Wates Corporate Governance Principles 
The Board has considered the best pracUce principles set out in the Wates Corporate Governance Principles for Private Business (the Wates Principles) and sought to apply them wherever applicable. The table below sets out how the Wates Principles have been applied during 2019: 
PrinclDle 
Principle One - Purpose and Leadership An effective board develops and promotes the purpose of a company, and ensures that its values, strategy and culture align with that purpose. 
How it ADDlles to Accord Accord is a dedicated intermediary lender that originates loans secured on resfdentfal and buy to let property through a trusted broker network, supporting the long term growth and profitability of the YBS Group. 
Accord is fully integrated into the YBS governance structure and, as part of the wider YBS Group, supports and promotes the Group's purpose, values and culture in the areas in which it operates. Further information can be found in the YBS Annual Report and Accounts. 
Every year the Board considers a Lending Plan that sets out its strategy for the year ahead and is built on the foundations of the Group's purpose and strategy. The Plan is aligned to the Group's value strategy with the aim to deliver sustainably funded growth. The Accord Lending Plan in turn forms a key component of the Group's overall lending strategy within its Corporate Plan. 
Principle Two - Board Composition Effective board composition requires an effective chair and a balance of skills, backgrounds, experience and knowledge, with individual directors having sufficient capacity to make a valuable contribution. The size of a board should be auided bv the scale and 
All directors understand their duties, including promoting the success of the company. Further detail on how the directors' S172 duties have been fulfilled can be found in the S172 Statement in the Strateaic Reoort on oaae 5 to 7. The Accord Board is made up of YBS Senior Managers, Chief Officers and an Executive Director, who is also the Chairman. Each of the directors brings a variety of skills through their experience and their spans of control within the wider Group. 
The size of the Board is considered appropriate for a subsidiary board where the company's operations are integrated in the wider YBS Group. 
Members of the Board are appointed by YBS, as the sole shareholder, based on the areas of experience each director brings to the Company, including but not limited to: operations; finance; transformation; and risk. The appointment of a YBS Board Executive Director ensures that there is direct feedback from the Accord Board to the Grouo Board. The remainina directors are either Chief Officers or complexity of the company. 
How it Aoollas to Accord members of the YBS Operating Committee ensuring that there is direct feedback into the key Management Committee's for the Group. It is recognised that diversity is a challenge, however, the Group is committed to achieving greater diversity and YBS is a signatory to the Women in Finance Charter. 
The effectiveness of the Accord Board is subject to oversight by the wider Group with bi-annual updates provided to the YBS Board. 
Principle Three• Directors 
Responsibilities The board and individual directors should have a clear understanding of their accountability and responsibilities. The board's policies and procedures should support effective decision-making and independent challenge. 
Professional development of directors is identified through their roles as part df the wider Group toQether with reaular oerformance evaluation. Accord and the wider YBS Group are committed to maintaining robust corporate governance practices. 
The governance framework for the company is clearly set out in its Articles of Association and the roles and responsibilities of the Board are set out in its Terms of Reference. 
The Accord directors are accountable for the governance and management of the Company, including collective responsfbillty for its long term success, and act in accordance with all the relevant and applicable regulatory and statutory requirements. The Board is also responsible for ensuring YBS, as the parent, is aware of any exceptional matters relating to its operations and governance, particularly where there would be an impact on the overall Group. 
All activities required for the day to day running of Accord are carried out by YBS and the framework for these arrangements is set out in an lntragroup Outsourcing Agreement. 
Governance arrangements are periodically reviewed and refreshed to ensure they remain fit for purpose and the next review has been scheduled for 2020. 
Principle Four - Opportunity and Risk A board should promote the long term sustainable success of the company by identifying opportunities to create and preserve value, and establishing oversight for identification and mitigation of risks. 
The Board meets at least four times a year and receives information on all key aspects of the business, such as financial and operational performance, including performance against key service levels agreed as part of the lntragroup Outsourcina Aareement. Strategic opportunities are identified and developed as part of the overall Group Strategy planning process. 
The company is part of the wider YBS Group which applies its risk management policies to the risks of the Group as a whole. As such any risks within Accord as an individual entity is considered at Group level, including those arising as a result of relationships and transactions with other Group companies. 
The YBS Chief Risk Officer is a member of the Accord Board ensuring there is a direct link with the Group Risk function. Each paper presented to the Accord Board includes a section setting out the risk implications of any proposals within the framework of the Group's approach to risk management. 
Second line of defence reviews by the Compliance team include coverage of Accord both directly and indirectly with relevant outcomes reported to the Accord Board which then monitors the resolution of any actions arising. 
Further detail in respect of Accord can be found in the Risk Management Report on pages 13 to 15. 
Further information on the Groups' approach to strategy and risk management can be found in the YBS Annual Report and Accounts. 
Remuneration 
A board should promote executive remuneration structures aligned to the long term sustainable success of a company, taking into account pay and conditions elsewhere in the comoanv. 
Principle Six - Stakeholder Relationships and Engagement Directors should foster effective stakeholder relationships aligned to the company's purpose. The board is responsible for overseeing meaningful engagement with stakeholders, including the workforce, and having regard to their views when taking decisions. 
How It Applies to Accord 
Accord is not an employer, all services required for the conduct of its operations are provided by YBS employees or contractors. 
The directors of the Accord Board are not separately remunerated for their role on the subsidiary. Further detail on the YBS approach to remuneration, including its Remuneration Policy, can be found in the YBS Annual Report and Accounts 2019. 
The Board is committed to taking into account the views of and understanding its impact on its key stakeholders. These include YBS as its sole shareholder, YBS's employees, customers, brokers, the regulator and as part of the wider Group, local communities. Papers considered by the Accord Board set out the implications of any decision on the company's key stakeholders, including customers, YBS members where relevant as a group wide impact, YBS colleagues and so on. 
Accord recognises the role of YBS as its sole shareholder and parent company and provides updates to the YBS Board on its performance and governance arrangements. 
As a dedicated intermediary lender, Accord recognises the importance of working in partnership with intermediaries to meet the needs of customers and maintain service excellence. Engagement and support is provided to brokers through a variety of means, including a dedicated team of Business Development Managers, and updates on service and engagement initiatives are provided to the Accord Board where appropriate. 
The Board recognises that the quality of service provided is key to the success of the company and continues to monitor feedback together with the Net Promoter Score (NPS) to measure satisfaction and identify any improvements required. 
Accord is sole regulated by the FCA and the Board receives at least an annual update on the Group's regulatory engagement highlighting areas which may be of significance to Accord, including the outcomes of any site visits specifically conducted by the FCA. 
Whilst Accord does not have any employees, it is recognised that decisions could impact on colleagues within the YBS Group, therefore, details of any such impacts are set out in papers submitted to and considered by the Accord Board.
