STATEMENT OF CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 
The Board of Directors remains committed to high standards of corporate governance and believes that these high standards are central to the effective management of the Group and maintaining the confidence of its members. 
For the year ended 31 March 2020, under the Companies (Miscellaneous Reporting) Regulations 2018, the Group has applied the Wates Corporate Governance Principles for Large Private Companies, published by the Financial Reporting Council (FRC) in December 2018. The Wates Principles provide a framework for the Board to monitor corporate governance of the Group and see where governance standards can be raised to a higher level across the business. The Board believes the governance framework will ensure effective engagement with stakeholders and provide the right environment to make decisions for the long-term success of the Group. A summary of the six Wates Principles can be seen below; more information can be found in the Strategic and Directors' Reports. 
Purpose and leadership The Board determines the Group's long-term strategy and direction to make available and maintain safe and efficient high speed trains for passenger service. The day-to-day management and implementation of strategies are delegated to the senior management team. It is the Board's responsibility to ensure that the Group's values, strategy and culture are adopted by the senior management team and aligned to ensure the long-term success of the business. 
Board composition The composition of the Board is determined by the Shareholders' Agreement. All of the Group's members are currently represented on the Board of Directors. The Board meets regularly, providing Directors with an opportunity to discuss key matters of importance and communicate their views. 
Directors' responsibilities The Board of Directors receives regular information on operations, financial performance, stakeholder engagement and management of key business risks to make effective decisions when necessary. The Board has an appointed chairman whose role is to ensure that the balance of responsibilities, accountabilities and decision making are effectively maintained. 
Opportunity and risk The Board aims to identify opportunities while ensuring risks are mitigated. Risk reviews are conducted regularly by the Board's Risk Sub-Committee, and senior management to ensure that inherent and emerging safety, operational and financial risks are identified and managed appropriately in a timely manner, updating the risk register for any changes in underlying conditions. 
Remuneration The Group has no employees and is resourced through a combination of management service and consultancy agreements. Directors do not receive any direct remuneration for services provided; instead fees are payable to the shareholder who they represent. 
Stakeholder relationships and engagement The Board understands that engagement with stakeholders and relationship management is essential to enable the Group to meet its immediate and long-term objectives. The section 172 (1) statement on pages 3 and 4 describes some of the engagement that takes place at an operational level with key stakeholders.
