Corporate Governance 
Good governance is essential to the successful delivery of our strategy and the way in which our business operates on a day-to-day basis. The Board is committed to maintaining the highest standards across the Group for the benefit of all our stakeholders. 
The Board of Directors are directly responsible for the Group's corporate leadership. Supporting the Board of Directors, our V.Group Executive Management team develop and deliver the strategy and objectives set by the Chairman and Board. 
Both the Board of Directors and Executive Management team are supported by working departments within the group all around the world. These teams keep our strategies, operations and values in place and meet performance expectations on a day to day basis. 
Throughout the year ended 31 December 2019, the Group has complied with the following Corporate Governance Principles: 
Board Leadership and Company Purpose The role of the Board is to promote the long-term sustainable success of the company, generating value for all stakeholders and contributing to wider society. The Board should establish the company's purpose, values and strategy, and satisfy itself that these and its culture are aligned. All Directors must act with integrity, lead by example and promote the desired culture. The Board should ensure that the necessary resources are in place for the company to meet its objectives and measure performance against them. 
The Board should also establish a framework of prudent and effective controls, which enable risk to be assessed and managed. In order for the company to meet its responsibilities to shareholders and stakeholders, the Board should ensure effective engagement with, and encourage participation from, these parties. The Board should ensure that workforce policies and practices are consistent with the company's values and support its long-term sustainable success. The workforce should be able to raise any matters of concern. 
Further details relating to Board Leadership and Company Purpose are included on pages 4-7 of the Directors' Duties and Stakeholder Engagement Section and pages 8- l 0 of the Risk Management Section of the Group Strategic Report and in pages l 7-19 of the Directors' Report. 
Board Composition As at 31 December 2019, the Board comprised the one Executive Director and 5 Non-Executive Directors. The Board and its committees should have a combination of skills, experience and knowledge. 
Director Responsibilities The Chairman leads the Board and is responsible for its overall effectiveness in directing the Company. The Directors should demonstrate objective judgement throughout their tenure and promote a culture of openness and debate. In addition, the Chairman facilitates constructive Board relations and the effective contribution of all non-executive Directors, and ensures that Directors receive accurate, timely and clear information. 
The Board should include an appropriate combination of Executive and Non-Executive (and, in particular, independent non-executive) directors, such that no one individual or small group of individuals dominates the Board's decisionmaking. There should be a clear division of responsibilities between the leadership of the Board and the executive leadership of the company's business. 
Non-Executive directors should have sufficient time to meet their Board responsibilities. They should provide constructive challenge, strategic guidance, offer specialist advice and hold management to account. The Board, supported by the secretary, should ensure that it has the policies, processes, information, time and resources it needs in order to function effectively and efficiently.
Opportunity and Risk It is the responsibility of the Board to establish formal and transparent policies and procedures to ensure the independence and effectiveness of internal and external audit functions and satisfy itself as to the integrity of financial and narrative statements. The Board should present a fair, balanced and understandable assessment of the company's position and prospects. It is the responsibility of the Board to establish procedures to manage risk, oversee the internal control framework, and determine the nature and extent of the principal risks the Company is willing to take in order to achieve its strategic objectives. 
Further details relating to Opportunity and Risk are included in pages 6-7 of the Directors' Duties and Stakeholder Engagement Section and pages 8-10 of the Risk Management Section of the Group Strategic Report and on pages 17-19 of the Directors' Report. 
Remuneration As part of the governance structure of the Group, the Remuneration Committee of the Board approves the Group policy for all employee compensation and benefit matters, and meets regularly to review and discuss. The Remuneration Committee receives regular updates on senior management appointments and provides oversight and approval of any remuneration changes and awards to members of the Group Executive Team. 
The Committee also reviews and approves the design and targets with respect to short term annual incentive plans, including awards payable under such plans, and the guiding principles and approach with respect to the annual salary review process. The Committee ensures that decisions taken are reflective of the approach to remuneration within the wider Group. 
Stakeholder relationships and engagement The Group encourages two-way communication with its stakeholders and responds promptly to all enquiries received. Periodic updates on business performance are provided to employee shareholders by designated representatives of the Board. The Chairman is always available to the Group's stakeholders if they have any issues they wish to discuss.
