Corporate governance arrangements 
Aldi Stores Limited has applied The Wates Corporate Governance Principles for Large Private Companies 2018. A summary of its activities and policies in relation to its founding six principles follows. 
Purpose 
The directors have promoted a singular, clearly defined Core Purpose, which is to offer the best value for its customers. 
To deliver its Core Purpose, the directors have managed the group with regard to a set of Operating Principles which explain its business strategy and model, including product range, procurement, store operations, customer management, employees and future business operations.
Purpose (continued) 
The Aldi Management System - which outlines its organisational, national and international structures, culture, values, policies and guidelines, management information and feedback channels - has also facilitated the directors in aligning the group behind this purpose. 
The group's organisational and national structures, including the operation of multiple independent national committees, and formal employee engagement surveys, have enabled the directors to monitor the effectiveness of its culture and respond accordingly. 
Board Composition 
The company's board of directors comprises Giles Hurley, Chief Executive Officer; Dan Ronald, Group Managing Director; and Oliver King, Group Managing Director. Collectively, the board considers it has the necessary skills, knowledge, experience and objectivity to deliver the group's strategy, appropriate to its scale and structure. 
The company is a UK subsidiary of Hofer KG, an Austrian partnership. The company's board is overseen by Hofer KG, which is responsible for ensuring its accountability to shareholders, effectiveness and governance. 
Appointments to the board are made in line with the group's diversity policy whilst directors undergo professional development in support of their duties and responsibilities. 
Responsibilities 
The organisational structure defines the relationship between the group's centralised functions and the regional .business units. 
The national structure defines the specific responsibilities of all leadership roles and their reporting lines within the organisational structure, ensuring accountability, communication and coordination of activities, policies and procedures, effective decision-making and the collection of essential management information. 
Within its organisational structure, the group also operates multiple national committees which are separate from its centralised functions with their own decision-making authority. These committees are formed by a group of employees taken from different roles and levels to work together to solve particular problems, identify opportunities and share best practice. Each committee is led by at least one managing director. 
All committees follow a set of procedures regarding the preparation and circulation of agendas, time and frequency of meetings and the publication and circulation of minutes on a central platform. 
Certain matters relating to subsidiaries are reviewed and decided upon by subsidiary boards. 
Opportunities and risk 
The directors review the group's long-term strategic plan and expected financial performance by assessing both opportunities and risks arising from its activities. 
The national structure outlined above, and the existence of its independent committees, provides for the identification and exploration of new sources of value, including growth and cost reduction initiatives. 
The same structure is responsible for identifying, assessing and implementing strategies to manage areas of risk, whether new or existing, driven by internal or external factors and financial or non-financial.
Opportunities and risk (continued) 
A key function of the management meetings is to assign clear accountability for all opportunities and risks which are material to the delivery of its strategy and the establishment of appropriate controls, including the collection and review of corresponding management information. 
Remuneration 
Remuneration for board directors and key management personnel is commensurate with securing and retaining high-performing individuals and supports the long-term success of the business. 
Stakeholders 
The directors ultimately oversee engagement with all stakeholders impacted by the group's activities, with specific regard to its employees. 
An annual announcement regarding the group's performance against financial and non-financial metrics is communicated and made available to all stakeholders.

