Corporate Governance Report 
For the year ended December 31, 2019 Allianz applied the Wates Corporate Governance Principles for Large Private Companies ("Wates Principles") (which was published by the Financial Reporting Council in December 2018) to its business, and in accordance with The Companies (Miscellaneous Reporting) Regulations 2018 this report sets out how the Wates Principles were applied. 
The Company is a wholly owned subsidiary of Allianz Holdings pie and leverages the governance structure of the Group. 
Principle One - Purpose and Leadership 
Purpose Allianz strives constantly to be a responsible business, a committed corporate citizen and a sustainable insurer. Customer centricity is of paramount importance; customers are at the heart of what we do and their needs instruct directly our business and the products and services we design and sell. 
The board seeks to apply these principles to its decision-making process and actively promotes them to the wider business and other stakeholders. Allianz seeks to be a strong voice within the industry, to highlight issues and drive through positive change, with our CEO Jon Dye being appointed as Chair of the Association of British Insurers in July 2019. 
Values and Culture Allianz aims to offer peace of mind through its products and services so its customers know that, in moments that matter, we will deliver our promise. 
Allianz's values are embedded within its culture and the policies it upholds. The board leads by example with a strong emphasis on integrity and honesty. Behaviours are reinforced through both the Allianz SE Group and Group policies applied throughout the business. Assessment of compliance to these policies is undertaken by way of internal audits throughout the year. 
Allianz takes extremely seriously the identification and prevention of fraud, whether at the application or claims stage of a customer's journey. This has a direct benefit to both Allianz's other customers and the insurance industry generally. 
When Allianz procures products and services from third parties, it looks to do so in a sustainable manner and with an unwavering commitment to transparency within any supply chain. With respect to Allianz's own products and services, they must always be clearly explained and honestly marketed. 
Allianz's environmental, social and governance strategy is being embedded within the business. Under this strategy Allianz strives to be a responsible insurer, responsible investor, committed corporate citizen and a trusted company. 
Allianz knows that by acting responsibly it can provide products and services that meet its customers' needs, reduce operating costs by being environmentally efficient and work in partnerships to address the challenges that its communities face. 
Strategy Allianz's strategy is developed by the board and implemented by our CEO Jon Dye and the Allianz Holdings pie management board. The recent acquisitions of LV=GI and L&G GI by the Group evidence clearly its ambition to be a key participant in the UK general insurance market. These acquisitions will enable the business to draw on the expertise of those companies to develop innovative, market-leading customer focussed products and services.
Principle Two - Board Composition 
Composition Size and Structure For the year ended December 31, 2019, the board comprised an independent non-executive Chairman, five non-executive Directors (including one shareholder nominated Director appointed on February 7, 2019) and two executive Directors (including one appointed on April 11, 2019). On December 31, 2019, the Group acquired LV=GI and L&G GI, following which the composition of the board was reviewed and it was agreed to appoint a further executive Director, Steve Treloar with effect from January 1, 2020. This revised composition is considered appropriate for the size and nature of the business going forward, particular1y taking into account aforementioned acquisitions and provides the appropriate combination of skills, experience and knowledge required for the board to carry out its responsibilities. 
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer The roles of Chairman and Chief Executive Officer are separate and clear1y defined. The non-executive Chairman is responsible for the effectiveness of the board, including facilitating objective debate to ensure effective decision-making. The Chief Executive Officer is responsible for executing the strategy of the Group together with implementing decisions of the board and its committees and leading the management board. 
Balance and Diversity The board is committed to increasing diversity across the business and the Group operates a diversity policy to encourage a more diverse and inclusive environment at all levels of the business. In relation to the board, as at December 31, 2019, two of the eight members (25%) of the board were female. 
The non-executive Directors bring a broad range of experience and skills to the board which are highly relevant to the insurance sector and therefore they provide objective and constructive challenge to executive Directors. 
New appointments to the board are recommended by the Nominations Committee after consideration of the board's composition in terms of its balance of skills, experience, length of service, knowledge of the Group and wider diversity considerations. 
Board Committees The board is embedded within the board of its parent company, Allianz Holdings pie, as the Directors are common to both boards, and so it leverages the governance structure of the Group. The Allianz Holdings pie Board delegates certain activities to the management board (its principal executive committee}, the Audit Committee, the Board Risk Committee, the Compensation Committee, the Nomination Committee and the Finance & Investment Committee. All of these committees (save for the management board and the Finance 
· & Investment Committee) are chaired by a non-executive Director who provide constructive challenge and influence across the work carried out by those committees. 
Effectiveness There are annual board self-assessment reviews and three year board effectiveness reviews. During the year the board undertook an external board effectiveness review. The evaluation took the form of confidential one-to-one discussions and questionnaires which considered the effectiveness of the board and individual Directors. 
The responses were collated and provided to the board. As a result of the evaluation, the board is satisfied that its structure, balance of skills and operation continues to be satisfactory and appropriate for the Company. 
The Directors are provided with a comprehensive and tailored induction on joining the board and regular1y meet with senior managers across the business. External advisors are invited to provide detailed updates and training on various topics as required in order to support ongoing professional development of the Directors. Non-executive Directors have access to the Company Secretary and can take independent professional advice at the Company's expense. During the year, the Directors were provided with training which included training on the following subjects: IFRS 17 - Insurance ·contracts IFRS 9 - Financial instruments Cyber Risk in the Boardroom Climate Change
Principle Three - Director Responsibilities 
Accountability The board operates under a corporate governance framework that provides the required structure to enable prudent yet entrepreneurial management. Both Allianz SE Group and Group policies, including those concerned with Solvency II requirements, are applied to the operation of the board and its function, as well as to the wider business. Group policies, in particular the Governance and Control Policy, are reviewed and approved annually to ensure continued relevance and effectiveness. 
Individually each board Director is required to perfonn their role in accordance with prescribed role profiles and competency requirements. Annual board self-assessment helps to ensure the board members remain "fit and proper" to undertake their duties (both fiduciary and regulatory) and responsibilities to the Company. 
Directors' conflicts of interest are considered and/or/ declared by board members at each meeting. Where required, a member will excuse themselves from a particular agenda item to ensure the interests of Allianz are not compromised: 
Integrity of lnfonnation The provision of clear, precise and relevant management infonnation and reports to the board is fundamental to achieving good governance and efficient decision-making and operations. 
There are fonnal and robust internal processes to ensure that the systems and controls in place are operating effectively, and that the board receives accurate, regular and timely infonnation about the perfonnance of the business. 
lnfonnation provided to the board includes financial infonnation, review of actual perfonnance against plan, strategy updates and market developments. Reports on matters such as investment perfonnance, the customer including cultural indicators, risk and conflicts of interest. The key financial infonnation is generated by the Company's own systems and is audited on an annual basis by PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP. 
The internal audit function prepares an annual risk-based plan of audits, derived from an audit universe, defined and revised annually, covering the complete system of governance. This includes the controls surrounding the processes for collecting and reporting data. The annual plan is approved by the Allianz Holdings pie Audit Committee with quarterly reporting on progress to the Audit Committee and the Allianz Holdings pie Board. 
Principle Four - Opportunity and Risk 
Opportunity The Group's approved 2025 strategy was released in 2019, focusing on securing the future of both the group's customers and employees. Strategic opportunities are routinely considered with the following examples of new initiatives throughout 2019: 
o A three year deal with Toyota from the start of 2020 means Allianz company car drivers will benefit from a fleet of hybrid vehicles. As well as mileage and warranty benefits for those drivers, this change will lead to a marked reduction in CO2 emissions by the business. 
• A Chief Data Officer was appointed in 2019, with the focus of helping Allianz become a more datadriven organisation by bringing its data teams together, setting a clear and simple data strategy and looking to increase value from the data it has. Improving data skills will also help to increase Allianz's technical trading capabilities. Excellence in Technical was recently launched which includes new Data, Pricing and Portfolio Management Faculties along with the Underwriting Faculty. 
• Protecting the personal data we are entrusted with is central to everything we do and vital to ensure we retain the trust and confidence of our customers and business partners. Through the Allianz Privacy Standard, we have developed a robust framework that helps us to deliver compliant data protection processes and procedures across our business.
• In 2019 we launched the new Cyber Select product that is specifically designed to suit the needs of a wide range of mid-corporate businesses. This new product is traded locally via our experts within the branch network, clients can choose their level of cover based on their company size and business need. In partnership with a panel of experts we offer a variety of pre-breach and postincident services 
• The automation of 50 repetitive, time-consuming processes, totalling more than 1 million transactions to date. These are adding value across the business and enabling it to focus on more technical and creative activities. 
Risk At Allianz, our enterprise risk management framework forms the overarching framework for management to deal with the various risks the company may encounter, as well as their tracking and monitoring. This also ensures that Allianz has processes in place by which it assesses the risks that it is exposed to, both on a current and forward-looking basis. 
The board's responsibilities include strategy, strategic asset allocation, internal control and the overall operation of the company. Within the Group governance structure oversight of risk management is delegated to the Chief Risk Officer {"CRO") and the Allianz Holdings pie Board Risk Committee {"BRiCo"). The BRiCo is responsible for oversight of risks both current and emerging that the Group faces. The CRO is supported by the Risk Department - a team of qualitative and quantitative experts. However, managers in the business units are responsible for managing risk in their own areas. 
To ensure Allianz is always prepared in a rapidly changing environment, it has a number of key risk management processes and policies that are implemented throughout the Group. These processes rely on a clear governance structure to enable effective risk management and culture. 
Responsibilities The board terms of reference specify that, the board is responsible for: 
• Establishment and maintenance of the system of internal control Approval of new appointments to FCA/PRA Controlled Functions 
The Group's internal control framework is articulated in its approved governance and control policy. 
The board is able to make informed and robust decisions due to the risk management systems described in the risk policy, which are communicated with the BRiCo through the quarterly own risk and solvency assessment updates. 
The board is responsible for setting and reviewing the Company's risk appetite. Allianz has a written statement confirming the degree of uncertainty {or risk) that the Company is willing to accept in the pursuit of its goals. Allianz has a conservative and controlled risk appetite that is aligned to achieving corporate objectives and meeting regulatory requirements and requirements of our parent company. 
In relation to the objectives in the annual corporate plan, Allianz aims to ensure that no event or combination of events is possible that will cause a variance in result which is not consistent with the stated risk appetite. 
The BRiCo is responsible for oversight of risks, both current and emerging, that the Group faces. Mitigation activities are agreed by the BRiCo and issues, such as reputational risk events, are escalated and acted upon as appropriate. Risks are monitored by the Risk Department via the risk management systems in place. 
Allianz has established clear communication channels. Internally, risks are discussed and escalated to relevant Group committees including BRiCo. Externally our risk profile is outlined in the annual report and solvency and financial condition report.
Principle Five - Remuneration 
Delegating Remuneration Decisions The Group's Compensation Committee is chaired by an independent non-executive Director, and has a majority of members who are non-executive Directors. The Compensation Committee is responsible for compensation strategy and applying it to senior executive positions in order to attract and retain quality people to enable the delivery of the Company's strategy. 
Setting Remuneration Compensation is set with reference to the Group's remuneration policy (which contains malus arrangements) and to the Allianz compensation framework set up by Allianz SE's Group Compensation Committee. The Compensation Committee determines total remuneration in relation to Directors (executive and non-executive) and senior executives. The Compensation Committee seeks external input from specialist advisors, (on, for example, market trends and benchmarking). The Compensation Committee also takes into account relevant UK regulatory guidance on remuneration. Senior executives who sit on subsidiary boards are remunerated at holding company level and are not remunerated separately for their subsidiary board positions. The Directors' remuneration is disclosed in Note 11. 
Principle Six - Stakeholder Relationships and Engagement 
External Impacts Good and effective governance underpins and drives a number of key business objectives including: growth and profitability, product performance, customer satisfaction, co-operative arrangements with third party stakeholders and suppliers, and sustainability. 
Allianz is acutely aware of the broader impact it has on its various environments, its customers and society in general, and adheres to and participates in the Allianz Holdings pie group's corporate social responsibility policies and practices. In addition, sustainability is a key objective of the business, informing what it does and in particular the goods and services it procures. 
Stakeholders The Company has a number of key stakeholders including: suppliers, customers, regulators, its shareholder and the wider Insurance industry. 
Our suppliers are required to operate within shared principles and ethical standards and to adhere to Allianz's corporate social responsibility requirements. These standards and requirements are regularly monitored and a failure to adhere to them can result in the arrangement being terminated. 
One measure the Company uses to determine how well its strategy is being implemented and positive customer outcomes are being achieved is through customer feedback and surveys. Further information concerning the Top Down Net Promoter Score can be found in the Strategic Report. 
Allianz is an active participant in Insurance industry initiatives and forums, as it has a genuine desire to effect positive change. In July 2019, Jon Dye was appointed as Chair of the Association of British Insurers, the leading trade association for insurers.
