CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT 
For the year ended December 31, 2019 Allianz applied the Wates Corporate Governance Principles for Large Private Companies (“Wates Principles”) (which was published by the Financial Reporting Council in December 2018) to its business, and in accordance with The Companies (Miscellaneous Reporting) Regulations 2018 this report sets out how the Wates Principles were applied. 
PRINCIPLE ONE PURPOSE AND LEADERSHIP 
PURPOSE 
Allianz strives constantly to be a responsible and trusted business and a committed corporate citizen. Customer centricity is of paramount importance; customers are at the heart of what we do and their needs directly instruct our business and the products and services we design and sell. 
The Board seeks to apply these principles to its decision making process and actively promotes them to the Group’s business, employees and other stakeholders. Regular communications are made to the workforce to both highlight and reinforce the adoption of these principles, and encouragement is actively given to enable employees to apply them in a meaningful way and also to express their views through regular line manager engagement and the annual employee engagement survey. Social responsibility is fully supported, with every employee being able to undertake volunteering days for a wide range of charities and good causes, as well as the sponsorship of positive initiatives that are aligned with the ethos of the business. 
Further details are set out in the Corporate Social Responsibility section of the CEO’s Report and the ESG Strategy section and Social Matters section of the Non-Financial Information Statement. Allianz seeks to be a strong voice within the insurance industry, to highlight issues and drive through positive change, with our CEO Jon Dye being appointed as Chair of the Association of British Insurers in July 2019. 
VALUES AND CULTURE 
Allianz aims to offer peace of mind through its products and services so its customers know that, in moments that matter, we will deliver our promise. This commitment to our more vulnerable customers is especially relevant currently. 
Allianz’s values are embedded within its culture 
and the policies it upholds, including the four “People Attributes” – customer and market excellence, collaborative leadership, entrepreneurship and trust. The Board leads by example with a strong emphasis on integrity and honesty. Behaviours are reinforced through both the Allianz SE Group and Group policies applied throughout the business to which all Group employees must adhere.
Assessment of compliance with these policies is undertaken by way of internal audits throughout the year. Good governance is at the core of the business with each employee being required to undertake annually numerous regulatory and compliance assessments, including anti-money laundering, information security and data privacy, ethics, anti-corruption and vulnerable customers. 
Allianz takes the identification and prevention of fraud extremely seriously, whether at the application or claims stage of a customer’s journey. This has a direct benefit to both Allianz’s other customers and the insurance industry generally. 
When Allianz procures products and services from third parties, it looks to do so in a sustainable manner and with an unwavering commitment to transparency within any supply chain. With respect to the Group’s products and services, they must always be clearly explained and honestly marketed. 
Allianz knows that by acting responsibly, it can provide products and services that meet its customers’ needs, reduce operating costs by being environmentally efficient and work in partnerships to address the challenges that its communities face. 
For further information concerning Allianz’s commitment to environmental, employee and social matters, respect for human rights and anti-corruption and bribery matters please refer to pages 18 to 25 of the Non-Financial Information Statement. 
STRATEGY 
Allianz’s strategy is developed by the Board and implemented by our CEO Jon Dye and the Management Board. It is then cascaded down to employees through roadshows, town hall meetings, internal communications and external conferences to enable a collective responsibility and engagement in the business’ goals. The recent acquisitions of LV=GI and L&G GI evidences clearly the Group’s ambition to be a key participant in the UK general insurance market. These acquisitions will enable the business to draw on the expertise of those companies to develop innovative, market-leading customer focused products and services. 
PRINCIPLE TWO BOARD COMPOSITION 
COMPOSITION, SIZE AND STRUCTURE 
For the year ended December 31, 2019, the Board comprised an independent nonexecutive Chairman, five non-executive Directors (including one shareholder nominated Director appointed on February 7, 2019) and two executive Directors (including one appointed on April 11, 2019). The Directors’ biographies which provide details of skills and experience can be found on pages 30 and 31. This composition was considered appropriate for the size and nature of the business during that year. On December 31, 2019, following the Group’s acquisition of LV=GI and L&G GI, the composition of the Board was reviewed and it was agreed to appoint a further executive Director, Steve Treloar with effect from January 1, 2020. This revised composition is considered appropriate for the size and nature of the business going forward, particularly taking into account aforementioned acquisitions and provides the appropriate combination of skills, experience and knowledge required for the Board to carry out its responsibilities. 
CHAIRMAN AND CEO 
The roles of Chairman and CEO are separate and clearly defined. The non-executive Chairman is responsible for the effectiveness of the Board, including facilitating objective debate to ensure effective decision-making. The CEO is responsible for executing the strategy of the Group together with implementing decisions of the Board and its committees and leading the Management Board. 
BALANCE AND DIVERSITY 
The Board is committed to increasing diversity across the business and the Group operates a diversity policy to encourage a more diverse and inclusive environment at all levels of the business. This is reflected by the fact that females represented 36.8% of management positions as at December 31, 2019 against a target of 35% to be in position by December 2020 set within the HMT Women in Finance Charter commitment. In relation to the Board, as at December 31, 2019, two of the eight members (25%) of the Board were female
The non-executive Directors bring a broad range of experience and skills to the Board which are highly relevant to the sectors in which the Group operates and therefore they provide objective and constructive challenge to executive Directors. 
New appointments to the Board were recommended by the Nomination Committee after consideration of the Board’s composition in terms of its balance of skills, experience, length of service, knowledge of the Group and wider diversity considerations. 
BOARD COMMITTEES 
THE DIRECTORS ARE PROVIDED WITH A COMPREHENSIVE AND TAILORED INDUCTION ON JOINING THE BOARD AND REGULARLY MEET WITH SENIOR MANAGERS ACROSS THE BUSINESS. 
The Board delegated certain activities to the Management Board (its principal executive committee), the Audit Committee, the Board Risk Committee, the Compensation Committee, the Nomination Committee and the Finance & Investment Committee. All of these committees (save for the Management Board and the Finance & Investment Committee) were chaired by a non-executive Director who provide constructive challenge and influence across the work carried out by those committees. Specific details of the Board Committees (and their sub-committees) including their membership, responsibilities and record of attendance can be found in the section of this report entitled “The Board and its Committees”. 
EFFECTIVENESS 
There are annual Board self-assessment reviews and three year Board effectiveness reviews. During the year the Board undertook an external Board effectiveness review. The evaluation took the form of confidential oneto-one discussions and questionnaires which considered the effectiveness of the Board and individual Directors. 
The responses were collated and provided to the Board. As a result of the evaluation, the Board is satisfied that its structure, balance of skills and operation continues to be satisfactory and appropriate for the Company. 
The Directors are provided with a comprehensive and tailored induction on joining the Board and regularly meet with senior managers across the business. External advisors are invited to provide detailed updates and training on various topics as required in order to support ongoing 
PRINCIPLE THREE DIRECTOR RESPONSIBILITIES 
ACCOUNTABILITY 
The Board operates under a corporate governance framework that provides the required structure to enable prudent yet entrepreneurial management. Both Allianz SE Group and Group policies, including those concerned with Solvency II requirements, are applied to the operation of the Board and its function, as well as to the wider business. Group policies, in particular the Governance and Control Policy, are reviewed and approved annually by the Board or its Committees to ensure continued relevance and effectiveness. 
Individually each Board Director is required to perform their role in accordance with prescribed role profiles and competency requirements. Annual Board self-assessment 
helps to ensure the Board members remain “fit and proper” to undertake their duties (both fiduciary and regulatory) and responsibilities to the Company. 
Directors’ conflicts of interest are considered and/or declared by Board members at Board meetings. Where required, a member will excuse themselves from a particular agenda item to ensure the interests of Allianz are not compromised. 
INTEGRITY OF INFORMATION 
The provision of clear, precise and relevant management information and reports to the Board is fundamental to achieving good governance and efficient decision-making and operations. 
professional development of the Directors. Non-executive Directors have access to the Company Secretary and can take independent professional advice at the Group’s expense. During the year, the Directors were provided with training which included training on the following subjects: • IFRS 17 – Insurance contracts • IFRS 9 – Financial instruments • Cyber Risk in the Boardroom • Climate Change
There are formal and robust internal processes to ensure that the systems and controls in place are operating effectively, and that the Board receives accurate, regular and timely information about the performance of the business. 
Information provided to the Board includes financial information, review of actual performance against plan, strategy updates and market developments. Reports are also provided on matters such as investment performance, the customer including cultural indicators, risk and conflicts of interest. 
The internal audit function prepares an annual risk-based plan of audits, derived from an audit universe, defined and revised annually, covering the complete system of governance. This includes the controls surrounding the processes for collecting and reporting data. The annual plan is approved by the Audit Committee with quarterly reporting on progress to the Audit Committee and the Board. 
PRINCIPLE FOUR OPPORTUNITY AND RISK 
OPPORTUNITY 
The 2025 strategy for the Group was released in 2019, focusing on securing the future of both the Group’s customers and employees. Strategic opportunities are routinely considered, with the following examples of new initiatives throughout 2019: • On December 31, 2019 the Company completed the deals to secure 100% ownership of LV=GI and L&G GI, creating a new opportunity for our future growth and success. 
• A three year deal with Toyota from the start of 2020 means Allianz company car drivers will benefit from a fleet of hybrid vehicles. As well as mileage and warranty benefits for those drivers, this change will lead to a marked reduction in CO2 emissions by the business. 
• In 2019 Allianz launched the first modules of Success Factors, the new global HR IT system and began a journey to transform the way HR works at Allianz, with the aim of delivering the best possible service to employees. 
• A Chief Data Officer was appointed in 2019, with the focus of helping Allianz become a more data-driven organisation by bringing its data teams together, setting a clear and simple data strategy and looking to increase value from the data it has. Improving data skills will also help to increase Allianz’s technical trading capabilities. Excellence in Technical, a programme of learning and training, was recently launched which includes new Data, Pricing and Portfolio Management Faculties along with the Underwriting Faculty. 
• Protecting the personal data we are entrusted with is central to everything we do and vital to ensure we retain the trust and confidence of our customers and business partners. Through the Allianz Privacy Standard, we have developed a robust framework that helps us to deliver compliant data protection processes and procedures across our business. 
• In 2019 we launched the new Cyber Select product that is specifically designed to suit the needs of a wide range of mid-corporate businesses. This new product is traded locally via our experts within the branch network and clients can choose their level of cover based on their company size and business need. In partnership with a panel of experts, we offer a variety of pre-breach and post-incident services. 
• To date, 50 repetitive, time-consuming processes, totalling more than 1 million transactions have been automated. These are adding value across the business and enabling it to focus on more technical and creative activities. 
RISK 
At Allianz, our enterprise risk management framework forms the overarching framework for management to deal with the various risks the Company and the Group may encounter, as well as their tracking and monitoring. This also ensures that Allianz has processes in place by which it assesses the risks that it is exposed to, both on a current and forwardlooking basis. 
The Board’s responsibilities include strategy, strategic asset allocation, internal control and the overall operation of the Group. Within the Group governance structure oversight of risk management is delegated to the CRO and the Board Risk Committee (“BRiCo”). The BRiCo is responsible for oversight of risks both current and emerging that the Group faces. The CRO is a member of the Management Board and a standing invitee to the Board. The CRO is supported by the Risk Department – a team of qualitative and quantitative experts. However, managers in the business units are responsible for managing risk in their own areas. 
To ensure Allianz is always prepared in a rapidly changing environment, it has a number of key risk management processes and policies that are implemented throughout the Group. These processes rely on a clear governance structure to enable effective risk management and culture, in addition to reporting communicated from the business to the Board. 
For further details on risk and its mitigation, please refer to the Risk and Capital Management section on page 9 of the Group Strategic Report. 
RESPONSIBILITIES 
The Board’s terms of reference specify that it is responsible for: 
• Establishment and maintenance of the system of internal control 
• Approval of new appointments to FCA/PRA Controlled Functions 
The Group’s internal control framework is articulated in its approved governance and control policy. 
The Board is able to make informed and robust decisions due to the risk management systems described in the risk policy, which are communicated with the BRiCo through the quarterly own risk and solvency assessment updates. 
The BRiCo is responsible for oversight of risks, both current and emerging, that the Group faces. Mitigation activities are agreed by the BRiCo and issues, such as reputational risk events, are escalated and acted upon as appropriate. Risks are monitored by the Risk Department via the risk management systems in place, and routinely reported to relevant committees and the Board. 
Allianz has established clear communication channels. Internally, risks are discussed and escalated to relevant committees including BRiCo. Externally, our risk profile is outlined in the Group’s annual report and the solvency and financial condition reports of its insurance subsidiaries. 
Specifically, the Risk Department facilitates the top risk assessment with the Management Board and the senior managers, along with the emerging risk process and conduct risk framework. These are presented for discussion and debate to various committees including the BRiCo. 
The Board is responsible for setting and reviewing the Company’s and Group’s risk appetite. Allianz has a written statement confirming the degree of uncertainty (or risk) that the Company is willing to accept in the pursuit of its goals. Allianz has a conservative and controlled risk appetite that is aligned to achieving corporate objectives and meeting regulatory requirements. 
In relation to the objectives in the annual corporate plan, Allianz aims to ensure that no event or combination of events is possible that will cause a variance in result which is not consistent with the stated risk appetite.
PRINCIPLE FIVE REMUNERATION DECISIONS 
DELEGATING REMUNERATION DECISIONS EXTERNAL IMPACTS 
The Compensation Committee is chaired by an independent non-executive Director, and has a majority of members who are non-executive Directors. The Compensation Committee is responsible for compensation strategy and applying it to senior executive positions in order to attract and retain quality people to enable the delivery of the Group’s strategy. 
SETTING REMUNERATION 
Compensation is set with reference to the Group’s remuneration policy (which contains malus arrangements) and to the compensation framework set up by Allianz SE Group’s compensation committee. The Compensation Committee determines total remuneration in relation to Directors (executive and nonexecutive) and senior executives. The Compensation Committee seeks external input from specialist advisors on, for example, market trends and benchmarking. The Compensation Committee also takes into account relevant UK regulatory guidance on remuneration. Directors and Management Board members who sit on subsidiary Boards are remunerated at holding company level and are not remunerated separately for their subsidiary Board positions. The Directors’ remuneration is disclosed in Note 12 on page 73. Salaries of all Group employees are aligned to the performance of the business and market conditions, with bonus (and long term incentives for senior executives) driven by a combination of personal and business performance. 
POLICIES 
The Group is an active equal opportunities employer who promotes a workplace where everyone receives equal treatment regardless of age, gender, nationality, ethnic origin, religion, marital status, sexual orientation or disability. 
It has set up successful employee- 
driven networks to further strengthen its work in this area, and publishes annually its Gender Pay Reporting information. 
Good and effective governance underpins and drives a number of key business objectives including: growth and profitability, employee engagement, product performance, customer satisfaction, co-operative arrangements with third party stakeholders and suppliers, and sustainability. 
Allianz is aware of the broader impact it has on its various environments, its customers and society in general, and has established corporate social responsibility policies and practices for the Group. In addition, sustainability is a key objective of the business, informing what it does and in particular the goods and services it procures. 
Positive employee engagement is fundamental to achieving other key objectives, whether that might be in relation to policies and codes of conduct or encouragement to participate in social and environmental matters important to the business or the employees themselves. Social responsibility and volunteering is actively encouraged. In addition, Allianz’s role as principal partner of the Saracens’ Sports Foundation and partnership with the British Paralympics Association demonstrate our genuine desire to engage with our wider communities, make positive contributions and enable opportunities. Details of these and other initiatives can be found in the Corporate Social Responsibility section on page 5 of the CEO’s Report. 
The Group’s day to day operations will have an impact on the environment, including the consumption of resources and energy. The Environmental Matters section on page 18 of the Non-Financial Information Statement provides more detail on how as a business Allianz is looking to reduce its impact on the environment.
PRINCIPLE SIX STAKEHOLDER RELATIONSHIPS AND ENGAGEMENT 
STAKEHOLDERS 
The Group has a number of key stakeholders including: employees, suppliers, customers, regulators, its shareholder and the wider insurance industry. 
THE GROUP HAS A NUMBER OF KEY STAKEHOLDERS INCLUDING: EMPLOYEES, SUPPLIERS, CUSTOMERS, REGULATORS, ITS SHAREHOLDER AND THE WIDER INSURANCE INDUSTRY. 
As highlighted previously in this report, engagement with employees is conducted in a number of different ways to ensure common goals and strategies are achieved and employee views and opinions are made known to the Board and Management Board. Allianz can only achieve its goals and ambitions, and operate in a responsible and considerate manner with a skilled, diverse and engaged workforce. The business seeks to achieve engagement through many different initiatives, details of which are set out in the Employee Matters section on page 20 of the Non-Financial Information Statement and the Employee section on page 16 of the Directors’ Report. In addition, in 2019 the acquisitions of LV= GI and L&G GI required a considerable level of employee engagement and activity amongst relevant sections of the workforce, in terms of both education and integration planning. Their engagement in this process has significantly contributed to both acquisitions closing in a well-planned and seamless manner, resulting in a strong operating model from January 1, 2020. 
Our suppliers are required to operate within shared principles and ethical standards and to adhere to Allianz’s corporate social responsibility requirements. These standards and requirements are regularly monitored and a failure to adhere to them can result in the arrangement being terminated. 
One measure the Group uses to determine how well its strategy is being implemented and positive customer outcomes are being achieved is through customer feedback and surveys. Further information concerning the Top Down Net Promoter Score can be found in the Customer section on page 4 of the CEO’s Report and the Social Matters section on page 21 of the Non-Financial Information Statement. 
Allianz is an active participant in insurance industry initiatives and forums, as it has a genuine desire to effect positive change. In July 2019, Jon Dye was appointed as Chair of the Association of British Insurers, the leading trade association for insurers. 
Further details in respect of stakeholders and their engagement can be found in the section 172 (1) Companies Act 2006 statement on page 14 of the Strategic Report
