STATEMENT OF CORPORATE GOVERNANCE ARRANGEMENTS 
The Group is a globally integrated payments organisation that provides customers with access to products, insights and experiences that enrich lives and build business success. American Express' purpose, values and strategies are determined at a global level prior to being communicated to and implemented in local jurisdictions. Given the global nature and complexity of the Group's business operations, the Group has implemented a matrix organisational structure. This is composed of an extensive global network oflegal entities from which it conducts its activities. The Company sits within this structure and is primarily responsible for the Group's card issuing activities in the UK in addition to providing strategic and operational services to other legal entities within the Group. It is the AESEL Board's responsibility to implement policies, principles and strategies in a manner that aligns with those set at the global level, while taking into account local legislation, operational requirements and opportunities, thereby contributing to a cohesive approach across the organisation. 
The Board recognises the importance of good corporate governance and rigorous supervision of the management of the Company to ensure that business operations are conducted competently, with integrity and due regard to the interests of all stakeholders. Consequently, for the year ended 31 December 2019, under the Companies (Miscellaneous Reporting) Regulations 2018, the Company has applied the Wates Corporate Governance Principles for Large Private Limited Companies (published by the Financial Reporting Council ("FRC") in December 2018 and available on the FRC website). Details of the Company's corporate governance arrangements are set out below. 
• Purpose and leadership 
American Express strives to provide the world's best customer experience every day and to become essential to customers by providing differentiated products and services to help them achieve their aspirations. The Board is responsible for overseeing the Company's strategy, decisions, processes and culture in a manner that aligns with the Group's global approach, which provides for the long-term sustainability of both the Company and the Group's business. To this end, the Board hold regular meetings with key stakeholders across the Company's lines of business and other departmental groups to ensure that proper oversight and control of the Company's business is maintained and, where necessary, to provide constructive challenge. This enables the Company's business and wider Group organisation to pursue opportunities in a manner consistent with American Express' principles. American Express' vision and strategies, while initially set at the global level, are designed to take account of the specific circumstances of different jurisdictions. The strategy for the UK (the Company's primary market) is regularly communicated across the UK organisation in various formats such as internal announcements by senior leaders, many of whom sit on the Board. and/or regular leadership presentations ("townhalls") that outline the progress of and developments within the UK business. In addition, the Chairperson of the Board is also the UK Country Manager and regularly communicates to the UK organisation on various matters impacting the UK organisation. 
The brand and attributes - trust, security and services - of American Express are key assets and the Group's continued success depends on its ability to preserve, grow and leverage the values of the brand. American Express' ability to attract and retain customers is highly dependent upon the external perceptions of the organisation, including its trustworthiness, business practices and workplace culture. The Group invests heavily in managing, marketing, promoting and protecting the brand, with the Company specifically focusing on developing and enhancing the brand in the UK. The Board, being comprised of senior UK based representatives from each line of business and other critical functions, is well placed to provide the necessary leadership, input and challenge required to manage, market, promote and protect the brand. The Board is also able to ensure that a high level of accountability across the business is maintained so that product offerings and services are consistent with American Express' brand and values. While not legal entity specific, the Company also benefits from American Express internal policies which provide for effective procedures in cases of misconduct, anti-corruption, conflicts of interests, whistleblowing and more. American Express' culture and internal policies align with the overall purpose, strategy and brand of American Express where the Group holds itself to the highest standards of business ethics and integrity.

Board composition The Board is comprised of eight executive directors and is chaired by the UK Country Manager who plays an important role in promoting open debate and constructive discussion. The Chair of the Board works closely with the Company Secretary to ensure that the Board receives accurate information in a clear and timely manner necessary for the Board to make informed decisions. The Chair also provides the leadership, guidance and challenge required for the Board, and individual directors, to remain effective in the task of setting and implementing the Company's direction and strategies. 
The Company's business activities are comprised of multiple lines of business in a complex and regulated industry. Consequently, it is essential that the Board possesses the necessary collective knowledge, experience and skills in order to operate effectively. As such, the Board is comprised of senior UK based representatives from each line of business and other critical functions thereby enabling increased levels of oversight and accountability at the board level. The Board, together with its advisors, possess significant experience in areas such as general management, finance, sales/marketing, risk management, operations, technology, law, and regulatory compliance necessary to provide effective oversight. The Board's composition is reviewed regularly to ensure that the Board maintains the correct balance of skills and experience necessary to function properly and keep abreast of developments in a dynamic business environment and aligned with the recently introduced Senior Managers & Certification Regime. 
Members of the Board are expected to act with integrity and independence while possessing the energy, forthrightness, analytical skills, and commitment to devote the necessary time and attention to the Company's affairs. Directors are also expected to possess a willingness to challenge senior management and the ability to work collaboratively in an environment of trust. The Chair regularly ensures that time is dedicated for Directors to discuss and, where necessary, provide constructive challenge to management on key decisions the Board is asked to make. 
Ensuring a diverse and inclusive environment is a key priority for the Group, Company and the Board. American Express' Global Inclusion and Diversity aspiration is to be a global leader in inclusivity and a company where being yourself matters. American Express' business is sustained by innovation and engaging with and supporting its unique differences helps to drive creative and complex problem solving. 
As part of the commitment to inclusion and diversity, American Express Company has signed the Women in Finance Charter, committing to: • • • 
Getting a 50:50 Gender balance (with I 0% tolerance) of senior management roles in the UK by 2024; Continue boosting awareness of gender diversity across the organisation; and 
Continue reviewing our employee development programs to ensure a diverse and fair workforce and foster a culture of inclusion. 
' 
As of the signing date, the gender balance of the Board is 4:3 with a female majority. • 
Directors responsibilities 
(i) Accountability Good governance is essential to maintaining rigorous supervision of the management of a company, ensuring that business is done competently, with integrity and with due regard to the interests of all stakeholders. The Company is authorised and ;egulated by the Financial Conduct Authority ("FCA") in the UK. On account of being a consumer credit firm with an annual revenue of£ I 00m or more, it is subject to the Senior Managers and Certification Regime ("SMCR") as an Enhanced Firm. The SMCR is part of the FCA's drive to improve culture, governance and accountability within financial services firms. It aims to deter misconduct by improving individual accountability and awareness of conduct issues across firms. As such, each Director of the Company is considered a Senior Manager and has been allocated specific prescribed responsibilities and business activities linked to their role covered by a "Statement of Responsibility". All appointments to the Board are subject to FCA approval and Directors are required to agree to a Statement of Responsibility prior to being appointed to the Board. This means that Directors have a clear understanding of their roles and responsibilities prior to joining the Board while ensuring that Directors take all reasonable steps in the furtherance of their duties and responsibilities on an ongoing basis.
• 
(i) 
Directors responsibilities (continued) Accountability (continued) 
ln addition to the above, each member of the Board is subject to the American Express Code of Conduct (the "Code"). The Code is intended to focus on areas of potential conflicts of interest and other ethical issues, provide mechanisms to report potential conflicts or unethical conduct and help to foster a culture of openness and accountability. All reporting of conflicts of interest is centrally managed by the Corporate Secretary's Office. Directors are required to review and renew their commitment to the Code annually. 
(ii) Committees The Directors are responsible for managing the Company's affairs and for ensuring that the operations of the Company, including those of its branches, are carried out effectively and with due regard to the reputation of the Group and the requirements imposed upon it by law, regulation and relevant regulatory bodies. 
To fulfil these responsibilities, the Company maintains a governance framework including the following committees ("the Committees"), each reporting regularly to the Board: 
• The Audit and Finance Committee; • The Operational Risk Committee; and • The Payment Protection Insurance Committee 
The Audit and Finance Committee focuses principally on the Company's financial accounting, internal control and integrity of the financial statements. lt is chaired by the Chief Financial Officer and membership is made up of representatives from all relevant departments, including Tax, Treasury, Regulatory Compliance, Internal Audit and Controllership. The Audit and Finance Committee meets five times a year, to monitor key issues and changes within the committee's remit, make non-critical decisions and to conclude upon items and/or risks which should be raised for the Board's consideration. 
The Operational Risk Committee ("ORC") supports the Board by giving oversight to the key operational risks identified for the Company. lt is chaired by a senior representative from the Compliance organisation and membership is made up of representatives of each of the Company's lines of business. The ORC has oversight of significant operational and compliance changes and issues arising within the Company. The ORC is also responsible for ensuring that clear, effective and compliant processes are in place for managing third party and affiliate outsourcing arrangements. The ORC meets in advance of every board meeting in order to consider items and/or risks which should be raised for the Board's consideration. 
The Payment Protection Insurance Committee oversees the fair assessment, calculation and remediation of potential redress in respect of Payment Protection Insurance ("PPl") and reports to the Operational Risk Committee. Membership is made up of representatives from all relevant departments, including Compliance, Legal, Customer Research & Solutions, Marketing, Finance, Operational Excellence and Internal Audit. 
The Committees meet regularly and report at Board meetings. Any matters which cannot be resolved by the Committees are escalated to the Board for its consideration. Due to the make-up of the Board, in many instances, items and risks escalated to the Board are already known to individual directors well in advance of Board meetings which leads to a greater upfront understanding of the issues at play. Furthermore, the Board has, or has access to, the right level of subject matter expertise to provide constructive challenge, input and/or take decisive action when called upon to do so. In addition to a Risk Tolerance Statement, the Board has implemented an escalation framework to ensure the effective reporting of risks, issues and changes within the Company to relevant key internal and external stakeholders.



 • 
Directors responsibilities (continued) 
(iii) Integrity of Infonnation The Board receives infonnation on all areas deemed crucial to maintaining proper oversight and control of the Company's business on a regular and timely basis from a wide group of stakeholders. Such infonnation includes reports from, but is not limited to, the Committees, Line of Business, Compliance, Legal, Internal Audit, lnfonnation Technology & Data Security. In order to ensure the correct level of oversight and control over the business is maintained, the Board meets frequently throughout the course of the year. 
All infonnation the Board receives is provided by subject matter experts who have the relevant qualifications, experience and skills necessary to ensure the integrity of the infonnation while also advising on developments impacting the Company. The Board has, or has access to, the right level of subject matter expertise to validate the integrity of the infonnation. The Company, and groups supporting the Company, are subject to regular comprehensive reviews undertaken by the Group's Internal Audit Function which reports to the Board on its findings on a regular basis. Furthermore, the Company's financial information and processes are externally audited by PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP on an annual basis. 
• Opportunity and risk 
The Group follows a consistent approach to strategic decision making and risk management, with the Board overseeing the implementation of strategies for future growth of the Company. 
Due to the size of the Company's business, the Board have taken certain steps to streamline the decision-making process to increase the overall effectiveness of the Company's operations. Consequently, certain decision-making powers have been delegated to the Committees and controls put in place to safeguard the Company and the interests of other key stakeholders. As part of this, the Board has implemented a risk appetite statement which is grounded in the core operating principles of the Group: ''provide superior customer value; enhance the brand respected for service, trust, integrity, and security; create best-in-class economics through long-term business cycles". In support of these principles, the Company clearly articulates and maintains a risk profile that would, at a minimum, withstand the stresses ofa severe macroeconomic downturn, while at the same time meeting the Company's capital goals. The Company controls its risk profile through its risk management processes, with a system of limits, escalations, and other controls. The Company evaluates its risk capacity and its risk profile and may adjust its risk strategies, its business or capital plan, or its risk limits. 
As an authorised payment institution, the Company is required to maintain capital levels which exceed a prescribed level of minimum capital, as required by the Payment Services Regulations 2009. The Company has an FCA minimum capital requirement for the year of£ 11.2m. Capital monitoring processes are in place to ensure the Company exceeds the minimum capital requirements at all times. The Company is also required to undertake daily safeguarding of relevant funds. 
Disclosures on future strategies and risk management as well as a business outlook, with a summary of risks and uncertainties are included within the Strategic Report. 
The Company has a robust internal control framework with clear roles and responsibilities for escalation and remediation of risks. The Committees, as referred in the earlier section (Directors' responsibilities), each adhere to Terms of Reference to ensure appropriate escalations to the Board. The framework consists of governance, risk assessment, issue management, and reporting and monitoring by which the Company identifies, assesses, measures, monitors and controls risks facing the business. The Company has the "three lines of defense" approach to risk management. Independence is maintained from First Line (the business) - functions directly initiating revenue, expense management, or risk decision activities, Second Line (compliance function) - independent functions overseeing risk in the first line and Third Line (internal audit) - independent group providing assurance that the first and second lines are operating effectively.



 • Remuneration Executive pay is set by the Compensation and Benefits Committee ("CBC") of the Board of Directors of American 
Express Company. A significant portion of executive pay is given via long term equity awards with payouts that are linked to Group performance and support a long-term, high performance business model. Long term incentives have performance metrics that are tied to stock appreciation which helps create a sense of shared purpose with shareholders. All executive pay structures noted above for American Express also apply to the Company, and to all other subsidiaries of American Express Company. • 
Stakeholder relationships and engagement 
The Company considers its primary stakeholders to be its customers, internal and external suppliers, and its workforce. Our engagement with and consideration of these stakeholders is detailed below. 
(i) External Impacts The Corporate Social Responsibility team works closely with the Global Real Estate and the American Express Technologies groups to identify, measure, manage and report on environmental risks, performance and opportunities. Given the scope of our activity ( financial products and services), the impact of the American Express activity on the environment is limited and no substantial environmental risks and impacts have been identified. 
American Express is committed to remaining a CarbonNeutral® enterprise and continuing to power our operations with renewable electricity after reaching the milestone in 2018. To ensure its internal operations integrate sustainability into procedures, American Express set 2025 environmental performance targets (see American Express Company's 2018-2019 Corporate Social Responsibility report). These global commitments focus on emissions, energy use, waste generation, water use, green building certification, single-use plastic product purchase and responsible paper sourcing. 
(ii) Stakeholders External suppliers are identified and managed in accordance with the Company's Third Party Lifecycle Management Policy. The Company's Global Supply Management organisation completes risk assessments on suppliers in its scope and the type and level of risk identified assists to prioritise those relationships along with: (1) the applicable due diligence artefacts to be collected and evaluated; (2) the frequency of any ongoing reviews; and (3) any specific language to be included in the procurement contract (e.g. relating to data security). The Company has an outsourcing policy which is maintained and controlled by the Outsourcing Governance Team which reports into the ORC. 
Due to the matrix structure within American Express, other entities within the Group constitute a significant portion of the Company's suppliers. These relationships are governed by American Express internal governance, policies and controls, with arm's length pricing and formal intercompany agreement documentation. 
The Company has direct relationships with Cardmembers and businesses, actively working to engage with them through customer service, direct-to-customer channels, and social media. The Company believes that delivering products and services in a fair and transparent manner is critical to providing best-in-class customer service. As part of our fundamental commitment to meet customer credit needs, the Company is dedicated to engaging in customer practices that embody transparency, truthfulness, fairness, and a culture of non-discrimination throughout the credit lifecycle. The Company manages and mitigates customer practices risk through dedicated resources and ongoing monitoring, testing, and oversight. This also applies to third-party vendors and their subcontractors, also known as fourth-party vendors. 
The Company's activities are subject to regulation and supervision by various regulatory authorities in the UK, most notably the Financial Conduct Authority, Payment Systems Regulator and Information Commissioner's Office. When providing information to regulators, either through exams, reporting or ad hoc requests, the Company looks to ensure consistency, integrity and transparency. Additionally, the Company may seek to engage with regulators pro-actively to facilitate dialogue on regulatory change, either by taking part in formal consultation processes or through less formal engagement such as ad hoc relationship meetings. The Compliance organisation, with input from the Board, maintains a regular dialogue with the Company's various regulators throughout the year to keep them

Stakeholder relationships and engagement (continued) 
(ii) Stakeholders (continued) apprised of developments on existing matters under review or make them aware of new items as and when they arise. 
(iii) Workforce The American Express Workforce within the UK, including, but not limited to, the Company's employees, is split among multiple UK based legal entities. The employing entity is typically determined based on the line of business or the department in which an individual employee sits. Consequently, many of American Express' interactions with the workforce, being cross functional in nature, are dealt with at a centralised level rather than at the legal entity level such as the UK Country Executive Team and the UK Crisis Management Team. These centralised teams consist of senior leaders based in the UK, some of whom also sit on the Board of the Company. American Express regularly engages with its workforce to solicit feedback and to share information via a variety of forums, including quarterly global Town Halls (company-wide and by line of business), regular UK market Town Halls, an annual Colleague Experience Survey designed to gain insights into workforce engagement and concerns, and telephone and email-based resources, which provides leaders and colleagues with the opportunity to seek advice and· guidance on employment matters. Notwithstanding the above, certain decisions/actions which have the potential to impact a significant number of the Company's employees must first be approved by the Board. 
Additionally, American Express has an Ethics Hotline, which provides colleagues and suppliers/vendors the opportunity to report concerns without fear of retaliation (i.e., confidentiality and anonymity), as well as a UK Employee Forum, in which UK Employee Representatives meet at least twice annually with senior business leaders to discuss and provide feedback on business strategy, workforce management, and financial results. Finally, these policies are aligned to the Group's values and are reviewed regularly to ensure they are in line with statutory requirements and changes.
