Amey is committed to high standards of corporate governance. During the year the Board reviewed governance to ensure compliance with the Companies (Miscellaneous Reporting) Regulations 2018 and this resulted in the adoption of the Wates Corporate Governance Principles for Large Private companies. 
Operation of the Board 
The Board is responsible for the strategic direction, effective management, development and control of the company and the Group as a whole. 
The Board's strategy is implemented via the Executive Committee, comprising senior executives, who assist the 0,ief Executive Officer in the management of the operations and development of the Group as a whole. Chaired by the O,ief Executive Officer, the Executive Committee meets on a monthly basis including strategy sessions. Detailed operational activity is the focus of Operational Review meetings and Business Unit Management Boards. Recently, and in particular during the early stages of the COVID-19 pandemic, the Executive Committee increased the frequency of its meetings. 
An Investment and Approvals Committee has been established as a sub-committee of the Board to review all approval requests in accordance with the Approvals Policy, with the remit and powers delegated to it by the Board
System of intemal control and risk management 
The Board has well-established risk management policy and procedures, reporting mechanisms and regular formal reviews which together provide transparency of risk throughout all tiers of management. Amey seeks to manage risk proactlvely to reduce the likelihood of occurrence and/or the impact should it happen. Reporting mechanisms allow for risks identified at contract or function level that meet set criteria, to be elevated through the business structure. Those that meet the required criteria are reported to the Risk Management Committee, the operat!onal boards and ultimately the Executive Committee. 
Amey manages and monitors risk in two ways. • Amey identifies and evaluates potential risks to the business. Recording currently established methods of 
managing that risk and importantly develop!ng risk treatment plans to enhance our opportunity to reduce the likelihood of occurrence and/or the extent of impact should the risk crystalise. • When a risk event occurs, focus turns to managing the impacts. 
Both corporate risks and risk events are reported through the governance process. 
The Executive Committee formally reviews the risk management reports at its meetings. In addition, all Board meetings conduct a full review of financial performance. Financial reporting is against budget and previous forecast. The period to date financial position is reviewed by the Board at each meeting together with the latest full year forecast. 
During 2019, the Executive Committee reviewed the risk management architecture and the composition and terms of reference for the Risk Management Committee. As a result of this review, revised systems are being integrated into the risk management process and the Terms of Reference updated. 
The Directors acknowledge that the Company operates in a complex and changing business environment with many areas of judgment that it has not always got right To try to lessen the variability in eventual outcome of those judgments, the Board, at the beginning of 2020, revisited the findings from the internal audits going back several years and summarised them into nine key areas of focus including but not limited to the company's bidding process, contract management, cost control and estimation of margins, risks, provisions & claims. Each area of focus has an executive sponsor who is responsible for ensuring that actions, which may include policy updates, system updates and governance changes, are completed during 2020 such that the risks going forward continue to be mitigated. Many of the bids which have led to contract wins during 2020 were submitted within this new framework. 
ITsystems 
Controls and procedures are in place to maintain integrity of system access and data content. The use of IT is a core part of the way Amey operates. Investment in IT ensures that there is constant development to deliver least cost, improved performance and to ensure a safe workplace. 
Intemal audit 
The scope of the Internal Audit function Includes reporting on operational, commerclal, and financial controls across the whole Group, including mobilisation monitoring. Health, safety and quality audits are also in place as a fundamental part of the risk management process. In addition to Arney's Internal Audit function, the Group's parent company carries out audits to assess the adequacy and effectiveness of internal controls over the key risks faced by the Group and reports Its findings to management.
