Corporate Governance 
Good corporate governance is fundamental to the way the Company and the Board conduct business. For the year ended 31 December 2019, under The Companies (Miscellaneous Reporting) Regulations 2018, the Company has applied the Wates Corporate Governance Principles for Large Private Companies. Details of how the Board has applied those principles are set out below. 
Principle 1 - Purpose and Leadership 
The Board is accountable for the long-term sustainable success of the Company and sets the "tone from the top". On an annual basis, the strategy for the Company is considered and approved by the Board. The Board receives regular updates throughout the year on the execution of that strategy from the Chief Executive Officer and, where relevant, other Executive Directors and seeks to ensure that the Company has the necessary financial and human resources to deliver the strategy. In fulfilling its duties, the Board is also responsive to regulatory requirements and the wider regulatory environment. 
The core values at the heart of the Company's strategy and for the wider Aon Group derive from the Aon United mindset. Aon United is Aon's way of working together within and across solution lines and geographies to bring the best of the firm to clients. The Aon United mindset and behaviours drive better client outcomes, accelerate the growth of the firm and create more opportunity for colleagues. The Aon United Blueprint is focused around four key pillars:
Client value creation: Delivering Aon United to better understand the unique needs of clients, deliver on the Aon Client Promise commitment and help colleagues better articulate the value Aon creates; 
Colleague mission: The Aon Impact Model sets the behaviour expectations and leverages Aon's diverse capabilities and shared values to ensure colleagues are shaping a distinctive and high-performing Aon United culture; 
Innovation at scale: The New Ventures Group accelerates net-new innovation on behalf of clients and expands Aon's addressable market; and 
• Aon Business Services capitalises on the benefits of scale across the Aon Group to drive further operational excellence and provide client-facing colleagues more capability and opportunity to address client need. 
The Company seeks to develop solutions and strategies for clients, working with markets and finding ways to be creative whilst driving simplicity, leveraging scale, removing duplication and automating processes. At the heart of the Company's and the wider Aon Group's strategy is a focus on people to enhance colleagues' "Aon IQ" to ensure more solutions are brought to clients. As part of this initiative talent is enabled through development of strategies across the business including secondments, joint initiatives and building Aon United leaders for the future, with investment in a diverse workforce and the creation of an agile and inclusive environment. 
To help colleagues to understand how to live and work as Aon United, the Aon Impact Model has been developed which provides tangible, clear guidance on how colleagues can enhance their impact, develop and perform in alignment with the firm's expectations, and live the shared values every day. The model helps colleagues to live the firm's values by encouraging them to act with integrity, to trust and support one another, and work together as one. 
The Company is focused on two-way communications with colleagues, to ensure colleagues are kept informed of key information and updates, but also feel listened to. The communications strategy seeks to reduce noise, create time for strategic planning, client engagement and colleague development and to ensure all colleagues remain fully engaged with corporate initiatives and developments. Leaders promote these matters through a wide range of activities including town halls, podcasts, road shows and other internal communications, including a bi-weekly newsletter. During 2019 Aon held three Aon United Days, with one for colleagues, one for communities and one for clients. These days bring colleagues across Aon together to enhance their colleague experience, contribute to the communities Aon is a part of, and generate learnings on how Aon can bring more value to its clients through Aon United. Further to this following the outbreak of the Coronavirus there have been extensive communications for colleagues with regular video updates from senior leaders, email updates, intranet news stories and Yammer discussions to support colleagues from both a work and well-being perspective. To capture feedback, the Company has hosted virtual focus groups with small clusters of UK colleagues and has also encouraged UK-based colleagues to respond to a global Pulse survey. 
Several years ago, the Company launched a cultural and communications initiative in the UK called "The Way We DO Business", a programme designed to ensure that colleagues are aware of, and engaged with, their responsibilities through consistent communications. The Way We DO Business helps ensure fair treatment of clients and colleagues remain at the centre of the Company's decision making. 
Alignment of the Company's culture with its purpose and values is critical to its competitive advantage, and vital to the creation and protection of long-term value. Fundamental to establishing a healthy culture is the effective management of conduct_ risk. The Company manages conduct risk through the following five principal areas, collectively known as the Conduct Agenda:



Culture and behaviours: The Company seeks to ensure colleagues are appropriately trained and skilled and it expects them to act in line with Aon's Code of Business Conduct. 
(b) Strategy and business model: The Company designs its products and services with its clients first and foremost in its mind and seeks to ensure its business partners maintain high standards of customer service. 
(c) Systems and processes: The Company seeks to communicate with its clients clearly and fairly- to deliver its products and services to more than meet clients' expectations; to safeguard clients' data; and to manage complaints quickly when they arise and to help clients get their claims paid efficiently. 
(d) Managing key risks to the business: The Company seeks to manage any conflicts of interest effectively and if things do go wrong to learn from these. 
(e) Governance and accountability: Through the governance framework adopted by the Company, the Board seeks to ensure: that the Company's products and solutions are fit for purpose and address clients' needs; that colleagues are clear on what they are accountable for in their day to day roles; and that the organisation actively considers the performance of its products and colleagues. By linking performance management with reward and incentive structures and through the Consequence Management Framework and the Company's training and competence regime, the Board seeks to ensure that the right mechanisms are in place to address both good and poor conduct, behaviour and performance and that colleague actions and conduct underpin the organisational culture within the Company. The Conduct Committee (further referenced in the Principal Risk section in the Strategic Report and below under principle 4) provides ongoing monitoring of conduct both at an individual and corporate level. The composition of the Committee ensures there is oversight and challenge on conduct matters across the business and provides regular reporting and updates to the Board and its committees. 
The Company's Conduct Agenda is closely aligned to the Aon Impact Model and its core principles of 'Act with Integrity' and 'Bring our Best', together with the core values of the Aon United mindset. 
Effective conduct risk management benefits all stakeholders by ensuring that the Company engages with clients in a clear and transparent way, and helps to maintain market integrity and fair competition, whilst helping to drive Aon's ambitious growth strategy. 
Principle 2 - Board Composition 
The Board comprises an independent Non-Executive Chairman and three other independent Non-Executive Directors (each a NED) together with six executive Directors (the Chief Executive Officer (CEO), the Chief Risk Officer, the Chief Operating Officer, the Chief Finance Officer and two senior leaders from the business). The size and composition of the Board and its Committees are deemed appropriate given the scale and complexity of the Company. 
The separation of the roles of the Chairman and the CEO helps to ensure that the balance of responsibilities, accountabilities and decision making across the Company are maintained effectively. 
The Chairman is responsible for the leadership of the Board and ensuring its effectiveness, and can escalate matters to the Chief Executive Officer of the ultimate parent company, Aon pie. The Board has also appointed a Senior Independent Director who, amongst other duties, provides a sounding board for the Chairman and for concerns raised by the other Directors or other stakeholders. The Chief Executive Officer reports to the Board and is responsible, with the support of the executive team, for running the Company's business and the development of business strategies for approval by the Board. In addition, one NED has been given a particular role designation by the Board in terms of placing an additional focus on colleagues and colleague interests and another NED has been designated as the independent contact point for colleagues in respect of any Whistleblowing.
All Directors have one vote and decisions are reached by majority following review and comprehensive challenge at Board meetings, with the NEDs adding experience and wider perspective to that process, as well as independent judgement. The Board will review NED independence each year, taking into consideration any circumstances which might impair independence. 
Board composition is monitored by a Nominations Committee which is tasked with assisting the Board to discharge its responsibilities around ensuring a balanced and appropriately skilled Board, including NED succession planning. In making Director appointment recommendations the Nominations Committee considers a number of matters including the need for a balance and diversity of skills, backgrounds, experience and knowledge. The Nominations Committee also regularly reviews executive succession planning and makes recommendations to the Board in that regard. In order to ensure Directors have sufficient time capacity to make a valuable contribution, for new NED appointments the Nominations Committee will be given an indication of the individual's other significant time commitments. In addition, all Board members are required to advise the Board before taking on material new external appointments. 
The Board periodically commissions an externally-facilitated Board effectiveness review to ensure that the Board and Committees continue to function effectively. 
Principle 3 - Director Responsibilities 
The Board has established a number of Committees to assist with its oversight and which report back to the Board regularly. These include an Audit Committee, the Risk & Compliance Committee, a Nominations Committee and a Remuneration Committee, the latter of which was established during 2019. Each Committee's responsibilities and escalation routes are clearly defined in the relevant Committee terms of reference agreed by the Board and each is chaired by a NED. 
The Board meets formally at least seven times annually and all Directors are expected to attend meetings of the Board and any Committees on which they serve. In 2019, the Board met ten times and a strategy review session was held in October 2019. Meetings are carefully structured to help the Board and the various Committees discharge their duties; agendas are reviewed and agreed with the respective chairs and members and attendees receive meeting papers sufficiently in advance of meetings. The management information provided to meetings seeks to ensure that members and attendees are kept abreast of any matters relevant to the role of the Board or Committee and there are systems and controls in place to ensure the integrity of that information. 
The Board has established its own terms of reference. These articulate how Board meetings will operate and specify those matters which are reserved solely for Board decision. All Directors can seek independent professional advice in support of their duties at the Company's expense. 
Board and Committee meetings are carefully minuted to capture the challenge brought to bear in Board meetings, including the independent challenge of the NEDs. The NEDs also meet without management present from time to time, including at Senior Independent Director meetings. In addition, on any future NED resignation the departing NED will be asked if they wish to supply a written leaving statement, so any concerns can be expressed formally. 
The management and leadership framework implemented in response to the FCA's Senior Managers & Certification Regime, to which the Company is subject through its regulated status, further defines the accountabilities of Board members (and senior managers). For example, certain key roles on the Board and Committees (together with other senior manager positions) have a Statement of Responsibilities allocated to them which defines the key elements of the role to which they are subject. 
Day-to-day management of the business is delegated to the Chief Executive Officer who is empowered to sub-delegate responsibilities and such delegations are set out within a framework of executive licences. In addition, a series of management committees have been established to assist the CEO, including an Executive Committee under which there is a network of further executive and enterprise risk management committees. This network of Board and management committees seeks to extend good governance throughout the organisation.



Principle 4 - Opportunity and Risk 
Managing risk enables the Company to continually deliver on its corporate objectives and strategy. It also assists in seeking to minimise undesired consequences and maximise on opportunities. 
The Company has an established Enterprise Risk Management (ERM) framework which seeks to proactively identify, assess, manage and monitor risks in a simple yet impactful manner, adding value to the day to day management of the Company. This is embedded in the Company's approach to risk management which aims to provide an appropriate governance structure with policies and business processes to manage risks within appetite to ensure quick escalation and remediation of any breaches. The risk management team, under the leadership of the Chief Risk Officer, works closely with the business to provide clear, relevant and up to date guidance to the business on a regular basis to enable the business to better serve its clients. During 2019 a number of programmes were initiated to address key risks including ensuring the Company was appropriately positioned in relation to Brexit and the political climate in the UK, implementation of the SM&CR framework and enhancements to the data privacy processes in line with requirements under GDPR. 
The Board has agreed a Risk Appetite statement which provides a 'top down' structure for articulating the Company's risk appetite which is described through four types of detrimental impact to the organisation: Financial, Reputational, Clients & Markets and Regulatory. The Risk Appetite statement provides the framework against which the Board assesses the Company's Top Tier Risks and allows for the assessment of any operational risk impacts within each of the four categories. The Risk Appetite Statement is applied across the different business solution lines where it is specifically tailored to each business and reflected in the reporting through the business line governance meetings. 
In addition to reporting against an identified set of Top Tier Risks, part of the ongoing risk management activity is focused on Emerging Risks with regular updates reported through the Risk & Compliance Committee and the Executive Committee. 
Risk assessments are routinely conducted around 'extreme scenarios' to ensure compliance with the FCA's Threshold Condition (COND) rules, specifically COND 2.4 which requires the Company to ensure it holds appropriate financial and non-financial resources by which to manage risk. The financial and non-financial impacts of extreme scenarios are considered to assess the capital holding requirements for the business. 
Risk oversight is managed by a number of different processes. In addition to the oversight effected at Board and Committee meetings, procedures and internal controls are in place that create a framework to control the risks the business faces. It is crucial that everyone takes responsibility for managing risk and, because of that, attitude to risk forms part of colleagues' performance assessment and part of the Company's recruitment process. 
The Audit Committee and the Risk & Compliance Committee assist the Board with its oversight responsibilities for internal controls and for risk identification and mitigation. Both Committees are chaired by a NED and receive regular reports from relevant areas of the business including deep dive reports into areas where further oversight is required. 
The role of the Audit Committee, which meets at least quarterly, is to assist the Board with assurance around financial reporting, capital structure, the financial control environment, financial risks, internal audit coverage and external audit effectiveness. 
The role of the Risk & Compliance Committee, which meets at least eight times a year, is to assist the Board with ensuring: 
• • • • • • 
the Company complies with relevant legal and regulatory requirements; performance remains within risk appetite; 
the risk and control environment is monitored for all categories of risk; risk and control improvement actions are reviewed and challenged; the Board is advised of emerging risks and any future actions required; and the risk culture within the Company is monitored.



The Risk & Compliance Committee has also constituted a Financial Crime Risk Committee (FCRC). The FCRC's focus is to oversee the effective management and application of the firm's risk appetite across the 6 key components of financial crime comprising : Fraud; Bribery & corruption; Anti-money laundering; Insider dealing & market abuse; Sanctions & trade restrictions; and Prevention of the facilitation of tax evasion. 
Product risk is overseen by a Product Oversight and Governance Committee which meets regularly to oversee, review and approve new and existing propositions (comprising products, initiatives and services) as defined in accordance with the Company's Product Oversight and Governance policy. This Committee reports to the Executive Committee. 
Conduct risk is overseen by the Conduct Committee which meets regularly to review conduct and the performance of colleagues across the business and to identify where specific action is required. It oversees both corporate and individual conduct and escalates concerns back to senior business leaders and where relevant other governance forums. It also makes recommendations to the Board's Remuneration Committee in respect of conduct-related matters that merit a material remuneration impact. 
Through the Internal Audit risk assessment process potential audit projects are identified and executed over a multi-year period. A complementary assurance planning process is also undertaken by Risk and Compliance to supplement this work. Output from these reviews is fed back to both management and the Board. In 2019 Internal Audit established a risk culture assessment framework to enhance their audit process across the organisation and to provide a mechanism to assess and monitor the organisation's risk culture over time. This framework is being rolled out during 2020, with the intention that feedback from this assessment will be included in the applicable Internal Audit reports to management. 
The risk management process extends beyond financial and business risk to the wider range of operational risks and during 2019 the Chief Operating Officer initiated a dedicated programme to further enhance operational resilience. The Strategic Report section of the Annual Report contains further detailed information regarding the principal risks and uncertainties facing the Company and its business. 
Principle 5 - Remuneration 
The Board promotes good governance around remuneration matters aligned to the sustainable long-term success of the Company. The structure of Company within the Aon Group of companies means that the primary responsibility for setting remuneration policy is at the ultimate parent company level (Aon pie). 
Good governance around remuneration is promoted in a wide range of ways, including as follows: 
Remuneration reviews for Directors and senior managers seek to ensure that their remuneration is aligned with business performance, behaviours and the achievement of Company purpose, values and strategy;  Engagement takes place on executive remuneration by the Chairman liaising with key Group stakeholders;  
Historically, the NEDs have provided input at Nominations Committee meetings, to the CEO in respect of senior management remuneration, and to the Chairman in respect of the CEO remuneration, and overall the Nominations Committee reviewed compensation structures at a high level. These duties now fall within the Remuneration Committee (described further below); and 
• Frameworks have been adopted to recognise both bad and good conduct, historically through the Tone & Culture Committee, and more recently through the Conduct Committee.



Colleagues, including senior management, are remunerated in a variety of ways including annual salaries, pension benefits, healthcare benefits, performance-linked incentives, and share-based compensation. 
The Board constituted a Remuneration Committee in November 2019 to support it in its oversight of remuneration matters. The Remuneration Committee is comprised solely of NEDs and its remit is to maintain oversight of the structuring of Director and senior executive remuneration, together with maintaining oversight of conduct-related impacts on remuneration imposed by the Conduct Committee and to review remuneration policies and structure to ensure these are in line with the FCA requirements. 
There is a clear linkage, under the Company's Consequence Management Framework, between the Conduct Committee and the Remuneration Committee, with the Conduct Committee providing proposals to the Remuneration Committee on conduct-related remuneration impacts. The Remuneration Committee challenges the decisions of the Conduct Committee, for example if the Remuneration Committee concludes that an appropriate outcome was not reached in respect of the remuneration impact following a conduct issue. This linkage under the Consequence Management Framework was in place for the Q1 2020 annual remuneration round. 
Principle 6 - Stakeholders 
The Board seeks to align the Company's strategic direction with its overall purpose and its stakeholders' views are a key component of the Board's decision making. Stakeholder matters are regularly reported to the Board through the CEO Report (for example in respect of Clients, Colleagues, Community, Diversity & Inclusion). The CEO reporting template that is used for such Board reporting purposes was expanded and enhanced during 2019. In addition, the Directors escalate stakeholder matters directly to the Board where appropriate. Further commentary in regard to the Company's key stakeholders is as follows: 
Shareholder and the Aon Group: As a wholly-owned entity within the Aon Group of Companies, Board members regularly engage with Group leaders to ensure that the wider group aspirations for the business are fully understood and built into the Company's strategy and approach, embodying the Aon United principles. This engagement covers a range of forms and formats, with the Chairman and the CEO in particular holding meetings with Group-level stakeholders and counterparts. The Committee Chairs also liaise with Group representatives and counterparts from time to time. 
Clients and Markets: The Company seeks to ensure that it conducts business in a manner which engages with clients in a clear, fair, and transparent way whilst maintaining market integrity and fair competition. Focus is on achieving good client outcomes and managing operational resilience to a standard that aims to limit detrimental impact to clients. The Company's strategy is executed around core values which are focused on delivering excellence across the client base with the Aon Client Promise defining the way colleagues work together with our clients, what they can expect from Aon and the value Aon delivers. Aon offers industryleading experience and provides comprehensive and tailored solutions to its clients, resulting in a distinctive service that delivers superior client value. The Aon United Day for Clients helps Aon to focus on the way it engages with clients through events that are organised across the business with all colleagues being invited to participate. The Company is also an active member of the London & International Insurance Brokers' Association and the British Insurance Brokers' Association which represent the interests of insurance brokers to both governments and regulators and help to ensure effective and proportionate regulatory frameworks. 
Regulators: As a financial services business the Company operates in a highly regulated environment and does so in a way which observes local law and regulation. The Company has an open and transparent working relationship with the FCA which involves regular meetings with the FCA Supervisory team and proactively engages with all regulators on key initiatives.
Colleagues: Feedback from colleagues is encouraged through a number of different processes and forums. Colleague satisfaction is measured through an annual engagement survey, the results of which are reviewed by management with the conclusions from that review reported to Board. Each business division agrees a specific plan to address key issues highlighted in the survey. Colleagues' interests are also addressed in the standing CEO report to the Board and are regularly considered in the discussions held at Board meetings. In addition, the Board has appointed a designated colleague-focused NED to ensure particular focus on colleague engagement. For more on how Aon engages with colleagues see the 'Colleague Engagement' section below. 
Pension trustees: As the sponsor of several defined benefit pension schemes in the UK, the Company engages with the trustees of the schemes on a regular basis and seeks to maintain open and transparent communications. The Company works collaboratively with the trustees to reduce pension risk whilst maintaining the best outcomes for the members of the pension schemes. The Board is updated on relevant pension matters regularly and the pension governance framework seeks to ensure appropriate oversight and monitoring of pension risk. The CFO regularly attends trustee meetings to keep the trustees updated on the financial performance of both the Company and the wider Aon Group. 
Suppliers: Establishing trusted relationships with suppliers is critical to Aon's ability to deliver on the needs of clients, colleagues, and communities. The products and services suppliers provide enable the Company to effectively meet those requirements. Aon seeks to work with suppliers who provide the best combination of capability, capacity, quality, and price to meet the needs of the business. Building trusted partnerships starts with integrity. Aon colleagues and suppliers alike are bound to Aon's Code of Business Conduct. 
The rigour applied to supplier selection and the ongoing supplier management process ensures that all involved parties' interests are maintained. Aon is committed to developing partnerships with a diverse range of suppliers who value relationships and strive to do their best each day. The Company has a Supplier Risk & Governance Framework which sets out minimum expectations around the selection, on-boarding and management of suppliers and which seeks to ensure consistency in process and protection. Aon remains committed to maintaining a culture of integrity, transparency and accountability and seeks to ensure compliance with all applicable laws in relation to its business and supply chain. Aon expects the same commitment from its suppliers, agents and joint ventures in relation to their businesses and supply chains. The Company's statement pursuant to section 54 of the Modem Slavery Act 2015, which is available on the Company's website, describes Aon's ongoing commitment towards the prevention of modern slavery and human trafficking in the firm's supply chains and business. 
Social responsibility and the Community: Aon empowers results for colleagues, clients and communities. Its role as a corporate citizen is to give back to the communities in which Aon colleagues live and work. In the UK the focus is on three areas - the community, diversity & inclusion and the environment: 
• Community - Aon's community programme "Aon at One with the Community'' encourages colleagues to become involved in supporting local communities in a variety of ways including mentoring and volunteering. The Aon Foundation is the principal vehicle for Aon's charitable donations and Aon colleagues help choose three charities that are supported by the Foundation every two years. Aon colleagues find ways to support local communities through individual volunteering and by participating in the annual Aon United Day for Communities. 
• Diversity & Inclusion (D&I) -Aon leaders seek to drive a respectful and inclusive culture where everyone feels valued and able to be themselves at work. For more on this see the 'Diversity at Aon' section below. 
• The environment - The Company is part of the Aon Group of Companies which recognises the importance of its environmental responsibilities and is committed to reducing its impact on the environment. Since 2009 Aon has had a sustainability strategy led by Aon's Head of Sustainability. The strategy is supported by both operational and product strategies including an energy management strategy and membership in the ClimateWise initiative for the insurance industry. The Group generally monitors its impact on the environment and a detailed annual statement is included in the consolidated Aon pie Group Financial Statements. 
Further details on the Corporate Responsibility www.aon.com/unitedkingdom/about-aon/corporate-responsibility. 
initiative at Aon can be found at
