Corporate Governance Principle l - Purpose and Leadership Risk is inherent in every business, and how well a business manages risk can ultimately determine its success. We face a 
number of risks, including economic risks, competitive risks, financial risks, legal and regulatory risks, cybersecurity risks, and others. Management is responsible for the day-to-day management of risks that we face, while the Board, as a whole and through its committees, has responsibility for the oversight of risk management. In its risk oversight role, the Board has the responsibility to ensure that the risk management processes designed and implemented by management are adequate and functioning as designed.
The Board believes that establishing the right "tone at the top" and full and open communication between management and 
the Board are essential for effective risk management and oversight. The Board receives presentations from senior management on strategic and risk enterprise matters involving the Company. In addition, senior management attends Board meetings and is available to address any questions or concerns raised by the Board related to risk management and any other matters. 
While the Board is ultimately responsible for our risk oversight, the committees of the Board assist the Board in fulfilling its 
oversight responsibilities in certain areas of risk. The Board believes that its oversight ofrisks, primarily through delegation of primary responsibility to committees to oversee 
specific risks within their areas of responsibility and expertise, and the sharing of infonnation with the full Board, is appropriate for a company like Aon. The chair of each committee that oversees risk provides a summary of the matters discussed with the committee to the full Board following each committee meeting. The minutes of each committee meeting are also provided to all Board members. 
The core values at the heart of the strategy of the Company is our Aon United strategy. Aon United is our way of working 
together within and across solution lines and geographies to bring the best of the finn to clients. We believe that an Aon United mindset and behaviors drive better client outcomes, accelerate the growth of ourfinn and create more opportunity forourcolleagues; and our Aon United Blueprint is how we bring the best of Aon to clients and drive sustainable growth for our firm. 
The Aon United Blueprint is focused around four key pillars: 
Client value creation: delivering Aon United to better understand the unique needs of our clients, deliver on our Client Promise commitment and help colleagues better articulate the value Aon creates. 
Colleague mission: the Aon Impact Model sets the behavior expectations leverages Aon 's diverse capabilities and shared values to ensure colleagues are shaping a distinctive and high-perfonning Aon United culture. 
Innovation at scale: our New Ventures Group accelerates net-new innovation on behalf of clients and expands Aon's addressable market. 
Client Service Delivery: Aon Business Services capitalizes on the benefits of scale to drive further operational excellence and provide client-facing colleagues more capability and opportunity to address client need. 
As a Company, we develop solutions and strategies for clients, working with markets and finding ways to be creative whilst 
driving simplicity, leveraging scale, removing duplication and automating our processes. At the heart of our strategy is a focus on our people: we aim to improve colleagues "Aon IQ" to ensure more solutions are brought to clients, we enable talent through development strategies across the business including secondments,joint initiatives and building Aon United leaders for the future, and we invest in a diverse workforce and create an agile and inclusive environment. 
To help colleagues to understand how to live and work as Aon United, the Aon Impact Model has been developed which 
provides tangible, clear guidance on how colleagues can enhance their impact, develop and perfonn in alignment with the finn's expectations, and live the shared values every day. The model helps colleagues to live the finn 's values by encouraging them to act with integrity, to trust and support one another, and work together as one. 
We focus colleague communications on the issues that matter and reduce noise, create time for strategic planning, client 
engagement and colleague development. Leaders promote these values through a range ofactivities including town halls and other internal communications. During 2019 Aon held three Aon United Days, one for each of our colleagues, our communities and our clients. These days bring colleagues together to enhance their Aon colleague experience, contribute to communities we are part of, and learn how we can bring more value to our clients via Aon United. Alignment of the Aon culture with its purpose and values is critical to the Company's competitive advantage, and vital to the creation and protection of long-tenn value. 
Principle 2 - Board Composition The Board comprises an independent Non-Executive Chainnan, nine other independent Non-Executive Directors (each a 
NED), and one executive director (the Chief Executive Officer (CEO). The size and composition of the Board and its Committees are deemed appropriate given the scale and complexity of the Company. 
Aon 's Corporate Governance Guidelines require that it have a majority of directors who meet the categorical independence 
standards adopted by the Board, which must meet or exceed the independence requirements of the NYSE corporate governance standards. The Governance Guidelines further provide that each of the Audit Committee, Governance/Nominating Committee, and Compensation Committee be composed entirely of independent directors.



The Board believes the separation of the positions of Chief Executive Officer and Chairman is the appropriate structure at 
this time as it allows the Chief Executive Officer to focus on the management of the Company and the Chairman to ensure that the Board is focused on its oversight responsibilities, including independent oversight of management. 
Principle 3 - Director Responsibilities The Board has established a number of committees to assist with its oversight and which report back to the Board regularly. 
These include the Audit Committee, the Organization and Compensation Committee, the Governance/Nominating Committee, the Finance Committee, and the Compliance Sub-Committee, which is a sub-committee of the Audit Committee. Each committee's responsibilities are set forth in its committee charter. The Board ofDirectors is governed by its Corporate Governance Procedures. 
The Board met seven times in 2019 and acted by unanimous written consent on one occasion. All nominees for director who 
served as a director in 2019 attended at least 75% (seventy-five percent) of the total meetings of the Board and committees of the Board on which they served. 
In accordance with NYSE rules and the Governance Guidelines, non-management directors meet regularly in executive session 
without management. Mr. Knight chairs these executive sessions. The Board has established five standing committees: the Executive Committee, the Audit Committee, the Finance Committee, 
the Governance/Nominating Committee and the Organization and Compensation Committee. The Board has also established the Compliance Sub-Committee as a standing sub-committee of the Audit Committee. 
Executive Committee When the Board is not in session, the Executive Committee is empowered to exercise the power and authority in the management 
of the business and affairs of Aon as would be exercised by the Board, subject to certain exceptions. The Executive Committee acted by unanimous written consent on four occasions in 2019. 
Audit Committee The primary purposes of the Audit Committee are to assist the Board with the oversigfilof: (i) the integrity of Aon's financial 
statements and financial reporting process; (ii) Aon's compliance with legal and regulatory requirements and ethics programs established by management and the Board; (iii) the engagement of Aon's independent auditor, and its qualifications, independence and performance; (iv) subject to the provisions of the Act, the appointment and performance of Aon's U .K. statutory auditor as required under the Act; and (v) the performance of Aon 's internal audit function. In discharging this role, the Audit Committee is authorized to retain outside counsel or other experts as it deems appropriate to carry out its duties and responsibilities. 
The Board has also delegated to the Audit Committee the primary responsibility for the oversight of the Company's risk 
management. The charter of the Audit Committee provides that the Audit Committee will discuss guidelines and policies with respect to the Company's risk assessment and risk management, including the major financial risk exposures facing the Company and the steps management has taken to monitor and control such exposures. The Audit Committee also has primary responsibility for oversight of cybersecurity risk and engages in regular discussion with management regarding cybersecurity risk mitigation and incident management. The Audit Committee also has general oversight responsibility for the Company's legal, regulatory, and ethics policies and programs and annually reviews the adequacy of those policies and programs, including Aon 's Code of Business Conduct. In addition, the Audit Committee periodically reviews with management any material correspondence with, 
. or other action by, regulators or governmental agencies. In 2019, the Audit Committee met nine times. The Board has determined that each of the members of the Audit Committee 
is independent as defined by the rules of the NYSE and under the Company's categorical independence standards, as well as Rule 1 0A-3 under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the "Exchange Act"). In addition, as required by the rules of the NYSE, the Board has determined that all of the Audit Committee members are financially literate, and that Mr. Losh, Mr. Campbell, and Mr. Conti are "audit committee financial experts" within the meaning of rules promulgated by the SEC. 
Compliance Sub-Committee In light of the breadth and number of responsibilities that the Audit Committee must oversee, and the importance of the 
evaluation and management of risk related to our compliance programs and policies, the Board formed the Compliance SubCommittee, a standing sub-committee of the Audit Committee. The primary responsibilities of the Compliance Sub-Committee are to: (i) oversee matters of non-financial compliance, including Aon's implementation of compliance programs, policies, and procedures that are designed to be responsive to the compliance and regulatory risks facing Aon; (ii) assist the Audit Committee in fulfilling its oversight responsibilities for our compliance and ethics programs, policies, and procedures; and (iii) perform any other duties as directed by the Audit Committee or the Board. The Compliance Sub-Committee reports regularly to the Audit Committee and the Board regarding its activities. 
Each member of the Compliance Sub-Committee is independent as defined in the independence standards of the NYSE. The Compliance Sub-Committee met four times during 2019. Finance Committee The Finance Committee is responsible for assisting the Board with monitoring and overseeing Aon 's balance sheet, including 
Aon's capital management strategy, capital structure, investments, returns, and related policies. The Finance Committee also reviews certain proposed mergers, acquisitions, divestitures, and strategic and passive investments in accordance with policies established by the Board. In addition, the Finance Committee oversees the financial, investment, and actuarial policies and objectives of Aon's U.S. tax-qualified defined benefit plans, reviews the investment performance ofnon-U.S. benefit and retirement plans, and reviews Aon 's major insurance programs. 
Each member of the Finance Committee is independent as defined in the independence standards of the NYSE. The Finance 
Committee met seven times during 2019. Governance/Nominating Committee The Governance/Nominating Committee oversees the risks associated with Aon's.overall governance and: (i) identifies and 
recommends to the Board candidates for service on the Board; (ii) reviews and recommends the re-nomination of incumbent directors for each annual general meeting; (iii) reviews and recommends Board committee appointments; and (iv) leads the annual performance evaluation of the Board and its committees. In addition, the Governance/Nominating Committee develops and recommends the Governance Guidelines to the Board, reviews related party transactions, and annually reviews compliance with share ownership guidelines. 
Each member of the Governance/Nominating Committee is independent as defined in the independence standards of the 
NYSE. The Governance/Nominating Committee met four times during 2019. Organization and Compensation Committee The Organization and Compensation Committee assists the Board in carrying out its overall responsibilities with regard to 
executive compensation, including oversight of the determination and administration of our compensation philosophy, policies, programs, and plans for executive officers and non-management directors. The Compensation Committee annually reviews and determines the compensation of Aon's executive officers, including the Chief Executive Officer, subject to the input of the independent members of the Board. The Compensation Committee consults with the Chief Executive Officer on, and directly approves, the compensation of other executive officers, including special hiring and severance arrangements. 
The Compensation Committee administers the Amended and Restated Aon pie 2011 Incentive Plan (and its predecessor plans) 
(the "Shareholder-Approved Plan"), including granting equity ( other than awards to the Chief Executive Officer, which awards are approved by the independent members of the Board) and interpreting the Shareholder-Approved Plan, and has certain settlor responsibilities with respect to our other U.S. employee benefit programs. In addition, the Compensation Committee reviews and makes recommendations to the Board concerning non-management director compensation and amendments to U.S. employee benefit plans or equity plans. The Compensation Committee reviews and discusses the compensation disclosures contained in the proxy statement and the U.K. directors' remuneration report, including the directors' remuneration policy. As part of these duties, the Compensation Committee reviews the risks associated with Aon 's compensation practices, including an annual review of Aon's risk assessment of its compensation policies and practices for its employees. The Compensation Committee also reviews and monitors the Company's policies and practices with respect to diversity, inclusion, and equal employment opportunity. 
Board and Committee meetings are carefully minuted to capture the challenge brought to bear in Board meetings, including 
the independent challenge of the NEDs. The NEDs also meet without management present from time to time. Day-to-day management of the business is delegated to the Chief Executive Officer. 
Principle 4 - Opportunity and Risk Information related to the opportunities for the Company and its business is incorporated herein by reference to the Likely 
Future Developments section of the Strategic Report contained in this report.



Information related to the risks faced by the Company and its business is incorporated herein by reference to the Principal 
Risks and Uncertainties section the of Strategic Report contained in this report. Principle 5 - Remuneration Information related to the Directors' remuneration is incorporated herein by reference to the Directors' Remuneration Report 
contained in this report. Principle 6 - Stakeholders The Board seeks to align the Company's strategic direction with its overall purpose and our stakeholders' views are a key 
component of the Board's decision making. Stakeholder matters are regularly reported to the Board through the CEO Report (for example in respect of Clients, Colleagues, Community, Diversity & Inclusion). The CEO reporting template that is used for Board reporting purposes was expanded and enhanced during 2019. In addition, the Directors escalate stakeholder matters directly to the Board where appropriate. 
Our clients and markets - we seek to ensure that we conduct business in a manner which engages with clients in a clear, fair, 
and transparent way whilst maintaining market integrity and fair competition. We focus on achieving good client outcomes and manage operational resilience to a standard that aims to avoid detrimental impact to clients. Our Company's strategy is executed around core values which are focused on delivering excellence across our client base. The Aon Client Promise defines the way we work together with our clients, what they can expect from us and the value we deliver. Our colleagues act as trusted advisors to clients, focusing on their needs and priorities. We offer industry-leading experience and provide comprehensive and tailored solutions to our clients, resulting in distinctive service that delivers superior client value. Our Aon United Day for Clients helps us focus on the way we engage with clients through events that are organized across the business which all colleagues are invited to participate in. 
Our regulators - as a financial services Company, we operate in a highly regulated environment and do so in a way which 
observes local law and regulation. We have an open and transparent working relationship with all regulators and we proactively engage with them on key initiatives and seek to ensure these are embedded within our business. 
Our colleagues - feedback from colleagues is encouraged through a number of different processes and forums. Colleague 
satisfaction is measured through an annual engagement survey, the results of which are reviewed by the Nominations Committee. Colleagues' interests are also considered regularly at Board meetings, within the standing CEO report to the Board, and are also raised by the other Directors, including through the designated colleague focused NED, placing a particular focus on colleague engagement. F_or more on how we engage with our colleagues, see the Employees section of the Strategic Report contained in this report. 
Our suppliers - establishing trusted relationships with our suppliers is critical to Aon's ability to deliver on the needs of clients, colleagues, and communities. The products and services our suppliers provide enable us to effectively meet those requirements. We seek to work with suppliers who provide the best combination of capability, capacity, quality, and price to meet the Company's needs. Building trusted partnerships starts with integrity. Aon colleagues and suppliers alike are bound to Aon 's Code of Business Conduct. Any breach of the policy has immediate consequences: 
The rigor applied to our supplier selection and ongoing supplier management process ensures that all involved parties' interests are maintained. Aon is committed to developing partnerships with a diverse range of suppliers who value relationships and strive to do their best each day. The Company has a Supplier Risk & Governance Framework which sets out minimum expectations around the selection, on-boarding and management of suppliers and which seeks to ensure consistency in process and protection. We remain committed to maintaining a culture of integrity, transparency and accountability and seek to ensure compliance with all applicable laws in relation to our business and supply chain. We expect the same commitment from our suppliers, agents and joint ventures in relation to their businesses and supply chains. The Company's statement pursuant to section 54 of the Modem Slavery Act 2015 (available on the Company's website) describes our present and ongoing commitment towards the prevention of modem slavery and human trafficking in Aon 's supply chains and business. 
Social responsibility and the Community - Information related to the social responsibilities and the community is incorporated herein by reference to the Social and Community Issues section of the Strategic Report contained in this report. Diversity & Inclusion (D&I) - Information related to Diversity and Inclusion within the Company is incorporated herein by reference to the Employees section of the Strategic Report contained in this report. The environment - Information related to the environment is incorporated herein by reference to the Environment section of the Strategic Report contained in this report.
