The following section provides further information on the Group's governance and how we apply the Wates Governance Principles. Principle 1 - An effective board develops and promotes the purpose of a company, and ensures that its values, strategy and culture align with that purpose. 
We are a dynamic business whose purpose is to maintain and grow our position as a leading multi-channel, diversified platform delivering world class insurance products and services to our customers. Our purpose is supported by our strategy, values and culture. Our strategic ambition and purpose is captured in our 5-year strategic plan that evidences sustainable growth and quality of earnings. Our values are set out in the Ardonagh code of conduct that was rolled-out in February 2019, with implementation facilitated by effective communication and all-employee mandatory training. The code of conduct promotes our expectations regarding the treatment of our customers and colleagues, our standards of professional integrity and personal performance. 
Our Group and Segment Boards and their Committees receive information that helps them consider the culture and conduct within each business. These include reviews by our second and third lines of defence functions, compliance monitoring reports, conduct risk reporting, compliance with Group Policies and Business Standards, and HR reports. Reporting will continue to evolve in 2020. The activities of The Ardonagh Community Trust (see page 26) provides an indirect example of how our values and culture are aligned. In addition, to reinforce embedding of our values, strategy and culture, our remuneration schemes include compliance behaviours and customer outcomes as part of individual and Group-wide scorecards. The scoring across customer, staff and conduct metrics is considered by the Group Risk Committee and the Remuneration Committees. 
Our culture is an essential factor in our success and more detail is provided in the explanation below of how we apply Principle 6 covering stakeholder relations. To support effective decision making the Group Board, its committees and Segment Boards evolve over time and presently are organised as follows: The Group Board The Group Board is responsible to shareholders for creating and delivering sustainable shareholder value through the management of the Group's businesses. It sets the overall strategic direction within the Group's risk appetite and framework of controls. Day-to-day management of the business.is delegated to the CEO who, through his Executive Committee, ensures that the collective vision, policies, culture and behaviour set by the Group Board are effectively communicated and embedded across the Ardonagh Group. This is further supported by proactive employee engagement through line management and a variety of channels including email, the intranet (including our weekly magazine Connect), town hall style meetings, engagement surveys, team meetings, online training and effective policies and business standards that have appropriate management owners across the Ardonagh Group. The core activities of the Group Board and its Committees are planned and approved on an annual basis. Meeting agendas are set well in advance and take into account the activities and issues that fall within the scope and responsibilities of the Group Board, including matters reserved for the Group Board and the terms of reference of its Committees and the Segment Boards. The Chairman sets the agenda and ensures appropriate time is spent by the Group Board to consider and discuss strategic issues, deep dives to focus on specific areas of our business, performance and oversight and risk and regulatory matters. The Group Board and its Committees are supplied with regular, comprehensive and timely information that enables them to discharge their duties effectively. This includes regular reporting on Group and Segment performance against plan, strategic issues (including new business initiatives and acquisition and disposal strategy), financial reporting, management of key risks, people developments, corporate governance, legal and regulatory matters, liquidity and other operational matters. All directors are encouraged to, and do, make further enquiries of the Executive Directors and Ardonagh Group senior management team members whenever necessary, and have access to the services of the Group Company Secretary. There is a procedure in place for Directors to take independent professional advice in the course of their duties, if they judge this to be necessary, at the Ardonagh Group's expense. The Board met six times during 2019 and participated in two update calls. A number of sub-committee meetings were also held to discuss specific matters authorised by the Board. In addition, The Group Board passed three Written Resolutions during the reporting period. When a Director is unable to participate in a meeting either in person or remotely, the Chairman will solicit their views on key items of business prior to the meeting, in order that these can be presented at the meeting and be taken into account. Periodically, the Chairman holds discussion sessions with the Non-Executive Directors without the Executive Directors being present.



 
Segment Boards During 2019 we proactively evolved the Group's governance structure in line with our strategic ambitions, reflecting the diversification of our businesses and presence as a leading insurance intermediary operating in a highly regulated environment. This involved establishing holding company boards (Segment Boards) for each of our operating segments (Segments), namely Insurance Broking, Retail, MGA, Schemes & Programmes, Specialty & International and Paymentshield. The Composition of each Segment Board includes at least one independent director, a Group Board representative director and the Segment CEO and CFO as members. The Segment Boards exercise oversight and challenge over the execution of their respective annual plans and the effective management of risk. Segment Boards have each established a Risk & Audit Committee. Segment specific remuneration matters are either dealt with through the Segment Board or delegated to a Segment Remuneration Committee. The Segment Boards and Committees have all adopted appropriate terms of references _tailored from a common standard and operate within clearly defined delegated authorities as set out in the Group's Delegated Authority Framework. A clear escalation policy ensures material matters are escalated to the Group Executive Committee and Group Board on a timely basis. Each Segment Board and Committee has an annual agenda plan which is reviewed and approved each year. 
The Segment Boards and their Risk & Audit Committees meet quarterly, with ad-hoe meetings when required. The Segment Remuneration Committees will meet at least twice a year and as and when required to consider matters within their remits and to make recommendations as appropriate to the Segment Boards and Group Remuneration Committee. 
Group Board Committees The Group Board has delegated specific responsibilities to five standing Committees. These are the Audit Committee, Group Risk Committee, Remuneration Committee, Nomination Committee and Investment Committee. The Group Board retains ultimate responsibility for the matters within the scope of the Committees, which are set out in their terms of reference. The terms of reference for each Committee are subject to annual review and any amendments are approved by the Group Board. Each Committee has an annual agenda plan which is reviewed and approved each year. 
Audit Committee The members of the Audit Committee are Clive Bouch (Chair), Patrick Butler and Scot French. The Group Board is satisfied that the Committee has adequate recent and relevant financial and business experience to fulfil its responsibilities. The purpose of the Committee is set out in the report from the Chair of the Audit Committee on page 28. The Audit Committee met seven times in 2019, including one joint session with the Group Risk Committee. 
Group Risk Committee The members of the Group Risk Committee are Patrick Butler (Chair), John Tiner, Clive Bouch and Scot French. The Group Board is satisfied that the Committee has relevant risk and compliance experience to fulfil its responsibilities. Its principle purpose is to: • 
consider and recommend to the Group Board, for its approval, the Ardonagh Group's Risk Appetite; 
• monitor and assess the key risks and emerging risks identified by management; • 
review, on behalf of the Group Board, the Ardonagh Group's Risk Profile against Risk Appetite; 
• oversee the management of risk and progress regarding the completion of risk mitigation plans; • review the appropriateness and effectiveness of the Ardonagh Group's Risk Management Framework of governance, systems and controls; and 
• monitor compliance, relevant regulatory issues, the conduct of the Ardonagh Group business and the maintenance of a prudent culture. 
The Group Risk Committee met six times in 2019, including one joint session with the Audit Committee. Each year, the Committee holds an individual meeting with the Chief Risk Officer, who has the right of access at any time to the Chair of the Committee.



 
Remuneration Committee The Remuneration Committee members in 2019 are John Tiner (Chair), Scot French and Vahe Dombalagian. Clive Bouch was appointed to the Committee on 19th March 2020. The Chief Executive, Chief Financial Officer and the Head of Reward attend Committee meetings, however, they do not attend where their individual remuneration is discussed, and no Director is involved in deciding their own remuneration. The principal purpose of the Committee is to: • 
set the over-arching principles and parameters of remuneration policy across the Ardonagh Group; 
• consider and approve the remuneration and performance targets for senior management and Executive Officers and those discharging key functions; 
• consider and approve the remuneration of the Chairman and Executive Directors on the Group Board and to determine the remuneration of the Independent Non-Executive Directors of the Group Board and Segment Boards; 
• approve the award of rights under long term incentive plans and new bonus and incentivisation schemes, including The Ardonagh Group Limited's Management Incentive Plan; 
• approve the terms of and hiring packages for any new hire above limits determined by the Group Board from time to time; and • approve the leaver status and the fair market value for management equity schemes. 
The Remuneration Committee met six times during 2019. Nomination Committee 
The Nomination Committee members are John Tiner (Chair) and Scot French. Its principal purpose is to: • ensure that the Group Board retains an appropriate balance of skills to support the strategic objectives of the Group and has a formal, rigorous and transparent approach to the recruitment of Directors and senior management; 
• ensure there is an effective framework for succession planning for the Group Board and senior management; • review the structure, balance, size, composition, working arrangements and capability (including the skills, knowledge, experience and diversity) required of the Group and Segment Boards and make recommendations to the Group Board and Segment Boards regarding any changes to their composition; and 
• keep the Group and Segment Board governance arrangements under review and make recommendations to the Group and Segment Boards, as appropriate. 
The Nomination Committee met twice during 2019. Investment Committee The Investment Committee members are John Tiner (Chair), Scot French, Patrick Butler, Vahe Dombalagian, David Ross (CEO) and Diane Cougill (CFO). Its principal purpose is to formulate, monitor, review and execute the Group's strategy regarding acquisitions and disposals. There was no corporate M&A activity during 2019 that required consideration by the Investment Committee and therefore there were no Investment Committee meetings held during 2019. The Investment Committee has since met three times in 2020.



 
Group and Segment Board Effectiveness Review To evidence that the enhanced governance framework and board processes and procedures are fit for purpose, the Group Company Secretary, with input from an independent third-party, led an effectiveness review of the Group and Segment Boards and their Committees in Q4 2019. 
The review demonstrated that the Group and Segment Boards and their Committees are effective and that there were no material concerns raised regarding its operation and design of the governance framework. The Board approved a recommended list of actions that focus on enhancing meeting administration, Board reporting and the interaction between the Group and Segment Boards. In summary, the recommendations are: • 
to further enhance the communication by Committees on their activities to the Group Board, it was agreed that a memo from the Chair of the Remuneration and Nomination Committees should be circulated promptly after each meeting. This is in addition to the oral reports already provided at each Board meeting. The need to produce a memo from the Group Risk and Audit Committee chairs was considered to be less relevant as the majority of the Board also attend these Committee meetings. 
• enhancements to existing Board reporting and additional reports recommended. • 
actions to further develop the level of two-way interaction between the Group and Segment Boards. 
• enhancements to the interaction between the Group Risk and Remuneration Committees. • 
clarification of the role of the Group and Segment Boards regarding the approval of investments. 
The evaluation also considered diversity. During 2020 management will report to the Board on the strategy and actions to enhance diversity across the Group. 
Principl.e 2 - Effective board composition requires an effective chair and a balance of skills, backgrounds, experience and 
knowledge, with individual directors having sufficient capacity to make a valuable contribution. The size of a board should be guided by the scale and complexity of the company. 
In line with best practice, the roles of Chair and CEO on the Group Board are separate, and the Chairman is independent. The size of the Board was reduced in 2019 to reflect the greater oversight undertaken by the Segment Boards and the transition of the Group Board to one aligned with overseeing and managing a portfolio of businesses. The Board changes during the year are set out in the Directors' Report. The Board effectiveness review noted above highlighted that the Board considered itself to have the right balance of skills, experience and knowledge and that the Board and Committee Chairs are effective. 
The Group Board and its Committees regularly receive deep-dive reports on areas of the business, specific risks and other areas requested by the Board. In addition, independent directors meet with management on a regular basis between scheduled meetings to discuss corporate issues and progress against agreed actions. Directors are also subject to mandatory online training on lega I and compliance topics and are encouraged to make site visits across the Group to enhance their understanding of the Business Segments. All Board Directors are expected to commit the time required to adequately fulfil their responsibilities. 
All newly appointed Directors to the Group and Segment Boards are provided with a comprehensive and bespoke induction programme, which includes sessions with Executive Directors and members of the senior management team. These sessions are aimed at familiarisation with the Ardonagh Group and focus on the challenges, opportunities and risks faced by the business. The induction also includes Directors' duties and Board procedures, strategic priorities, business planning, the three lines of defence model, internal control processes and key risks. 
The Wates Principles highlight the need for Boards to promote diversity and demonstrate that there has been a considered effort to establish an appropriate balance of expertise, diversity and objectivity. The Board has considered its own composition as part of its effectiveness review and diversity was a factor in the recruitment of independent non-executive directors to Segment Boards during 2019. The Group has in place an Equality and Diversity Policy and the Board believe that equality and diversity strengthens the Group, contributes to long-term business performance and to maintaining the Group as a destination of choice for key talent. This is an industry-wide challenge and management will report to the Board during 2020 on how the business complies with the Group Equality and Diversity policy, our diversity strategy and the actions being taken to address equality and diversity issues, including consideration on whether to adopt externally set targets and aspirations. Diversity will also be considered by the Group and Segment Boards as they review management succession plans during 2020.



 
Principle 3 - The boord and individual directors should have a clear understanding of their accountability and responsibilities. The board's policies and procedures should support effective decision-making and independent challenge. 
The Group Board has delegated the day-to-day management of the Group to the CEO. The CEO has delegated authority to approve specific issues subject to financial limits. In turn, the CEO has delegated authority to his direct reports and these are set out in the Ardonagh Accountability Framework, which evidences individual accountability under the FCA's Senior Managers and Certification Regime that came into force on 9th December 2019. A delegated authority matrix ("DAM") is in place which sets out the matters reserved to the Group Board and the delegated authorities from the Board to management and Segment Boards. The DAM was reviewed and updated by the Board during 2019 and it forms part of the terms of reference for each Segment Board. The matters reserved for Group Board approval covers a wide range of matters which include changes to capital structure, M&A, Group policies, risk appetite and material contracts and financial matters over certain limits. 
The Board and Committee effectiveness review highlighted that each director understood their collective and individual accountability and responsibilities. The review also highlighted that the Board consider there to be a good quality of debate in the Boardroom. The effectiveness review also highlighted a high level of understanding by Segment Boards of their collective and individual accountability and responsibilities and the authorities delegated to them from the Group Board. 
The Wates Principles highlight the importance of directors maintaining objectivity in complex situations. Directors have a duty to avoid conflicts of interest and disclose any interests and outside appointments. The Group Board has put in place procedures to resolve situations where a Director has a conflict of interest (which may include the need for conflicted Directors to recuse themselves from relevant Board discussions) and Directors have continuing obligations to update the Group Board on any changes to these conflicts. A record of actual and potential conflicts of interest is maintained by the Company Secretary and is subject to an annual review and attestation by each Director. No individual Director had a material interest at any time in any contract of significance with the Company or the Ardonagh Group other than their service contract or by virtue of their Investor Director status. 
The terms of references for Board standing committees are regularly reviewed. A review of the terms of reference for the Group Risk and Audit Committees was undertaken during 2019 (the terms of reference for the Remuneration and Nomination Committees were undertaken in late 2018). The Group Risk and Audit Committees approved the recommended administrative changes highlighted by the reviews. 
Principle 4 - A board should promote the long-term sustainable success of the company by identifying opportunities to create and preserve value and establishing oversight for the identification and mitigation of risks. 
In November 2019 the Group Board held an all-day strategy session to consider, and subsequently approve, the Group's strategy and 5-year plan that set out the opportunities to create and achieve sustainable organic and inorganic growth over the long-term. The Group Board has delegated authority to the Group CEO to approve investments up to £1m. Investments above £1m must be approved by the Investment Committee and the Board must approve all investments over £10m and all related party transactions irrespective of amount. Under the Amended and Restated Shareholders' Deed dated 22nd December 2018, shareholders must approve all investments above £50m and all related party transactions. 
The risk management framework and how the Group Board exercises oversight over the identification and mitigation of risks is set out in the risk management section on page 11. The Group Board approved an enhanced risk appetite on 30th April 2019. The Group Risk Committee reviews performance against Group risk appetite and exercises oversight and challenge over performance against risk appetite and progress on risk mitigation action plans. In addition to the Group risk appetite, Segment Boards have approved their own risk appetites that incorporate the relevant sections of the Group risk appetite and include additional risk appetite statements that go into more detail over areas relevant to each business. Over the year, Segment Boards will exercise oversight and challenge over performance against risk appetite and progress on completion of risk mitigation action plans. There is a clear Escalation policy which articulates the type and severity of risk events that require escalation to Segment and Group executive management and Boards.


 
Principle 5 - A board should promote executive remuneration structures aligned to the Jong-term sustainable success of a company, taking into account pay and conditions elsewhere in the company. The Group Board seeks to ensure that remuneration is competitive, transparent and linked to individual, team, Business Segment and 
Group performance. The Group Remuneration Policy ensures that our remuneration structures support our strategy by: • promoting sound and effective risk management through clear objective setting (that are monitored and measured). • balanced scorecards for senior managers that include a range of financial and non-financial measures and are aligned with the Group's long-term strategic plans. 
• • • 
non-financial measures include compliance behaviours and good customer outcomes. sales schemes are designed to incentivise the right compliance and customer outcome behaviours. 
role benchmarking, Business Standards and oversight exercised by the Group and Segment Remuneration Committees mitigates risk of inappropriate incentives and excessive rewards. 
Employee salaries are reviewed annually. The Remuneration Committee considers and sets director fee levels for the Group and Segment Boards (relevant directors recuse themselves as appropriate and are not involved in the setting of their own salary and fees). Salary reviews take into account individual performance, Group performance and the underlying business environment. Remuneration is periodically and consistently benchmarked against relevant roles. 
Remuneration strategies are expected to be devised with reference to issues identified in the Group gender pay gap report. Gender pay gap reporting is recorded and reported as a Group and management have taken a series of measures to encourage the promotion of diversity throughout the workforce and in senior leadership roles. This includes: • Group-wide pilot of executive coaching and peer support programme for women leaders to encourage career progress, focus and accountability. 
• a pilot Women in Leadership programme was delivered in September 2018 and attended by women from across the Ardonagh Group. Management are continuing to develop and grow our programmes to support the development of women leaders. 
• flexible and remote working encouraged where appropriate including new focus on employees using their local office where possible instead of the central London office. A Group home working policy will be introduced across the Ardonagh Group in 2020 to further encourage and promote home working. 
• maternity pay practices across the Group will be reviewed in 2020.



 Principle 6 - 
Directors should foster effective stakeholder relationships aligned to the company's purpase. The Board is 
responsible for overseeing meaningful engagement with stakeholders, including the workforce, and having regard to their views when taking decisions . The Directors take seriously their responsibility to act in a way they consider, in good faith, promotes the success of the company for the benefit of its members as a whole and in doing so have regard to the likely consequences of any decision in the long-term, the interests of the company's employees, the need to foster the company's business relationships with suppliers, customers and others, the impact of the company's operations on the community and the environment, the desirability of the company maintaining a reputation for high standards of business conduct and the need to act fairly as between members of the company. As explained under Principle 4 above, the Board considers the long-term consequences of its decisions and these are guided by a 5year business plan, risk appetite and risk framework, which seek to ensure that the business plan is executed with due regard to our stakeholders and maintaining our high standards of business conduct. Having our two major shareholders represented on the Board means that shareholder engagement is strong and having three independent directors on the Board ensures the interests of minority shareholders and other stakeholders are considered in the Board decision making process. Ongoing engagement with our shareholders and bondholders is primarily exercised through the use of investor presentations and quarterly bondholder calls. 
Key stakeholders also include our employees, customers, insurers and non-insurer suppliers, the communities in which we operate and our regulators. We engage with these stakeholders as follows: 
Employees The Board recognises that our talented employees are our biggest asset. Our recruitment, development and remuneration structures are designed to support our culture, our people, and re.ward good conduct and performance at the individual and business level. Our businesses focus on providing excellent working conditions and long-term development opportunities for staff through training and study support. An example of the approach our businesses take is the RESPECT programme within Carole Nash that focusses on Recruitment, Environment, Shifts, Pay, Engagement, Career and Training for call centre staff. Our commitment to treating people fairly and with respect is also evident when we undertake reorganisations and an example is given in the case study below in connection with the acquisition of Swinton. 
As set out above under Principle 1, our culture is further supported by our Ardonagh values that are set out in our code of conduct that is also subject to all-staff mandatory training and readily available to all employees. We have a positive commitment and approach to whistleblowing, underpinning our pro-active actions to ensure safety at work and the fair treatment of all stakeholders. The whistleblowing arrangements include a confidential phone line, email and interactive website managed run by an independent third party. 
Through the focus on our people we seek to foster an open and honest culture where our employees feel valued and trusted to do the right thing. Key to this is effective communication and engagement with our employees. Our Businesses all undertake regular communication and other engagement activities, including the annual AtlantaFest where all Retail staff come together to celebrate the business, listen to live bands and raise money for charity. Our first Group-wide employee pulse survey was undertaken in Q4 2019, which achieved an excellent 73% response rate. The results are promising and provides a baseline to help us continually improve. In January 2020 we considered the pulse survey scores across the businesses and the actions to be taken as a result of the survey to achieve further improvement in eight key priorities to drive positive employee experiences across the Group and in turn ensure the successful delivery of our business strategy and continued focus on providing good customer experiences and outcomes.



 
Our People Commitments: • 
• • 
• 
• • 
• • 
attract and retain the best people by providing a high-performing, collaborative and flexible working environment, where people feel engaged with the Group and valued for their contribution. recruit people using fair and professional selection methods. 
provide a good onboarding experience and ongoing career support to give people the best possible start and return to work following periods of extended leave. 
develop the personal and professional skills and knowledge of all employees throughout their careers, helping them achieve their full potential within the Group. 
recognise achievements at all levels and provide opportunities for all ciur people to progress their career. 
reward people fairly within transparent and appropriate remuneration frameworks; remaining competitive and allowing for changing external factors. 
build a supportive culture which is inclusive, positive and fair; where opportunities are open to all, people can lead and are led effectively, and change is well managed. 
provide an environment where health, wellbeing and the importance of community are actively promoted, where people can bring their whole self to work. 
The survey has highlighted a number of areas that evidence a strong baseline culture and an indication of the calibre of our people, which is increasingly becoming recognised by the industry, with Ardonagh being voted "Best of the Best Broker" by 3,000 leading insurance professionals at the British Insurance Awards in July 2019. Over 300 employees attended our 2019 annual employee "Spotlight" award event in March 2019 that celebrates and rewards excellent individual and team performances in delivering excellent service to our clients. A record-breaking 720 nominations have been received for the 2020 event. 
Customers Seeking good customer outcomes is central to the success of the business. Put simply, it's what we always seek to achieve. Business Segments keep track of how our customers perceive our products and services and review our products and services to ensure they continue to meet the needs of our customers. Each Business Segment also undertakes root cause analysis on complaints to ensure that when things do go wrong, we are able to learn from them and improve our service and achieve good customer outcomes. During 2020 our businesses will be implementing and embedding an enhanced conduct risk framework and risk appetite that will further support the Group and Segment Boards in discharging effective oversight over how well we perform against key customer related metrics and ensure the customer remains at the heart of our decision making. 
Case Study in considering stakeholders in decision making The integration of Swinton was an area of key corporate activity in 2019. As part of the integration of Swinton, the Board decided to accelerate the Swinton branch closure programme. Branches were being closed due to the dramatic rise in on-line business and the fall in demand for a 'bricks and mortar' presence on the high street by customers. The costs of maintaining ah igh street presence was no longer sustainable. 
The Board considered the branch closure programme and how it impacted key stakeholders. The programme focussed on colleagues, customers and landlords as the key stakeholders most impacted by branch closwes. 
Regarding colleagues, management ensured our people were managed with professionalism, empathy and respect throughout the closure programme. As part of a larger Group, a number of branch staff were offered and accepted positions within our businesses. For those who left the business, there was an extensive outplacement programme that supported them in finding alternative employment, including an outreach to other employers in the local area and regular open and honest communication and consultation. Overall, over 80% of colleagues affected secured a new role prior to leaving the business. 
For customers, we ensured that we understood how each customer preferred to be contacted and tailored our communications accordingly. We also identified the customers that had a higher propensity to use our branches and contacted them proactively to ensure they knew how to contact us and also to help them through their first renewal process following the closure of their nearest branch. We also ensured that our call centres were adequately resourced to meet the higher demand following each branch closure. 
Regarding landlords, we ensured that they were treated fairly when exiting leases with a clear communications programme and a dedicated option to contact us through our call-centre to ensure we could deal with any queries in a timely manner.
 
Insurers Insurers are fundamental to the success of the business. We regularly meet with our key insurance partners to discuss performance and ways in which we can enhance cover for customers. We also work together with our insurers to ensure our customers experience the best possible claims experience and identify and act on areas of improvement. By regularly engaging with insurers we seek to ensure continuity of capacity in order to service the needs of our customers. Feedback on insurer relationships are reported to our Segment Boards that provide oversight over how we actively manage potential conflicts of interest in our dealings with both insurers and customers. The Ardonagh Portfolio Solutions business established in 2019 will further support our businesses by helping them foster deeper and more long-term relationships across a diversified number of insurers to further drive innovation and enhance the products and services offered to our customers. 
Our Suppliers Our key non-insurer suppliers are also defined by the Group Outsourcing and Procurement Policy, which ensures that all key suppliers are identified and subject to appropriate monitoring and engagement - the level of which is dependent on the size and critical nature of the services supplied to the Group. We also have minimum due diligence standards to be performed before suppliers are engaged, which includes a requirement that suppliers have Corporate Social Responsibility and modern slavery policies that are at least as stringent as our own. 
Regulatory relationships The FCA is our principal regulator. The Board prioritises and supports a positive, open and transparent engagement with the FCA and all our regulatory relationships around the world. Ensuring the right 'tone from the top', and effective lines of communication and escalation, embeds this approach throughout the organisation. The Group and Segment Boards receive regular updates on regulatory engagements. We regularly participate in the FCA's thematic reviews. We believe that a strong and open relationship with our regulators is a competitive advantage. 
Community and sustainability The Group's UK registered charity, Ardonagh Community Trust (ACT) celebrated its second anniversary in October 2019. Over the last two years, ACT has allowed us to harness the collective power of The Ardonagh Group to help local communities become stronger, better and brighter. Through our match funding programme, which supports personal fundraising activity such as marathons and bake sales, over 167 employees had their chosen charity supported by ACT benefitting 72 charities as at 31 December 2019. Alongside match funding, ACT's community grant programme awarded a total of 25 grants in 2019 which benefitted initiatives and organisations within communities closely linked to our employees. The grants covered a breadth of areas such as arts & culture, community development, education, healthcare, mental health, people in need and sport, and applications are submitted by teams and individuals across the Group. 
In order to further support the communities our employees live and work in, the Group announced the introduction of one paid day per year from 2020 for all employees to encourage our people to give back through skilled or un-skilled volunteering to causes they care about. 
ACT is in the second year of a two-year national partnership with Mind, the mental health charity. During 2019 ACT has achieved its target of raising £125,000 for Mind and it is anticipated that a total of £200,000 will be raised by the end of 2020. In addition to the money raised for Mind, the Group completed the following in 2019 to further support Mind and remove the stigma around mental health: • we trained 250 people on our Mental Health Awareness course and 40 Mental Health First Aiders.
launched a Teams site to enable our Mental Health First Aiders to network and support each other. supported Mental Health Awareness Week and World Mental Health Day. launched a dedicated page to mental health on our intranet. 
Our commitment to minimising the impact of our activities on the environment is evidenced through minimising waste by evaluating operations and ensuring they are as efficient as possible; actively promoting the importance of recycling both internally, where possible, and amongst our suppliers; encouraging alternative ways of travelling to work, e.g. car sharing, cycle to work, to reduce carbon emissions; using motion sensitive lighting in offices, where possible, to reduce wasted energy; apply technological developments to reduce staff travel thereby reducing emissions; and meeting or exceeding all the environmental legislation that relates to the Group.



In 2019, we changed our travel booking supplier, which will enable us to collect data on the purpose of business travel and the CO2 impact. This will enable us to review our business travel and assist the development of a strategy to reduce our carbon emissions in 2020. The Group will be in scope for the Streamlined Energy and Carbon Reporting (SECR) environmental reporting requirements and the Directors look forward to being able to report on our UK (and UK offshore) energy use and related Scope 1 & 2 Greenhouse Gas (GHG) emissions in the 2020 Annual Report.

