Governance report For the year ended 31 December 2019 
During the year, The Companies (Miscellaneous Reporting) Regulations 2018 became effective which requires large companies to include a statement as to which corporate governance code has been applied and how. The Company qualifies for this disclosure and has chosen to adopt the Wates Principles, which incorporates 6 key principles: Purpose & Leadership, Board Composition, Director Responsibilities, Opportunity & Risk, Remuneration and Stakeholder Relationships & Engagement. The Directors present the Governance report outlining how the Company applies the code. 
Principle 1: Purpose & Leadership The following section describes the Company's purpose for existence and its leadership. 
The Company is a wholly owned subsidiary of Arla Foods amba. The purpose of the Company is to enable membership of UK farmers into the Arla cooperative and ensure the highest value for farmers' milk and creating opportunities for their growth. This purpose is regularly emphasised to our colleagues, be it through training updates, leadership communications, Group updates, and through our on-boarding process. Highest priority is assigned to the consideration of how decisions and actions taken impact successfully achieving this purpose. 
As a wholly owned subsidiary within the Group, the Company operates under the Group vision and purpose, adopting its values. Our values build on the ambition to create one global Arla and central to this is our character. We strive to demonstrate a leading mindset, a sensing approach and a creative culture. A leading mindset means being passionate, striving for leadership and identifying the highest potential in our people, business and relationships. A sensing approach is about perceiving our people, consumers, and the world around us. It is about showing integrity, having an open mind, seeing opportunities and high potential in our people, business and relationships. A creative culture means developing and being creative in acquiring expertise, products and market relationships and creating and developing strong potential in our people, business and partnerships. These values are embedded in our actions, from underpinning leadership gatherings to informing our annual objectives. Our organisation is structured in a way that encourages these values. 
The Company is fully integrated into the Group from operational, functional and strategic perspectives. The Group is the fourth largest global dairy company based on milk intake, the largest global organic dairy producer, and the world's oldest cross-border dairy cooperative. The Group is a cooperative owned by dairy farmers in seven countries. Farmer owners are therefore naturally at the core of the Group's business model and by definition, the core of its UK model, and this defmes our mission and our vision. 
The Company operates in the dairy industry. The Company has grown in the UK market principally through mergers over the past 30 years, expanding its liquid milk and cheese business. Express Dairies plc and Arla Foods plc merged in 2003 to create Arla Foods UK plc. This business went through several changes until delisting in 2007 and becoming a wholly owned subsidiary of the Group. The Company went on to expand operations through organic growth up until 2012 when it merged with Milk Link, creating one of the largest European dairy cooperatives. From 2013 the number of British farmer owners within the Group doubled. Arla Foods Limited is now home to household UK branded products including Arla Cravendale®, Castello®, Arla Protein®, Lurpak® and through Iicencing arrangements, Anchor® butters & spreadables, Starbucks™ ready to drink coffee and Yeo Valley® butters and organic milk. 
The Arla vision the Company adheres to is to create the future of dairy to bring health and inspiration to the world, naturally. Our purpose is to secure the highest value for our famers' milk while creating opportunities for their growth. Our Good Growth 2020 strategy launched in 2015 to drive the purpose and vision. Our strategy was accelerated by 'Calcium' in 2018, a transformation and efficiency programme looking at the ways we work, spend and invest. Our sustainability strategy was launched in 2019 aimed at reducing our negative impact on the world through sustainable farming and increasing our positive impact on people through inspiring sustainable diets. This Governance report refers to the ways in which the Company integrates and therefore adheres to the vision and purpose of the Group. 
The Group's comprehensive sustainability strategy is inspired by the United Nations Sustainable Development Goals. We are committed to making the planet stronger and people stronger through the following activities;



 Principle 1: Purpose & Leadership (continued) 
• Sustainable farming 
• • 
• • Carbon net zero operations 
• • 
• , Minimising food waste Increase feed and resource efficiency. 
• Enhance and track animal welfare. • 
Conduct carbon assessments on all Arla farms. Step-up carbon sequestration. 
Support research and innovations into sustainable dairy farr!_ling. 
Switching to renewable energy sources at sites and in offices. 
Switching to fossil free fuels in transportation of raw material and products. 
Increase energy efficiency and use ofbiogas. Support innovation to achieve our goals. 
Strengthen collaboration with value chain to minimise waste in production. 
• Campaigns for food waste reduction targeting consumers. 
• Upgrade product packaging to be renewable, recyclable or reusable. 
Sustainable packaging 
• • 
Protecting nature 
• • • 
• Health and nutrition • • • Food inspiration 
• • 
• • 
Supporting communities • • Caring for people Constant innovation in packaging. 
Stronger collaboration within the value chain to reduce packaging waste. 
Increase biodiversity and access to nature. Initiatives to support clean air and water. Source responsibly. 
Follow our Nutrition Criteria to bring healthy foods to consumers. 
Invest in research on how to improve nutritional value without compromising on quality and taste. Develop new products based on research fmdings. 
Organise open farm days to connect consumers and farmers. 
Educate consumers about healthy diets. 
Organise food festivals and camps to educate consumers on how to eat more sustainably. 
Develop local dairy value chains. 
Inspire innovative partnerships with local customers and consumers. 
Reach consumers in regions where access to good nutrition is challenged. 
Live by the Arla values. 
• Keep our colleagues safe and healthy. • 
Provide a diverse and inclusive workplace with equal chances for all. 
For a further explanation of the Group environmental ambitions, our approach to sustainable dairy farming and how we inspire sustainable diets, refer to the Arla Consolidated Annual Report 2019. This strategy drives the decision making, objective setting and behaviours of the Company.



 
Principle 2: Board Composition The following section describes the Company's Board composition, and why this is effective for the scale and complexity of the Company, in the context of the wider Group. 
As a wholly owned subsidiary of a global group, context of the overall Group Governance Framework is required in order to understand the composition and balance of the Company's Board of Directors. This is presented below. The Group Governance Framework is divided into Cooperative Governance and Corporate Governance. 
Group cooperative governance The following chart presents the structure of the Group's cooperative governance framework. 
OWner nationalttles Owners <Farmers) Denmark Sweden Belgium Luxembourg Districts 
Cooperative governance 
l.oul repreoentatives Board of representatives 
Danish area coundl 
Our boards and council& 
SWedish area council 
Board of Directors 
UK area coundl 
Arla farmer owners globally are all members of District Councils, who regularly convene and elect members to represent each District on a Board of Representatives ('BoR'). The BoR is the supreme Group decision making body made up of 175 members and 12 employee representatives, spread across the Districts in which our farmers originate. The BoR make decisions over appropriations of profit and they elect the Group Board of Directors ('Group BoD'). 
The Group BoD then have responsibility for strategic decision making, monitoring the Group activities and asset management, maintaining the Group fmancial information satisfactorily, and appointing the Executive Board. The Group BoD ensures the management of Group is in the best interests of the farmer owners and make decisions on ownership structure. 
They also take care of other stakeholders' interests in the Group; lenders, investors, colleagues. The Group BoD consists of 15 elected farmer owners, three employee representatives and from 2019 there are two external advisors to the Board. The composition of members of the Group BoD reflects the ownership structure across countries. The Group BoD has four area council sub-committees that each consist of members of the Group BoD and BoR. The subcommittees handle issues specific to farmer owners of each area for which they are established being; Sweden, Denmark, Central Europe and UK. 
Ccntnil European area Council 
Regions Gennanv The Netherlands



United Kingdom



 
Principle 2: Board Composition (continued) Group corporate governance The following chart presents the structure of the Group's corporate governance framework. 
Board of Directors 
Corporate governance 
Supply Chain 
Finance, legal& IT 
Executive management team HR& 
Corporate affairs 
Commercial, EU 
Commercial, International 
Milk, members and trading 
The Group Corporate Governance is shared between the Group BoD and the Executive Board. Together they define and ensure adherence to the Group strategic direction, organise and manage the Company, supervise management and ensure compliance. The Executive Board is appointed by the Group BoD and ensures the proper long-term growth of the Group from a global perspective, driving the strategic direction, following up on targets for the year and defming our policies, while striving for a sustainable increase in Group value. Furthermore, the Executive Board ensures appropriate risk management and risk controlling, as well as compliance with statutory regulations and internal guidelines. The Executive Board is usually comprised of the CEO and another member of the Executive Management Team. From 1st February 2019, Peter Gi0rtz-Carlsen (Chief Commercial Officer Europe) was appointed to enter the Executive Board. Peter is also a member of the Company's Board of Directors. 
The Group's Executive Management Team ('EMT') is appointed by and includes the Executive Board. The EMT is responsible for the Group's day-to-day business operations, preparing strategies and planning the future operating structure. In addition to the Executive Board, there are four functional experts and one commercial leader. The functional experts cover Finance, IT and Legal, Marketing and Innovation, Human Resources and Supply Chain. The Commercial leader is responsible for the Group's international commercial segment. The EMT members regularly meet and share significant developments and align on cross-functional measures. 

The Company's Board is comprised of the following appointed Directors;  
Ash Amirahmadi (Group Vice President UK) (Chairman of the Board) •
Kent Skovsager (Vice President European Finance) 
Simon Kin Man Ho (Vice President Finance UK) • 
Alison Rance (Vice President Production UK) 
Pauline Hogg (Senior Human Resources Director UK) 
Group risk and compliance committee 
Peter Gl0rtzcarlsen (CCO Europe} 
Kent Skovsager (VP, European Finance) 
Pauline Hogg (Senior Director, HR) 
Simon Kin Man Ho (VP, Finance UK) 
Alison Rance (VP, Production) 
Peter Gi0rtz-Carlsen (Member of Group Executive Board and CCO Europe)



 
Principle 2: Board Composition (continued) UK Corporate Governance (continued) 
In addition to the legally appointed Directors, the Board meetings are also attended by the Vice President of Logistics UK, Head of Accounting UK, Head of Tax UK and the Company Secretary (Head of Legal UK). 
The Board of Directors comprises an appropriate mix of skills, experience and array of credentials. Collectively there is over 50 years' experience of working within Arla, and each Director holds extensive experience across different industries and roles, primarily in the fast-moving consumer goods category. 
The Board have no independent Non-Executive Directors. However, the unique nature of the Group as a farmer owned cooperative naturally reduces the need for non-Executive Directors and as the Board includes a member of the Group Executive Board, this ensures a balanced and accountable approach is maintained. Additionally, the Group has only recently introduced two fully external advisors onto its Group BoD, and the use of external Board members has not been deemed necessary historically. The Company's Board and Group will continue to assess the need for additional independent members. 
Overall, we deem the Board composition, structure of Board meetings, and cross-section of attendees to be appropriate for the size and scope of our operation in the UK, in the context of the Company within the wider Group cooperative. 
The Board duties are executed partially by sub-committees and senior leadership meetings which are attended by members of the Board. Regular committees include Commercial Leadership Team, Change Leadership Forum ('CLF'), Strategic Transformation Project Groups and UK Compliance Committee. The committees are also attended by senior leaders of the relevant business area. Regular meetings of these committees ensure that the Directors are engaged in the decisions taken by these committees and are aware ofkey outputs and actions. These committees operate under clearly documented terms of reference which define the scope of authority of such committees. Each of these committees has a formal schedule of meetings, which works in sequence with the Company Board meetings 
The output of all committee meetings is reported to the Board monthly. Certain matters are reserved for a decision by the full Board of Directors. This ensures there is an opportunity for further challenge and review of decisions requiring wider Board input. This allows for focused challenge and influence across a broad range of operational areas. The structure of committees follows the operating model of the wider Group into which the UK is fully integrated. This approach allows the Board to contribute to the UK strategy and future planning and ensures the Board is regularly involved in meetings that consider the commercial position of the Company, including reviews of the performance of individual brands and categories, development of products, pricing decisions and setting of sales priorities. 
The Company Board executes duties by way of Group led initiatives; the alignment of culture, strategy and values amongst the workforce, is heavily driven by the overall Group strategy, with these areas consistently and regularly communicated to employees through newsletters, intranet updates and conferences issued centrally. 
The UK Directors update their skills, knowledge and understanding of the business through regular meetings with heads of functions, location visits, involvement with external institutes and by attendance of external seminars and training courses. All Directors have recently been provided with refresher training over their roles and responsibilities as members of the Board. Two new Directors were appointed during 2019 and have been on-boarded formally through an induction process. The structure of the Board meetings, content and effectiveness has been informally assessed internally during 2019 and the format is being continually updated ensuring the Board continues to meet their ongoing objectives. Quarterly meetings were held during 2019. External advisors are an option to be called upon where required by decision of the Board.



 
Principle 3: Directors Responsibilities The following section describes the Board and their understanding of their accountability and responsibilities and how the Company's policies and procedures support effective decision-making and independent challenge. 
The Board members have a clear understanding of their responsibilities and accountability. Decision making across the business is anchored by the Group methodologies and approach. Whilst the Board maintains oversight of key decisions, most are delegated to appropriate leadership representatives from each impacted operational function, in addition to having input from Group where deemed appropriate. There are several supplemental meetings that take place outside of the Board meetings that serve to track strategic decisions and projects as they develop and evolve. Decisions of material magnitude deemed higher risk, or more complex may ultimately be deferred to the Group EMT or BoD with the involvement of Directors of the UK entity. For example, the UK Directors are regularly party to separate structured specific commercially focused meetings which cover market developments and strategy and involve members of different relevant UK functions. These will include a range of topics that are driven by Group strategies but are ultimately UK specific issues. As mentioned previously, Group committees will also govern certain aspects of the business such as remuneration. 
Information reviewed by the Board, whether in the Board meeting specifically or during supplementary meetings, is timely, relevant and includes all major key performance indicators ('K.PI'), financial and non-fmancial, required to continue to direct the business. Financial information is stored in one Enterprise resource planning system. Financial information is produced and owned by relevant departments by appropriately qualified individuals. The legal entity internal accounting is owned· by UK Accounting, who are appropriately qualified, reporting directly to Group Corporate Finance, but also present quarterly financial updates to the Company's Board. Legal entity fmancial information is sent to the Group on a monthly basis. 
Controls over fmancial reporting are monitored and tested by the Group's central Risk, Controls & Compliance ('RCC') function on a cyclical basis. The RCC also considers existing and developing risks around the Group and will report on planned approach to implementing or testing relevant controls. The RCC reports its fmdings into the UK Compliance Committee ('UK.CC') monthly, who in tum can raise specific topics with the Board as required at Board meetings. The Group Corporate Finance function also has oversight over the accounting controls and quality of data. Externally published legal entity financial information is subject to external audit from Ernst & Young LLP on an annual basis, both at the Group level for the purposes of the consolidated annual financial statements and at the Company level for the individual Company annual fmancial statements. 
The Directors use reported KPI information to assess the Company's progress against its strategic goals and will adjust its strategy as required. 
Principle 4: Opportunity & Risk 
The following section describes the Board's approach to promoting the long-term sustainable success of the Company by identifying opportunities to create and preserve value and describes how oversight for the identification and mitigation of risks has been established. 
At Arla, we recognise risk management as a means of mitigating adverse consequences of internal or external factors, and capturing opportunities for the business to maximise value creation. We take measures to identify, understand, assess and deal with risks effectively. Our focus is on risks that may threaten the realisation of our strategy in the midterm, and we also consider shorter-term risks inherent in the business processes of the Group and take appropriate action to mitigate them as required. 
The long-term strategy of the Board is shaped by the Group strategic direction and refined by input from the UK leadership team. The Good Growth 2020 strategy, and the imminent 2025 strategy, included a focus on seeking opportunities for growth, including a focus on key categories within the Group. This has shaped and will continue to shape the creation of local strategy, decision making and business activities in the UK. Opportunities are brought to the view of the Board through leadership teams, functional working groups, CLF and top down from the Group through the EMT and ultimately the BoD.



 
Principle 4: Opportunity & Risk (continued) In addition to our UK.CC, the Group has a Code of Conduct which is adhered to by the UK business. This is available from the Code of Conduct section at www.arla.com/com pany/responsibility/code-of-conduct. This determines the principles for our activities and expresses our expectations towards our colleagues and business partners. 
There is zero tolerance towards the violation of these principles, and this is secured through a coherent system of internal controls, which are regularly assessed for effectiveness and adequacy. We continue to develop our internal control environment with system-embedded controls and segregation of duties monitoring. As a part of the overall controls, we work on data privacy control points, subjected to regular monitoring and review. 
Our Code of Conduct and internal policies are communicated to employees with a range of activities, combining mandatory training programs and awareness announcements. All internal principles for business conduct are gathered in a central Policy Portal on the Group intranet and are available to employees, also on mobile devices. We operate a combined scheme of training; including e-learnings on major compliance matters (e.g. competition law, information security and GDPR) and classroom training as appropriate. 
Openness and trust are among our core values and incorporated into our Code of Conduct. If employees believe that the Code of Conduct has been violated, we encourage them to report these violations. Concerns can be raised by reporting to relevant management, HR or RCC. Anonymous reporting is.available and encouraged through the Group whistle-blower system, applying strict principles of confidentiality and non-retaliation. 
The Group compliance reporting sequence is arranged in an annual cycle at various organisational levels. In 2019 we introduced compliance scores into the EMT's monthly performance dashboard, and country reporting is shared with relevant local management. Final observations from all compliance activities and investigations in the year are reported in the Annual Compliance Report to the Group BoD. In 2019 the Directors elected for deep dives into property & insurance and health & safety across the business and assessed the fmdings reported considering ways to improve these areas of the business. 
Principle 5: Remuneration 
The following section describes the approach to executive remuneration and alignment to the long-term sustainable success of the Company. 
Remuneration paid to UK Directors for their services follows the standard approach for all colleagues of the Group. They are included in the annual Calibration process which is the Arla employee rating system. This system uses a matrix scale to rate individuals based on leadership behaviours and performance criteria benchmarked against Groupwide peer groups, with increasing variable pay levels available for highest performers. Executives in the UK are rated against Eurozone peers with appropriate senior stages of sign-off required. The UK Directors will therefore be subject to the same calibration and senior approval of remuneration. The Board therefore cannot influence its own remuneration, despite the absence of a committee. The levels of remuneration of the Board are fair and competitive based on market levels. 
Principle 6: Stakeholder Relationships & Engagement 
This section describes how the Directors foster effective stakeholder relationships aligned to the Company's purpose, and how the Board has demonstrated its responsibility to ensure meaningful stakeholder engagement and considered their views when making decisions. The section describes how the Directors have had regards to the matters set out in section 172(1) to (f) and forms the Directors' statement required under section 414CZA of the Companies Act 2006.



 
Principle 6: Stakeholder Relationships & Engagement (continued) The Directors consider that they have performed their fiduciary duty, as stipulated under section 172 of the Companies Act 2006 in good faith to promote the success of the Company for the benefit of its members. Details of stakeholders, primary methods of engagement, why Directors consider engagement to be important, issues raised by stakeholders and actions taken as a result of the engagement are detailed below. They have taken into consideration, amongst other matters: 
the likely consequences of any decision in the long-term; the interests of the Company's employees; 
the needs of fanner members and ensuring the best value for their milk; the need to foster and develop the Company's relationships with external suppliers; the interests of the consumers of our products and our customers, and; the need to act responsibly and ensure compliance with Government regulations. 
The Board has considered its key stakeholders and the methods of engagement with each of those stakeholders, both at Board level and across the business. It receives regular reports from management to enable it to monitor the quality and effectiveness of the arrangements for stakeholder engagement. Specific examples of the way in which the Directors have performed their fiduciary duty under section 172 are provided the following section. The Board has completed a programme of training to ensure that in preparing proposals for Board consideration, managers are aware of the section 172 requirements in Director decision making, ensuring that Directors have the assurance that all relevant stakeholder interests and other relevant matters, are being set out .for their consideration. 
The Board understands that good governance includes maintaining a clear, effective, meaningful relationship with all relevant stakeholders including our customers, our colleagues, the wider Group, our suppliers and the communities and environments in which we operate. As a wholly owned subsidiary, the Board is committed to ensuring the UK is aligned to the long-term vision and mission of its owner, the Group, which is to seek out opportunities for growth, securing the highest value for our farmer owner's milk. The Group strategy is to achieve this working as one Arla, from a common platform, which requires more alignment of performance management and planning, but also by sharing a common vision for the future. This vision includes our ap·proach to sustainability, aiming to reduce our negative impact on the world around us and increase our positive impact. 
Through the involvement of Peter Gimtz-Carlsen and Kent Skovsager, the Board retains a significant direct link of communication through to the Group and its farmer owners, which contributes to the ability of the Company to achieve alignment with the Group. Each Company Board member will also report to a Group based senior figure within their respective functions. The Group consistently promotes engagement with all stakeholders. 
The Board maintains a commitment to promoting an active, open and honest approach to interactions with the Company's stakeholder community, and this includes regularly interacting with local government and industry bodies. Our relationship with the media is also one of openness, honesty and is proactive. 
Colleagues 
Our UK business is home to around 3,400 colleagues. We recognise that people are our most valuable asset. Our success is dependent on their efforts and investment into our people creates a culture that allows our business to thrive. Why we engage our colleagues 
The Board holds the strong belief that engaging with our people is of key importance to successfully implementing its long-term strategies, which is aligned with the Group. Investing in our people is protecting our future and promoting our success. We want Arla to be a great place for all our colleagues. Our people are our ambassadors, and our goal is for a proud and empowered workforce.



 
Principle 6: Stakeholder Relationships & Engagement (continued) How we engage our colleagues 
The Group policies and practices are applied at a local level. Our commitment to development of people is achieved through the Annual People Calendar. Our colleagues have set meaningful objectives and held regular dialogue meetings du.ring the year to ensure focus on the most appropriate development areas and personal growth. Ongoing dialogue between managers and teams throughout the calendar year is proactively encouraged. Dialogue meetings are guided and structured in a way that achieves the best outcomes for all. Our dedicated people section of the intranet contains a vast amount ofresou.rces to support these activities. 
Our Annual colleague survey "Barometer" gives our colleagues a voice within Arla. Barometer shapes the future direction of the Group, creating strong foundations for future growth, and ensures continuous improvement by acting on the opinions of our people. Results sharing and action planning based on the outcome of the survey is built into the People Calendar. The survey results have been communicated to the Board and are viewed with importance in assessing levels of engagement, optimism and shaping the future to ensure opportunities for our people. 
All our colleagues agree to follow the dedicated UK employee handbook which includes all our related policies. If breaches of policy occur, a whistle blower hotline is available for anonymous reporting. 
We are committed to continual investment in our relationship with our colleagues. Du.ring the year we have provided wellbeing initiatives, hosted a mental health awareness week, introduced a free-to-use wellbeing app, increased levels and lines of communication across the Group, invested in our facilities at our sites such as provision of a Gym. Internal IT resources have been shaped and improved to encourage even further collaboration, sharing of best practices, engagement and celebration of successes. 
Within the UK, the CLP has been established, to drive the UK strategy through the leadership community across the business. Key messages are taken from these quarterly meetings and delivered to teams across the business. The forum is also used to discuss future strategic and local initiatives and develop solutions as a community. Members of the Board regularly attend and input into the forum. 
The Board has established monthly "Business & Talk" sessions, at which Directors update the Company employees on the most significant recent developments in the business and introduce future strategic changes. Interactivity with leadership is encouraged at the sessions which always include opportunities for questions from around the business. 
The Company publishes Gender Pay Gap Reporting externally on its website. The analysis and results of the reporting highlighted areas that informs our internal strategies with regards to gender pay equality. The publishing of this information is part of the Board commitment to improving engagement with stakeholders. 
In addition to our local initiatives, the Group maintains a set of principles in relation to diversity and inclusion which are applied on a global level. For example, colleagues dedicated to creating a more diverse and inclusive workplace maintain a global employee resource group, the Arla Diversity & Inclusion Network. Further information about the Group approach to Diversity and Inclusion can be found in the Arla Consolidated Annual Report 2019. 
The Company maintains an active and open relationship with workers unions. The Company recognises Unite, USDA W and GMB for collective bargaining purposes. The Company believes in the benefits of positive trade union relationships and we are working openly, honesty and constructively with our trade unions towards industry-leading relations and a successful business. The discussions and collaboration that we have with our trade unions infiuences the decisions that the Board takes on future policies and strategy. 
The Company's defined benefit pension scheme trustees are an employee related stakeholder. The trustees of the schemes (of which Arla appoints the majority) set the investment strategy and have established a policy on asset allocation to best match the assets to the liabilities of the schemes. The trustees appoint an independent external advisor to the schemes who is responsible for advising on the investment strategy and investing the assets. The Company relationship with the external advisor is key in ensuring the Company continues to act in the best interests of all related stakeholders.



 
Principle 6: Stakeholder Relationships & Engagement (continued) Customers and consumers 
The majority of our customer sales are to large UK based household name grocer retailers, who on sell to retail customers & consumers. Most of our customer sales are based on long-term relationships and long-term contractual agreements. We sell a mixture of branded and retailer own label products. Our food service channel including our Arla Pro® offering, has been a high growth area during the year for the Company. Our consumers are the end users of our products and services and continued engagement remains at the forefront of our strategic decisions. 
Why we engage our customers and consumers 
Our customers are essential to our business. Working with transparency and openness fosters our long-term customer relationships, and understanding our customers wants and needs informs our business decisions and priorities. We build trust with our customers through acting with integrity, honesty and promoting effective communication. Our customers are interested in our long-term trading position as they seek guarantee of supply and consistency of product and pricing. Our sustainability strategy is important for our customers who seek to identify and minimise the environmental impact of their supply chain. Our customers are interested in our safety standards and our compliance with regulations. 
Consumer trends define our strategic decisions. Ensuring we identify and embrace changing trends, responding in a timely and effective way, is key to our continued engagement with our consumers and ultimately our commercial success. 
How we engage our customers and consumers 
We hold regular meetings with all our customers at all levels within our business and across all departments, from Supply Chain through to our Commercial teams. Directors are involved directly in these meetings where possible, and if not in attendance, outcomes are covered in regular meetings involving Directors specifically. Each customer has a dedicated manager responsible for the relationship. We monitor our customer interactions, obtain regular feedback and analyse customer complaints. We conduct customer research to understand the needs and wants of our customers. The Arla Consolidated Annual Report 2019 provides our customers with important perspective on the performance of the Group as a whole and details on our overall strategy and business model. Our corporate website provides a wealth of important information on the activities of the Group including UK specific activities on our UK website. 
Our key topics of engagement during the year were in relation to product listings and distribution, promotional plans, pricing levels, and our joint business planning. We engage with our consumers through our digital channels such as our social media platforms, websites and e-commerce platforms. We perform extensive levels of consumer research to understand the needs of our consumers, and always have consumer needs in mind when making the important choices. 
Farmer owners and suppliers 
Arla is a farmer owned cooperative as described in the Governance section. Our farmers are also our primary supplier of raw ingredients. Because our owners are also our suppliers, earnings do not accrue in the Group but go back to the owners in the form of the highest possible milk performance price. 
Why we engage our farmer owners and suppliers 
Our farmers are our owners and without them we would not exist as an entity. The strategies of the Group are defined by our farmers through our cooperative governance model. Our fanners are one of most significant stakeholders, as both owners and suppliers to the Arla business. Owners are interested in ensuring the Company continues to fulfil its obligation to purchase every litre of milk produced by each and every member, at the same time paying an optimised performance price, maximising sustainable long term returns for owners.



 
Principle 6: Stakeholder Relationships & Engagement (continued) How we engage our farmer owners and suppliers 
Engagement with our farmers is achieved in a variety of ways. Each farmer will have their own agricultural manager and each manager has around 350 farmers each. The Company operates a dedicated Member Relations team within which the agricultural managers sit. Contact levels depend on the needs of the farmers and vary from phone and physical visit. There are also regular meetings each year where each farmer is invited to discuss Arla in general and how they feel about the business. The Arla Member Service will also send text reminders and emails each month on certain topics such as the latest milk price. The Member Service website is updated with latest news articles and gives our farmers another option to log any issues they may have. 
Engagement with our farmer owners is achieved through regular and transparent internal reporting of our financial performance through to the EMT, Group BoD and BoR. The Company achieves this through our regular reporting to our Group owners, who then relay this information to the farmers through the Cooperative governance structure. When it comes to the supply of milk, we engage with our UK farmer members through our milk intake and the on-account milk price they receive, which represents the average payment farmer owners receive per kilogram of milk delivered during the settlement period. Our ongoing Calcium strategy contributes to the ability to pay a sustainable higher milk price. We also engage with our farmers over sustainability, and 2019 saw the launch of our climate check initiative, and through 2020 this will take place across all our UK farms. We opened a further CHP (Combined Heat & Power) facility at Stourton to improve our energy efficiency. We continue to support the forging of stronger links between society and our farmers through initiatives such as Open Farm Sundays. 
Our external suppliers 
The Board recognises the key role that our external suppliers of everything else excluding milk, play in ensuring the reliable delivery of products to our customers. From stationery, to machinery, to external advisory services, Group policies are applied in our selection of suppliers, and the business aims to only use Arla approved suppliers who are compliant with the.Arla Code of Conduct, which gives confidence over our suppliers' practices. This all lends itself to more efficient relationships with our suppliers in terms of delivery, prompt payments and effective consolidation of ordering. 
Why we engage our external suppliers 
We want to be confident in the reliability and practices of our suppliers, and ensure our key supplier relationships are secure, with clear understanding of their needs and communication of ours. We need confidence in the compliance of our suppliers with evolving regulatory landscapes. We wish to understand the challenges our suppliers face and how we can work with them towards solutions. 
How we engage our external suppliers 
We proactively manage our key supplier relationships and hold regular meetings to provide opportunity for hearing from our strategic partners first-hand on what challenges they face and understanding ways we can collaborate towards solutions. We ensure our suppliers are clear on our expectations and Code of Conduct requirements and our terms and conditions and payments policies are published on our website at www.arla.com/Iegal-information/payment-policy. The Board engages where necessary in terms of matters of external suppliers, be it a decision over which supplier to use, or discussions of any significant issues or disputes that may arise. Again, such matters form part of the regular market review meetings taking place involving the Directors. 
Government and indusfly groups 
The Board aims for an open and transparent dialogue with the regulatory and industry bodies we collaborate with. We aim to maintain public trust in our industry through raising industry standards, for example with regards to climate change. We pride ourselves on our transparent relationship with HMRC and on maintaining our low risk tax status over several years. Our Group structure allows us to call on expertise on a global scale to ensure a valued level of input is maintained.



 
Principle 6: Stakeholder Relationships & Engagement (continued) Why we engage with Government and industry groups 
We engage with Government bodies and industry groups to ensure industry standards are constantly improved to ensure trust is maintained across our customer base. We ensure our own practices are compliant with the most up to date operating legislation to provide our customers with a trust in our food safety and quality. We actively engage with tax authorities to ensure good tax governance and compliance with tax legislation. 
How we engage with Government and industry groups 
We collaborate with industry groups to provide input and perspectives from our business that leads to actions and decisions to continually improve the standards and practices in our industry. We innovate with new policies that lead the way in terms of innovation. The Board takes proactive steps to inform Government tax authorities of our planned actions within the UK and maintains transparency of its activities. Our UK tax team is globally integrated to ensure transparent dialogues are maintained globally. 
External environment 
Sustainability is a cornerstone of Aria's strategy. Arla aims at delivering healthy and nutritional dairy products to consumers globally and the Group is committed to do so with a constantly reducing environmental impact. Arla understands that achieving its mission to secure the highest value for the farmer owner's milk while creating opportunities for their growth also requires delivering on its environmental and social performance. To signify commitment to the sustainability agenda and to increase accountability towards the goals set, Arla has included its environmental, social and governance performance within the 2019 Group Annual Report. The Group approach to sustainability is discussed in more detail in the Purpose & Leadership section above. Further information can be found in the sustainability section of our Company website at www.arlafoods.co.uk. 
The UK is aligned over the importance given to sustainability and it forms a crucial part of the Company strategy and the Board considers the external environment in several ways. We are constantly taking steps to achieve our goals, from reducing CO2e emissions on our farms and supporting natural eco-systems, to reducing waste in our operations and bringing our customers the goodness of dairy through nutritious products and education programmes. All major projects give consideration and prominence to sustainability and their impact upon it. Recent examples of our commitment to sustainability include the Arla UK 360 Farms initiative developed in collaboration with farms and retailers, which is a commitment to support improving the sustainability of our UK farms, helping identify and implement improvements needed to meet a series of target criteria across a vast range of areas including farm management, animal welfare and environmental impact. 
An example of our commitment to sustainable packaging is our continued commitment to increase the level of recycle-friendly packaging materials we use, including the launch of the world's first milk bottle to contain 50% recyclable material. 
As an example of our commitment to reduce food waste, this year we changed to "Best Before" dates instead of"Use by" dates on our fresh liquid milk with the aim of reducing the levels of food waste in the UK. 
We are aligned with the Group target of Carbon Net Zero in all our operations, from physical factories to trucks on the road, by 2050. This is achieved through effective route planning for example, or through ensuring our factories are as energy efficient as possible, including our new site development in Settle. 
In addition to our commitment to environmental sustainability, the Company is committed to giving back to society through its charitable activities. We support local charities through our donations and fundraising opportunities. As mentioned in the Strategic report, the Company has supported our nation during the Covid- I 9 pandemic through several initiatives aimed at feeding the nation and supporting our key workers and the most vulnerable in the community.



 
Principle 6: Stakeholder Relationships & Engagement (continued) External environment (continued) 
We are proud of our continued longstanding partnership with Fare Share, which has continued to develop during 2019. During the year we donated 644 tonnes of products, the equivalent of 1.5 million meals, which was the largest donation by any UK food manufacturer. Another example is our annual participation in the 'Mission Christmas' scheme donating gifts at Christmas time to Cash for Kids, a charity for disadvantaged children. We are also an active support of Grocery Aid, a charity supporting the wider Grocery industry on a national scale. Looking to the future, in May 2020 the Company supported the launch of the 'Milk Your Moments' campaign by UK dairy workers and farmers in support of mental health charity, Mind. 
Decision making 
The Board has made numerous key decisions during the year, be it directly through its Board meetings or via delegation to a committee. The Board has remained mindful of the potential impacts on key stakeholders and factored their needs and concerns into all discussions and decision making in accordance with s 172 of the Companies Act 2006. Not all stakeholders are impacted by all decisions. Some decisions may result in conflicting needs of stakeholders, and the Board has ensured fairness in its decision making. Major decisions and considerations made during 2019 include: 
• Approval of the 2018 Annual accounts and fmancial statements. 
• Approved the UK tax strategy, the UK annual tax report and received updates on key tax topics including our low risk status with HMRC. 
• Participated in Brexit task force meetings and contributed to the long-term Brexit strategy. 
• Attended discussions that determined the appropriate number of governance forums (i.e. sub-committees) and related content that should be covered in each. 
• Received detailed analysis of the costs, benefits, time lines and budgets of future projects and approved projects that will promote the future of the Company. 
• Participated in approval ofre-positioning of our UK Sales Team. • Updated the Arla UK defined benefit pension plan trustees regarding the Company's performance. Principle decision making examples 
The following describes how a principle decision has been made by the Board and how consideration has been given to the key stakeholders effected. 
Principle decision 
How the Board considered stakeholder interests 
Stakeholder groups and other section s172 duties considered 
Approval of the Company's 2020 strategy and forecasts 
The Board discussed the foundations for the strategy of the Company at a Group level initially, before building up the strategy with involvement of the UK CLF, in order to ensure the key outcomes considered the needs of all functional departments. Collaboration with Group is maintained throughout the process. The process involved identification of our key external stakeholders' needs including our farmer owners, customers and consumers, our workforce needs, Group strategic aims including long term sustainability ambition, and developing into our key strategic goals. 
Stakeholders: 
Colleagues, Group, Governments and regulators, customers, consumers, farmer owners, external suppliers. 
S 172 duties: Promote 
long-term success of the Company. 
Principle decisions made by the 
Board/Committees 
The Board approved the 2020 strategy, including the measurable goals for 2020. 
This plan was communicated to the Group for final approval.



 
Principle 6: Stakeholder Relationships & Engagement (continued) Principle decision making examples (continued) Principle decision 
How the Board considered stakeholder Stakeholder groups interests 
and other section s172 duties considered 
Approval of acquisition of PCL 24/7 Ltd (note 31 of the fmancial statements for further details) 
These projects reduced our logistics costs through bringing outsourced logistic operations 
in-house. The Directors 
considered all aspects of the project, such as costs involved and the expected benefits. The risks of the project were outlined and assessed, whilst weighing against the potential 
upsides for the business. 
Colleagues were regularly updated on the nature and progress of the project at each stage. Group was involved in the assessment of the feasibility of the project and its approval. The impact on our costs base was considered and what benefits could be realised. 
This report was approved by the Board of Directors on 26 August 2020 and signed on its behalf 
Stakeholders: External suppliers, Colleagues, Group, customers, consumers. 
S172 duties: Promote long-term success of the Company 
Principle decisions made by the 
Board/Committees 
The Board approved the projects following a period of assessment. 
This plan was communicated to the Group for final approval.
