Corporate Governance Report 
The directors have considered the Companies (Miscellaneous Reporting) Regulations 2018 (the Regulations) and have decided that applying and reporting against The Wates Corporate Governance Principles for Large Private Companies (the Wates Principles) is the most appropriate way to comply with the requirements of the Regulations. In addition, doing so allows the directors to report the steps they have taken to have regard to all relevant factors prescribed by Section 172(1) of the Companies Act 2006. 
During the year ended 31 March 2020, the directors reviewed the Company's existing corporate governance practices. The directors explored the extent to which the Company already applies the Wates Principles, and identified where corporate governance practices could be improved through careful planning and phased implementation. The directors believe that the Company has made meaningful progress during the year ended 31 March 2020. Going forward, the directors will continue to review and challenge how the Company can improve its application of the Wates Principles and engagement with its stakeholders. 
Principle 1- Purpose and Leadership 
The Company's Vision and Mission are set out in statements which have been communicated and adopted by the Company and across the wider Group. These statements fundamentally inform and drive the long-term decision making of the Company: • • 
Vision: technology that invisibly enables opportunity for a globally connected population. 
Mission: o to deploy secure, energy efficient Arm-based technology wherever computing happens; o to securely connect and manage the world's devices and data; and o to use Arm partnership business model to ensure Arm technology helps to realise the Global Goals5• 
In addition, the Company's values and culture are captured in a single set of "Core Beliefs" which are communicated and applied by the Company and across the wider Group on an ongoing basis: 
'We, not I' - this means collaboration first, egos last. 
'Passion for progress' -this refers to innovation that enables Arm's ecosystems, Arm and its people to thrive. 
'Be your brilliant self -this is exemplified by skilful individuality, performance and fulfilment. 
The board recognises that the Company's Values, Strategy and Culture require ongoing review and improvement through regular engagement with the workforce. This is done through various employee engagement channels described below in "Principle 6 -Stakeholders", and they allow the board to monitor culture, maintain unity under a single set of principles and helps the board to deliver effective leadership and direction, and ultimately increase the competitive advantage of the Company. 
Principle 2 - Board Composition 
The board consists of four non-executive directors and two executive directors, as listed in the section below entitled "Directors' Report- Directors". There are currently no independent directors. The non-executive directors represent the equity interests of the shareholders of the Company. The shareholders conduct their own internal assessment of director performance and make all director nominations and, as such, a nominations committee is not regarded as necessary at this stage. The board will continue to assess the merits of a nominations committee to oversee board composition and director performance as the Company continues to develop.

Principle 2 - Board Composition (continued) 
The Company has a separate Chairman and Chief Executive, which helps ensure an appropriate division of responsibility, accountability and decision-making within the board. The directors have equal voting rights and they have access to the advice and services of a company secretary and other professional support. Briefings on a wide range of topics are provided to the directors, including Code of Conduct, Anti-trust, Anti-bribery and Corruption, with additional information and training provided upon request. 
Directors are nominated and appointed to the board by the shareholders of the Company who primarily consider a candidate's skillset, experience and suitability for the role. There is a broad range of ethnic diversity and diversity of experience amongst board members, but it is recognised that there is a lack of gender diversity on the board of the Company and this is an area which the board will be looking to address. 
Principle 3 - Directors' Responsibilities 
To ensure appropriate board oversight, the board schedules regular meetings at which it reviews the key aspects of the business including financial performance, strategy, market conditions and prospects, risks and opportunities, operational matters, workforce, health and safety, sustainability, all supported by key performance indicators. Financial information is collated from the Company's accounting systems and information is managed by the Company's dedicated finance function. Processing and reporting of data as well as financial controls are closely monitored by the Company's audit function under the Audit Committee's supervision. 
The Chief Executive, the Executive Committee and other committees provide detailed reports and analyses to the board, including data on financial performance, KPls, and the output of key stakeholder engagement. In advance of each board meeting, the Chief Executive and General Counsel prepare a board pack which includes pre-read materials prepared by executive management teams. There is open and informed discussion during board meetings which is regularly supported by presentations to the board by senior management. 
While the board delegates an appropriate level of authority to the Executive Committee and other internal committees, key decisions are reserved for the board of the Company as described in the section above entitled "Strategic Report-Section 172 Companies Act 2006". 
Day-to-day operational responsibility rests with the Chief Executive and the Executive Committee which includes the Chief Operating Officer, Chief Financial Officer and other senior officers from across the business functions. Each Executive Committee member possesses the expertise and skills required for their role and there is a good balance of gender and ethnic diversity. 
In addition, there are a number of other committees which oversee different areas of the Company's governance. The first three in the list below are board-constituted committees which are attended primarily by certain members of the board, and others are established by the executive management and are attended by the Executive Committee members and other senior employees: 

Audit Committee Remuneration Committee 
Sub-Committee (for conducting and approving administrative matters on behalf of the board) • 
Executive Committee Compliance Committee 
Risk Review Committee Investment Committee



 
Principle 3 - Directors' Responsibilities (continued) 
In order to maintain high standards of business conduct, through the leadership and oversight of the board, the Company has implemented, maintains, and monitors compliance with, various policies relating to the internal affairs of the Company and the wider Group, including but not limited to: 
• Code of Conduct • 
Supplier Code of Conduct 
Anti-Bribery & Corruption Policy Whistleblowing Policy 
Principle 4 - Opportunity and Risk Opportunity 
The Company has a well-developed system for identifying opportunities to promote the long-term sustainable success of the Group. The Executive Committee provides regular updates to the board regarding commercial and technological developments. These updates from the Executive Committee enable informed and dynamic discussion and decision-making by the board. 
Risk 
The Company has put in place internal control processes to manage and mitigate risk, including through the operation of key governance committees: 
• The Audit Committee consists of a non-executive director of the Company and two executives of other companies within the SoftBank Group (other than the Company). It oversees the performance of the Group's internal audit function and controls, as well as meeting with and receiving reports from the external auditor and executive management. 
• The Risk Review Committee consists of Executive Committee members and business unit leads. It oversees the risk appetite of the Group, the risk management framework and controls, and the governance structures that supports it. 
• The Compliance Committee consists of Executive Committee members and business unit leads. It is responsible for monitoring and ensuring compliance with the Group's system of internal controls and relevant regulations and standards. 
Principle 5 - Remuneration 
The Remuneration Committee recommends remuneration policies to the board concerning pay strategy, recruitment, retention and incentivisation. These policies align with the Company's Vision, Mission and Core Beliefs, while taking into account the pay and working conditions of employees around the Group and the broader operating environment in which it operates. The Remuneration Committee consists of non-executive directors who operate pursuant to terms of reference that were adopted during the year ended 31 March 2020. 
Gender pay gap is an area of active focus for the Company. Accordingly, a pay equity analysis is undertaken each year which identifies irregularities for consideration and action. The gender pay gap for the Company is disclosed annually in compliance with statutory reporting obligations.



 
Principle 6 - Stakeholders 
The Chief Executive provides a briefing on stakeholder engagement to each scheduled meeting of the board through a stakeholder dashboard report, and directors have the opportunity to discuss and provide feedback, and to consider stakeholder engagement when making decisions. Having completed a detailed review of our stakeholders during the year ended 31 March 2020, the following were identified as key stakeholders of the Company: 
Customers. The Company has continued to pursue engagement with and feedback from its customers through structured meetings on a regular basis. These include strategic meetings where senior management meet to discuss the current state of business, align with the customer's strategy and timescales, and address any concerns or feedback. Technical review meetings are also held involving senior technical management and engineers where they discuss the current technical status, align with the customer's project progress, deep dive into relevant technical areas and create action plans for technical issues. Other customer engagement methods involve workshops, de mos, attendance at conferences, and events and surveys. 
Suppliers. Continued supplier engagement and feedback helps improve the quality of service delivered to the Company. The Company maintains regular dialogue with its suppliers and feedback is received and managed through each relevant business function. The Company is also currently developing systems for better supplier management and engagement. These include implementing supplier management leading practice training, implementing a leading practice supplier risk management process, rolling out a supplier Executive sponsorship programme, developing a supplier's sustainability and diversity policy, and 360-degree feedback surveys for suppliers. 
Employees. Employees are actively encouraged to provide feedback, report concerns and raise questions. Interactive engagement with the workforce is foundational to the Company's Vision, Mission and Core Beliefs, which are actively promoted by the board and cascaded to all levels of management and across the workforce. 
During the year ended 31 March 2020, employee engagement was undertaken through a variety of channels. The Company has held Quarterly Business Update meetings to which all employees are invited to receive an update on business performance, strategy and other important aspects of the Company's activities and culture that impact the workforce, and have the opportunity to ask questions or seek clarifications. Feedback was received through annual "Life at Arm" surveys rolled out to all employees, which provides valuable insight on sentiment and engagement and other areas such as diversity and inclusion. Throughout the year, multiple "In Conversation With" sessions were held where employees have an opportunity to engage directly with individuals from the senior management. Each business function convened numerous "All-hands" meetings to address key topics and issues arising at business unit or regional level. Further, communication was effected through the use of in-house social media, publications, electronic bulletins and the Company's intranet. 
Towards the end of 2019, employees were asked for their feedback on the Company's Core Beliefs in order to check whether they remain a source of competitive advantage for the Company given the significant amount of change it has gone through since 2014, when the Core Beliefs were first introduced. New indicators were launched on 1 April 2020 to reflect the feedback received. 
Diversity and Inclusion have been a key topic for the past year. At the end of September 2019, the Company celebrated "Inclusion Week" - a campaign to provide tools and guidance to support, foster and build an inclusive environment. Throughout key locations lunch and learns were hosted on why inclusion matters, along with Project Everyone unconscious bias training workshops and a new resource on the Giving Hub: Diversity, Inclusion and Belonging Challenge with 426 tasks completed to date.



 
Principle 6 - Stakeholders (continued) 
Health and safety of employees remains one of the top priorities for the board. During the final weeks of the year ended 31 March 2020, the COVID-19 virus pandemic and subsequent "lock-down" saw significant impact to employees' lives and working conditions. The Company responded quickly and robustly to the pandemic to protect and support the employees during this unprecedented time. Actions have included, among others, regular crisis response team meetings, dissemination of accurate information and two-way interaction through HR systems and social channels, regular communications from the CEO and members of the Executive Committee, IT support, guides and resources in connection with working from home and Life at Arm while working from home survey. 
Public Organisations. The Company engages with a variety of governmental and intergovernmental bodies, trade associations and local communities on a global basis. The Chief Executive is a key industry contributor and leader holding positions in business and trade organisations in the semiconductor industry. For example, he is the vicechair of the Semiconductor Industries Association and is also on the board of the Global Semiconductor Alliance. These member organisations address key issues affecting the relevant industry sector and also seek to promote responsible growth in the technology space or within the broader engineering field on issues of education, technology for good, diversity and inclusion. Regular meetings, preparation of letters and policy papers are some of the activities to which the Company contributes. Please see section above entitled "Strategic Report- Section 172 Companies Act 2006" for details on engagement with intergovernmental bodies and local communities.
