Corporate Governance report for the year ended 31 March 2020 
For the year ended 31 March 2020, the company has used the Wates Corporate Governance Principles for Large Private Companies ("Wates") under The Companies (Miscellaneous Reporting) Regulations 2018 ("the Reporting Regulations"), the principles being published by the Financial Reporting Council ("FRC") in December 2018. 
The new corporate governance reporting requirements under the Reporting Regulations apply to companies reporting for financial years starting on or after 1 January 2019, and the company has chosen to adopt the Wates principles as an appropriate framework for disclosure of !ts corporate governance arrangements. 
The Directors of the company have set out below how the Wates Corporate Governance Principles have been applied over the financial year ending on 31 March 2020, including the period of operation of the Northern Rail franchise until 1 March 2020. 
Principle 1 Purpose and leadership 
The company's purpose was to operate rail services, in particular the operation of the Northern Rail franchise under a franchise agreement signed with the Secretary of State for Transport on 22 December 2015 ("the Franchise Agreement"). The company undertook the Northern rail services under the Franchise Agreement until 1 March 2020. 
Following the cessation of franchise operations, the company's purpose is to achieve a solvent wind down of operations and the directors are focused on maximising recoveries for creditors from recovery of its remaining assets 
The company is a member of the Arriva group. The Arriva group was founded in 1938 when the Cowie family opened a second hand motorcycle shop in Sunderland. Over the next half a century the group established a large network of motor dealerships, then expanded into public transport in the early 1990s. The Arriva group decided to focus solely on public transport, and sold the group's previous core business of motor dealerships, in 2002. The Arriva group is now a major pan European public transport operator, operating public transport services in fourteen countries with over 60,000 employees. 
The Arriva group has been owned by Deutsche Bahn since August 2010. 
The Arriva group operates across Europe in four areas of public transport services namely buses, trains, trams and waterbus, as well as providing demand responsive transport solutions. The Arriva group has the following defined vision, strategy and set of values: 
The vision is to be "Mobility partner of Choice". The strategic focus is: "the Best Employees", great people will choose to work for Arriva, in an environment where they can succeed. "preferred by our customers", customers will choose mobility solutions that are affordable and 
meet their needs. 
"a strong foundation" by growing in existing and new markets Arriva group will further strengthen its strong oundation. 
"a bigger and better Arriva" improving existing business will create the platform to enable growth. "a bigger and better Arriva" improving the Arriva group's existing business will create the platform enable growth. 
The values are "One Arriva; Great customer experience; Doing the right thing; and Thinking beyond". 
The Arriva group's vision, strategy and values were updated during 2018. This was communicated to the workforce through the Group's intranet, written communication and verbally through a variety of employee forums



 Principle 2 Board Composition 
Induction of new senior managers was led by each division, and locally within each company, as part of the . induction process new senior managers were encouraged to learn about the business and their team. 
There was a strong suite of information available to senior managers, including access to the Statutory Directors Handbook and to Arriva's Standards of Business Conduct. 
In addition, all senior managers were required to complete elearning within their first 3 months of employment on the following subjects, Information Security & Data Protection, Competing Fairly, Financial Crime and Standards of Business Conduct. 
· 
At 31 March 2020, the company's board (the Board) is made up of four executive directors, and the Company Secretary. 
Following the loss of the Northern Franchise on 1 March 2020, the board composition was updated and now comprises of four executive directors. This size and composition of the board is considered appropriate for the business at the current time. 
Directors Biographies Chris Burchell: The Managing Director of Arriva UK Trains, has over 20 years executive and board level 
experience in operations, strategy and corporate leadership enabling him to challenge direction and decisions whilst bringing a strong governance focus. 
Amanda Furlong: Finance and Commercial Director of Arriva UK Trains, a qualified and experienced 
executive finance director with extensive experience in Financial & Strategic management, Risk management, compliance, and problem resolution. Her extensive experience brings strong corporate governance to the company. 
Helen Boatman: An experienced Bid Finance Director, with over 20 years' experience in various sectors 
including rail. She is a specialist in analysis and risk management and brings the required level of experience and knowledge to the company as the services of the Northern franchise are transferred out of the company. 
Alex Scott: A Finance Director with ten years' experience of the rail sector and extensive commercial and digital knowledge. Experienced in transformation, project delivery and ensuring robust financial governance. 
Arriva is committed to making the Arriva group an ever more inclusive environment, and fostering a more diverse workforce, including at the most senior levels. As an example, in 2019 the Arriva group introduced a programme called "GAIN for Gender", which established our Global Arriva Inclusion Network to support Arriva's diverse workforce. 
The directors have equal voting rights when making decisions. All directors of the company have access to the advice and services of the Arriva group Company Secretarial team and may, if they wish, take independent professional advice at the company's expense. 
The directors of Arriva pie delegate the day to day management of Arriva pie's operations to the Arriva Management Board (AMB), a sub-committee of the Arriva pie Board. The membership of the AMB includes the Managing Director of the UK Trains division of Arriva (who is also a director of the company).



 
Principle 2 Board Composition (continued) The AMB ensures that the Arriva group's overall strategy is implemented and communicated across the group. 
Across all Arriva group companies in the UK, there is an induction programme and guide for all new directors. In addition, there is an annual director's duty training session for directors who feel they require additional training or a refresh. 
Principle 3 Director Responsibilities Accountability 
The Arriva group believes that good governance is key to running a successful business, especially one which operates in several different countries. The company's governance structure is underpinned by an Arriva group Governance Manual and Approval and Authorities guide, which are reviewed annually by the group's Company Secretarial team. Although board oversight is always maintained, key Arriva group strategic decisions are made by the AMB and other committees in accordance with the Arriva group's delegation of authorities. 
The board currently has one meeting each month, which in addition to the current 4 directors also includes the UK Trains Head of Legal and UK Trains Bid Director. 
The directors complete an annual senior manager and Standards of Business Conduct compliance training confirming that they have behaved in accordance with the Group's behaviours and values. 
· 
Conflicts of interest training is included within the financial crime training module, and all office-based staff of the company are required to complete this module when they join the business, and thereafter annually as a refresher. 
The company maintains a conflicts register which captures the following: Contact with a competitor or public official - this form captures instances of employee contact with competitors and public officials, including a record of what was discussed and should be completed within forty-eight hours of the relevant contact taking place. 
: declare 
Conflicts of interest - this form captures instances of conflicts that the company's employees must as outlined within the Arriva groups' Conflict of Interest Policy and Guidelines. 
Gift, hospitality or donation - this form captures instances of any gift, hospitality and donation that the company's employees must declare in accordance with the Arriva Groups' Anti-Bribery Policy and Guidelines. 
There is an annual declaration required in relation to any potential conflicts of interest by all Arriva group statutory directors. In addition new directors must complete a directors appointment pack which contains a list of their statutory duties under the 2006 Companies Act, and a declaration of all their current directorships, both internal and external. The information provided by the directors is added to the annual conflicts of interest register maintained by the Arriva group's Company Secretarial team. 
Committees Arriva Management Board 
The Arriva Management Board ("AMB") is a subcommittee of the Arriva pie Board and is the senior management forum for the Arriva group. It is collectively responsible for the Arriva group's overall strategy. It monitors operational and financial 
------performance,-assessment and control·of risk;-management·of group· resources ·and the·govemance framework,---to assist with the effective discharge of legal, ethical and social responsibilities of Arriva as a group.



 Principle 3 Director Responsibilities (continued) AMB Investment Committee The AMB Investment C~mmittee ("AMB IC") is a subcommittee of the AMB which meets weekly. 
It is the forum in which the Arriva pie CEO and CFO exercise their respective delegated authority in relation to major investment decisions. 
The AMB IC considers, reviews and scrutinises potential bids, all external acquisitions and disposals of companies and other projects involving significant expenditure across the Arriva group. The AMB IC reports to the AMB all decisions taken at the AMB meeting following the AMB IC meeting. AMB HSE Committee The AMB Environment, Health and Safety Committee is a subcommittee of the AMB which meets quarterly. 
It assists the AMB, and ultimately the Arriva pie Board, to fulfil their overall responsibilities in relation to health, safety and environmental matters arising from the activities of the Arriva group (including the company). Integrity of information 
The company's Board receives timely information in advance of each board meeting on all key aspects of the business including health and safety, the financial performance of the company, and operational matters. Key financial information is collected from the Arriva group's accounting systems. 
The financial statements for the company are externally audited by PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP on an annual basis. Other key information is prepared by the relevant internal Arriva group function. Principle 4 Opportunity and Risk Opportunity 
Prior to the termination of the franchise, key strategic opportunities, including mergers and acquisitions and tenders were highlighted in the Arriva group's annual strategy developed by the New Business Development team, which was presented to the Arriva pie board each year. The Arriva pie board sought out opportunities drawn from business operations existing at the time, and the AMB. Opportunities to improve business unit performance were highlighted through the quarterly business unit review updates.



 Principle 4 Opportunity and Risk (continued) Risk 
The Arriva pie board reviews the risks facing the Arriva group and the controls which are in place. Risk management and effective internal controls implementation is delegated to the AMB. 
The AMB continues to review the control framework of the Arriva group on a regular basis and reports back to the Arriva pie board. 
The Arriva group's internal controls are based around the German accounting law regulations which sets out appropriate controls and measures and helps evaluate risk management. These controls are regularly reviewed by the group's internal audit function and monitored by the group's assurance function. 
There are regular updates by the Arriva group audit team and group assurance team to the Arriva Pie board on the Arriva group's control system, and their compliance to the controls framework. 
The Arriva group's key operational risks and mitigation thereto are outlined in the Strategic Report Principal risks and uncertainty on page 3. The company's Strategic Report includes key risks that are monitored by the AMB. 
The systems and controls of the Arriva group are designed to manage and mitigate the risks in line with the Arriva Pie board's risk appetite. However, it is accepted that they cannot provide a total assurance that a risk will not materialise. 
Responsibilities 
The Group has developed an Operating Framework which captures the Group's operating rules, processes, and delegated authorities. 
Authority required for each type and value of transaction is delegated by the Board and is determined by the Group's delegation of authority guidelines included in the Arriva Corporate Governance Manual to ensure that the appropriate level of diligence and oversight has been performed in understanding the obligations, risks and terms of each transaction. This enables the Group to meet its strategic objectives and all transactions, including group contracts, are fully reviewed and assessed in alignment with the Group's strategy and risk appetite before approval is granted. 
Principle 5 Remuneration 
The Arriva group's remuneration policy is currently set by the Arriva Pie board and monitored and reviewed annually by the Arriva board. 
The Arriva group is an active equal opportunities employer and promotes an environment free from discrimination, harassment and victimisation, where everyone receives equal treatment and career development regardless of age, gender, nationality, ethnic origin, religion, marital status, sexual orientation or disability. All decisions relating to employment practices (including remuneration) are objective, free from bias and based solely upon work criteria and individual merit. 
The goal of our remuneration policy is to help attract, retain and engage the best-qualified leaders and to incentivise and reward them appropriately for delivering the company strategy in line with the Arriva group's leadership behaviours. The company balances short-term operational performance, with the delivery of longerterm profits and returns and recognises its social impact on employees and customers. 
The remuneration policy was created with the following principles at the core: to structure pay that is performance-driven; to set pay that reflects the Arriva group's international scope, whilst being locally competitive; and to align pay design with wider workforce arrangements to the extent possible.



 Principle 6 Stakeholders 
The board of the company promotes good governance, which is key to achieving the Arriva group's strategy, as well as continuing its good relationship with all stakeholders including, customers, employees, suppliers and the local communities in which the company operated. 
External impacts 
The Arriva group is committed to social responsibility, working with local communities and environmental sustainability. It achieves this by working with the local community and promoting working together. Arriva UK Trains, including the company during the financial year ending 2019, had a successful corporate partnership with the National Literacy Trust which delivers engagement opportunities for staff, children and parents across the UK trains operating network. 
The Arriva group works closely with 'Business in the Community' in the UK, which is a British business community outreach charity promoting responsible business, and responsible business practices. 
The Department for Transport is a key external stakeholder. During the period of the franchise operations, the transfer of the rail operations for the Northern franchise and in the current period of demobilisation, the company has maintained a collaborative working relationship with the Department for Transport, which has facilitated the smooth transition of franchise operations. 
Stakeholders 
The board promotes stakeholder engagement, as well as transparency with all external stakeholders and with representatives of local and national government. 
In 2019 the Arriva group launched "GAIN for Mental Health", which is our Global Arriva Inclusion Network to help promote the available support around Mental Health, and to encourage employees to share their stories in order to tackle the issues and provide support. 
Biennial employee surveys are used to highlight areas of improvement, and areas of concern. The AMB oversees initiatives to improve any highlighted areas in the employee survey, as well as maintaining the areas highlighted by employees which already work well. There is a weekly update for employees via the Arriva group's intranet highlighting success stories, as well as a drive to improve connectivity and work together as One Arriva through the use of technology.

