Corporate governance arrangements 
Arva! UK is committed to promoting the highest standards of corporate governance, and has practices in place to support the Board in achieving sustainable value, Board effectiveness and, as applicable, to ensure consistency and alignment with the wider A1yal Group's goals. 
For the year ending 2019, under The Companies (Miscellaneous Reporting) Regulations 2018, Arva! UK applied the Wates Corporate Governance Principles for Large Private Companies (published by the Financial Reporting Council 'FRC' in December 2018). 
Purpose and Leadership 
Arva! UK's purpose is to improve people's lives through personalised and sustainable seamless journeys - mobility solutions, offering convenient, efficient and flexible solutions. Arva! UK's communication strategy identifies the individuality of each stakeholder, and believes in fostering understanding and trust with an open approach to communication. 
Values and Culture 
Arva! UK is committed to diversity, community engagement, social responsibility and environmental sustainability. 
Its Code of Conduct sits at the heart of every action and guides all decisions at all levels of the organisation, informing how business is done. Upholding Arva! UK's·values is essential for pursuing strategy whilst safeguarding the trust of customers, shareholders and the wider community.

Individual Senior Managers have an important part to play in establishing and embedding the right culture and governance, and to improve the standard of conduct at all levels. 
Customer experience sits at the heart of Arva! UK and its BRA YO Customer Experience training develops and enhances communication skills and customer awareness amongst our employees. Strategy 
Arva! UK's strategy is to remain as co-pilot, looking beyond cars, providing mobility solutions within a rapidly changing environment. Arva! UK believes car-on-demand is the future of mobility. At the same time environmental sustainability sits at the heart of Arva! UK's strategy and the company is always looking at ways to reduce, reuse and r~cycle. 
Arva! UK has adopted a·SMaRT methodology to its sustainability ambitions, including current fleet analysis, transition to a greener fleet and alternative mobility solutions. The company is at the forefront of diverse vehicles technologies, is part of The Hydrogen Hub and has saved over 110 tonnes ofCO2 in 2019 through operational and fleet'policy changes. 
Arva! UK is committed to helping its customers limit their environmental impact and supporting them with their energy transition to electrified vehicles by offering alternative sustainable mobility solutions and products such as Arva! Active Link which monitor fuel efficiency and co2 emissions. 
Board Composition 
The Board is committed to boardroom diversity and ensuring it has the appropriate balance of skills, experience, independence and knowledge of the company to enable directors to discharge their respective duties and responsibilities effectively. 
Both appointments and succession plans are based on merit and objective criteria promoting diversity of gender, social and ethnic backgrounds as well as cognitive and personal strengths. The Board assesses the suitability of its composition on an annual basis, in light of its underlying activities and by use of a skills matrix, in accordance with BNP Paribas Group's Suitability Policy. 
The Board has recently been through composition changes to improvt: ils diversity of skills, backgrounds, experience and knowledge. 
The Arva! Group in the UK has enhanced its Corporate Governance Framework to support the Board in achieving sustainability and effectiveness. 
The Board comprises of diverse skills, external and international experience and a strong knowledge of the business. Identified gaps in specific knowledge are closed off by advisors the Board can consult with. Whilst the diversity has improved, there is a need for greater gender and ethnic diversity and strategies are in place to combat this, including a newly formed Talent Committee and Rise Programme. 
All directors are subject to the requirements of the Senior Managers Regime, including the conduct rules and must satisfy requirements relating to their fitness and propriety. 
All directors are provided with periodic training both collectively and individually. Arva! UK is enhancing its Director induction and training programme to assist the directors •in having a detailed understanding of their duties and responsibilities as well as the governance arrangements.



In 2019 an internaf·Board evaluation was conducted on behalfofthe Chair. rt concluded the Board, although in its infancy, was effective and could benefit from improvements to its governance framework, diversity and Director training. Many ofthe recommendations set out in the report have been put in place. 
Directors Responsibilities· 
The Board aligns the company's values, standards, strategic aims and appetite to risk with the BNP Paribas Group ("Group") after ensuring they are in Arval UK's interest. The directors act in good faith, in what they honestly believe to be the best interests of the Company, and not for any collateral purpose. directors will both individually .and collectively consult with and challenge the wider Arval Group on alignment issues. 
The Board convenes for at least three Board meetings per year, has additional meetings as required, quarterly business review meetings and annual offsite meetings. 
Arval UK does not have Boar:d Committees. The Managing Director is delegated responsibility for the day to day operation and general management of Arva) UK and chairs the Senior Managers Committee ("SMC"} and Executive Committee ("Exec"). The Managing Director communicates· the strategic objectives and values to the company. The SMC and Exec escalate matters to the Board in accordance with their Terms of Reference. 
Throughout 2019 the Board received regular reports and information from the business both in and outside Board Meetings. This information includes regulatory changes, current risks and opportunities, financial performance, operational issues and market conditions. 
Remuneration Arval 's directors are not remunerated for their role on the Board. Opportunity and Risk 
Arva) UK contributes regularly to the wider Arva) Group's Strategic Plan, the current plan, "Arval Beyond", spans the period 2020 to 2024. 
A comprehensive set of annual plans are prepared by Arval UK covering the three main operational areas - Sales, Operations and Remarketing. These plans are discussed and agreed with the wider Arva) Group and constitute the base of the global budget approved by the Board. 
Throughout the year Arval UK takes a balanced approach to opportunity and risk, and both are presented to the Board at each Board Meeting. 
A recent focus on adjustments has re-defined Arva( UK's approach to risk appetite. Key Performance Indicators are set against different business areas and this appetite is monitored with a justification and. action plan. Risk controls and checks are increasingly aligned with corporate policy, adopting the same methodology to underlying asset risk.

Stakeholder Relationships and Engagement The Board is committed to social responsibility and environmental sustainability. it also believes in fostering open and strong relationships with its ultimate parent company, shareholders, subsidiaries, customers, suppliers and local communicates. 
The Board is actively engaged with ensuring customers stay connected. It regularly holds Customer Forums and has, together with the members of the Exec, promoted connection with its customers through a digital ecosystem of platforms such as My Arval for clients, Arval Active Link, Service Delivery and My Arval for drivers. 
11rroughout the year Arval UK runs its Net Promoter program.me which generates a Net Promoter Score ("NPS") from its customers. The program.me gives Arval UK an insight into progress, improvements and systemic issues from the customer's perspective. Account managers speak directly to its customers about the findings, irrespective of the outcome and Arval UK generates an action plan based on the NPS and feedback. Arva! UK has seen an incremental increase in the NPS over the years the program.me has been run. 
Arva! UK is fully committed to working together with suppliers to ensure it delivers Corporate Social Responsibility in a meaningful way. Arval UK does this by consistently engaging with suppliers and developing action plans to maintain and enhance the delivery of environmental, sustainable and socially aware products and· services bo1;h now and into the future. 
Arval UK is passionate about road safety; the company sp011.sors the Global Fleet Champion programme and has educated over 14,000 school children in road safety. 
The company also runs programmes such as Arval Inspires, which aims to develop business skills in students from local schools. 
As part of BNP Paribas, Arval UK supports the United Nation's 17 Sustainable Development Goals
