Section 172 statement 
Section 172 of the Companies Act 2006 ("the Act") requires directors to take into consideration the interests of stakeholders in their decision-making having regard to the matters set out in SI 72(1)(a)-(t) of the Act. The following section sets out how the directors have engaged with the company's stakeholders during the year. 
In the companies provision of management services to the Arva! UK group and in their decision-making, the directors have regard to the impact on its key stakeholders; parent company, subsidiaries, employees and suppliers, as well as Corporate Social R~sponsibility ("CSR") and environmental sustainability. 
For the year ending 2019, under The Companies (Miscellaneous Reporting) Regulations 2018, the company applied the Wates Corporate Governance Principles for Large Private Companies (published by the Financial Reporting Council 'FRC' in December 2018). 
Arva! UK Group's Code of Conduct sits at the heart of every action and guides all decisions at all levels of the organisation. It informs how business is done, how work is performed and how people are cared for.
Upholding the company's values is essential for pursuing strategy while safeguarding the trust of customers, employees, shareholders and the wider community. The company's individual directors and senior managers have an important part to play in establishing and embedding the right culture and governance, and to improve the standard of conduct at all levels. 
The Board aligns the company's values, standards, strategic aims and appetite to risk with those of the 
_ BNP Paribas Group, after ensuring they are in the company's best interest. Directors will both individually and collectively consult with and challenge the wider. Arval Group on alignment issues. 
The Board has recently been through composition changes to improve its diversity of skills, backgrounds, experience and knowledge. 
The Arval Group in the UK has enhanced its Corporate Governance Framework to support the Board in achieving sustainable and effectiveness. 
In 2019 an internal Board evaluation was conducted on behalf of the Chair. It concluded the Board, although in its infancy, was effective and could benefit from improvements to its governance framework, diversity and director training: Many of the recommendations set out in the report have been put in place. 
Throughout 2019 the Board received regular reports and information from the business on which decisions were made. Th.is information includes regulatory changes, current risks· and opportunities, financial performance, operational issues, market conditions, employee engagement and the impact on CSR. 
A comprehensive set of annual plans are prepared, discussed and agreed with the wider Arval Group and constitute the base of the global budget approved by the Board. Throughout the year the company takes a balanced approach to opportunity and risk, and both are presented to the Board at each Board Meeting. A recent focus on adjustments has re-defined the approach to risk appetite. Risk controls and checks are increasingly aligned with the wider Group corporate policy, adopting the same methodology to underlying asset risk. ·
