Corporate governance statement 
For the year ended 31 December 2019, pursuant to The Companies (Miscellaneous Reporting) Regulations 2018, the Company generally applied the Wates Corporate Governance Principles for Large Private Companies (the Wates Principles) (published by the Financial Reporting Council (FRC) in December 2018 and available on the FRC website). As the Company forms a part of the wider Group, the Company applies certain corporate governance measures as required by its ultimate parent company, which is registered in Canada and publicly listed on the Toronto Stock Exchange. Whilst the Company generally applies the Wates Principles, in some instances differing corporate governance practices apply due to it being part of a wider group. This statement establishes where the Company complies with the Wates Principles (as a benchmark) and where the Company deviates (and to what extent). 
Principle 1 - Purpose and leadership The Company strives to be a premier engineering solutions partner, committed to delivering complex projects from vision to reality for a sustainable ·lifespan. Further, the Company is one of the world's most respected design, engineering and project management consultancies and, in the UK, primarily serves aerospace, defence, infrastructure, transportation, and energy sectors with a strong focus on sustainability at the heart of everything it delivers. 
The Company (and the Group generally) maintains four key values: integrity, safety, collaboration, and innovation. These four values are embedded into the Company's culture. Every action and decision the Company takes is centred around these four values and employees are regularly encouraged to integrate them into everything they do. For example, meetings regularly begin with both a safety moment and an equality, diversity, and inclusion moment, and an integrity moment where employees are encouraged to share their experiences of such matters (the moments themselves range from providing a relevant update related to the value to sharing personal experiences). The Company acknowledges the importance of acting with integrity and acting in a safe manner and further acknowledges that each of these values is particularly important in the engineering and construction industry within which the Company operates. Such values are also materially important for many of our stakeholders.


Principle 1 - Purpose and leadership (continued) Every year, and as detailed further in our Employee Engagement statement contained within these financial statements, the Company encourages every employee in the UK (and more widely, around the world) to undertake an anonymous employee engagement survey. From this survey working groups are regularly established to focus on particular areas where the Company wishes to improve, or survey results do not meet expectations. Such employee engagement surveys request feedback on employee awareness of the Company's vision, values and purpose as well as feedback on how employees undertake to improve awareness and feature these items at the heart of their engagement with suppliers, customers and other stakeholders. The survey also aims to understand employee awareness and view of the Company's culture. 
Each director of the Company is a member of a wider management team within the Group (such as the Group's Operational Leadership Team, Operational Leadership Group and Executive Committee). Directors use their role on such committees and teams to further understand stakeholder and shareholder views and build and strengthen relationships with such stakeholders and shareholders. 
The Company has a number of procedures and processes in place to ensure that all employees focus on the Company's strategy and values at every opportunity. Such processes include risk and governance reviews, in line with the Company's risk and governance policies, as well as an independent whistle-blower hotline which is available for all employees to raise any concerns they may have. 
In addition, the Board regularly reviews conflicts of interest and encourages all directors to raise any conflicts of interest (either actual or perceived). Such conflicts are usually considered and noted and approved by board resolution on an ad hoe basis where they arise, and the Company is made aware. 
Principle 2 - Board composition The Company considers that its Board is of an appropriate size for the functions and responsibilities being discharged. The Company believes that the Board is sufficiently diverse with regard to experience and background, however the Company is always seeking ways to improve its diversity through its succession planning and talent management processes. The Company appoints its directors based on Group policies and with reference to the individual's seniority and experience. Directors are selected in a way to provide a broad representation of each of the Company's business units and functions in the UK. Succession planning for directors of the Company is driven by each business unit as well as by the Company's general human resources policies. Director effectiveness is measured annually by way of the Group's performance and development review process. 
Principle 3 - Director responsibilities Each of the Company's directors recognises and understands their responsibilities in relation to their directorship. The diverse nature of the Board's composition (in relation to skills and experience) means that each director is expected to be accountable for businesses and functions within their control. Each director is expected to be involved in decisions which involve their area of responsibility and experience. For example, directors with a financial background are expected to be involved and advise on decisions of a financial nature (such as the payment of a dividend). 
The Company's appointed company secretaries regularly keep directors up-to-date and provides opportunities for directors to remain up-to-date with their responsibilities. The Company is in the process of creating a revised director induction pack which considers a large number of areas of director responsibility and accountability. It is expected that this induction pack will be shared with all directors in the UK once complete. 
The Company's company secretaries regularly review and discuss the Company's governance processes to understand how these can be improved to further strengthen the corporate governance standards of the Company (in line with, and where possible, beyond UK legislative requirements). The Company acknowledges its role in contributing to global sustainability, with specific reference as to how sustainability can be incorporated into projects we deliver. The Company's governance processes are designed with this in mind (among other metrics, such as the Company's purpose, values, and vision).



 Principle 3 - Director responsibilities (continued) With reference to the fact that the Company is a large subsidiary amongst the wider Group, each of the directors consider their responsibility towards the Company in the first instance so as to preserve long-term growth and success for shareholders (and other stakeholders more widely). Accordingly, each director of the Company considers transactions and interactions with other members of the Group with the same rigour as they would for external parties (such as customers and suppliers). The Board regularly draws on the expertise of varying corporate functions within the Group, such as the legal, tax, treasury, and finance functions to ensure that interactions with other parties (including fellow Group companies) are conducted in such a way that directors can appropriately discharge their responsibilities. 
In discharging their responsibilities, directors of the Company consider and obtain a wide range of information (much of which is considered in more detail throughout these financial statements, including the Strategic Report and Notes to the financial statements). This information is prepared and measured against a wide range of metrics, such as legislative requirements, best practice, key performance indicators, feedback from stakeholders, and other financial reporting metrics. For material discussions at Board meetings, board papers are prepared setting out details of the matters to be discussed as well as providing the Board and directors with sufficient information to discharge their responsibilities. The Company manages a self-certification process which provides the directors with the comfort that governance and financial processes are being carried out appropriately across the Company. Any exemptions to such certifications are investigated thoroughly and, where appropriate, changes implemented. 
Further details as to director responsibilities and how directors are held accountable to these responsibilities are set out in other sections of this Directors' Report. 
Principle 4 - Opportunity and risk The Company has a rigorous process for identifying opportunities to pursue, including the assessment and review of any opportunities identified to or made available by the Company. Any assessment of opportunities undertaken by the Company is conducted in a manner which considers their alignment to the Company's purpose, vision, and values. 
Following the identification and acceptance of any opportunities, the Company applies a rigorous stage gate review and governance process. This process commences upon the initial identification of an opportunity and continues throughout the execution of the project until the very final stage. During the governance and risk review process, any opportunity or project is reviewed regularly, including by independent (to the project or business unit) peer reviewers who provided detailed and rigorous challenge. Various metrics, as described above in the 'Director Responsibilities' section to this Corporate Governance statement are also applied to project opportunities. The Group as a whole, has a range of systems and processes available to it to review project opportunities and provide independent and random challenge. This includes an internal audit team who will select projects and opportunities at random and conduct thorough reviews to ensure all risk and governance processes are being followed. 
Where new risks are identified that may apply to the Company as a whole, rather than specific projects, working groups are established to review and understand the risk to the Company and its operations. For example, ahead of the UK's recent exit from the European Union, the Company established a working group to understand the impact of various hypothetical scenarios (such as the impact of a 'no deal' situation as well the impact of varying deals proposed by UK political groups). 
Further details regarding the Company's risks and how these have been considered are available in the Strategic Report contained within these financial statements. 
Principle 5 - Remuneration In general, the remuneration of directors of the Company is not determined at Board level and is instead determined in line with the Group's remuneration policies. The Group has a remuneration committee which considers and agrees the remuneration of senior managers and Board members of the Group as a whole (which encompasses certain members of the Company's board). Where appropriate, the Group retains an independent, external advisor to provide advice.
Principle 5 - Remuneration (continued) Directors are rewarded in line with the Group's remuneration and reward policies, which cover both base salary remuneration as well as other benefits and rewards, where appropriate. Reward guidelines focus on the Company's values, including integrity and safety. 
The Group reports annually on remuneration of senior members of the Executive Committee (including the Group's CEO) and how this compares with other members of the Group's peer group and general workforce. 
The Company reports annually on its gender pay gap and further details regarding this can be found in the Employee Engagement statement section of this Directors' Report. 
Principle 6 - Stakeholder relationships and engagement The Company acknowledges the importance of maintaining relationships with all stakeholders and engaging with these stakeholders to understand matters of importance to them. All engagement is undertaken with specific reference to the Company's purpose, value, and vision and these items form a basis of identification of stakeholders as well as engagement that takes place with them. 
All stakeholders are provided with opportunities and access to directors of the Company and senior management regularly. This allows for the facilitation of frequent and thorough feedback and engagement. 
The Board considers all stakeholders regularly when taking decisions and assigning actions accordingly. For example, the Company's pension fund is considered as one of the key stakeholders of the Company and is considered in most decisions, and particularly those which may have a financial impact upon the Company (such as the payment of dividends). Members of the Company's Board regularly meet with the Company's pension fund and its trustees in order to understand their views and provide support from the Company's perspective. 
Further details regarding the Company's stakeholders and how they identify and engage with them can be found in the Strategic Report, section 172 statement, and other sections of this Directors' Report, all contained within these financial statements.
