Statement of Corporate Governance Arrangements 
For the year ended 31 December 2019, the Company has applied the Wates Corporate Governance Principles for Large Private Companies (the "Principles"). Set out below shows how the Principles have been applied during 2019. Principle 1 - Purpose and leadership 
The Company is part of the Aviva Group. Following the appointment of Maurice Tulloch as Group CEO of Aviva pie in March 2019, the Group embarked on a strategic review aimed at optimising our organisational structure around creating excellent outcomes for our customers. Aviva'spurpose is to be 'with you today, for a better tomorrow' and this includes customers, employees and other stakeholders. The Group has set out three strategic priorities which will enable the business to fulfil this purpose: 
Deliver great customer outcomes; Excel at the fundamentals; and Invest in sustainable growth. 
The Board has made a number of strategic decisions through the year which are aligned to this purpose including the decision to split the UKI business into separate UK Life and Pensions and General Insurance business units. The Board has confirmed Savings and Retirement as a core growth opportunity together with Workplace benefits, Individual Protection and Health, leveragingAviva'sconsiderable expertise in these areas to the benefit of all our customers. 
The Board monitors the culture of the organisation and raises any concerns during meetings and the Board is able to express its views on the culture of the organisation through the Board Effectiveness Reviews. Culture management information has been added to the Board's annual planner to ensure the Board has the opportunity to review culture metrics and that employees have the right values, attitudes and behaviours and are focussed on doing the right thing for the customer. The Company complies with the Senior Managers' Certification Regime which further strengthens the drive for individual accountability.Employee engagement is measured through the Voice of Aviva employee surveys the output of which is reviewed by the Board and an action plan put in place to address areas identified by employees which may require further focus. 
The Board is responsible for promoting the long-term success of the Company for the benefit of its members as a whole, taking into account other stakeholders as defined by Section 172 of the Companies Act 2006; further information on this can be found in the Strategic report. The Board is responsible for setting the business strategy, monitoring performance against its strategic aims, setting the Company's risk appetite and monitoring the establishment and operation of prudent and effective controls. The Board also sets, monitors and upholds the culture, values, standards, ethics, brand and reputation of the Company to ensure that its obligations to its shareholders, employees, customers and others are met; monitors compliance with corporate governance principles; and ensures adequate succession planning for the Board and senior management to maintain an appropriate balance of skills and experience within the Company and on the Board. 
Principle 2 - Board Composition 
The Board has a separate Independent Non-Executive Chair and Chief Executive Officer to ensure that the balance of responsibilities, accountabilities and decision making across the Company is effectively maintained. The directors have equal voting rights when making decisions, exceptthe Chair, who has a casting vote. All directors have access to the advice and services of the Company Secretary. 
The Board has a skills matrix in place to ensure the composition of the Board contains the appropriate combination of skills, backgrounds, experience and knowledge to understand and guide the business. The skills matrix is a key tool in any Board recruitment process to ensure the most suitable candidates are put forward for appointment to fill any gaps identified and to maintain a focus on succession planningto ensure the composition of the Board remains appropriate. 
The Board is comprised of both Independent Non-Executive directors and Executive directors. The Board is responsible for organising and directing the affairs of the Company in a manner that is most likely to promote the success of the Company for its shareholders as a whole and in a way that is consistent with its Articles of Association, applicable regulatory requirements and current corporate governance practices. The Board has formal Terms of Reference which includes matters which it reserves to itself which are reviewed and updated annually. 
The Board undertook a formal effectiveness review of its performance, facilitated by Lintstock, in 2019, which comprised both a detailed questionnaire and individual interviews. The results were produced by Lintstock and presented to the Board at its meeting on 10 October 2019. Overall the review assessed that the Company was operating effectively and the Board had a good understanding of the Company's stakeholders and customers. The composition of the Board was deemed appropriate with the right skills and expertise on the Board to support the Company through its strategic journey, although the lack of diversity on the Board was noted. The Board evaluation tracker was subsequently refreshed to include new actions arising from the 2019 Evaluation process and will be updated on an ongoing basis throughout the year and shared regularly with the Board. The next independent assessment will take place in mid-2020. Overall, the 2019 Board Effectiveness Review assessed that the Board was operating effectively with a number of areas prioritised for focus during the coming year. 
Principle 3 - Director Responsibilities 
The Company operates in accordance with the Aviva Governance Framework, as approved by Aviva pie. The Aviva Governance Framework articulates the interrelation between our purpose, culture, values; its reporting and escalation structures and their alignment with legal and regulatory duties and its risk management framework. The core elements are the legal and regulatory flow of accountability and decision making and the Company's frameworks, policies and standards and the checks and balances through the operation of the Company's 2nd and 3rd lines of defence which ensure effective board oversight. 
Within the Aviva Group, accountability is formally delegated by the Board to the CEO and by the CEO to their direct reports. The CEO delegations are referenced in the Board's Terms of Reference. Accountability rests with these individuals and the Board. These accountabilities are aligned with the Senior Managers Certification Regime ("SMCR") responsibilities. The roles and responsibilities are clearly documented in the Management Responsibility Maps which form part of our Governance Framework and which are submitted to the PRA/FCA on a quarterly basis. The Company must also adhere to the Subsidiary Governance Principles which are a set of internal governance principles. 
The Board held five meetings this year, plus nine ad hoe meetings to discuss specific items and a two day strategic planning meeting in September. The Board's key areas of focus in 2019 were the changes in the organisational structure following the appointment of the new Aviva pie CEO and split of the UK insurance business into two separate and distinct segments of UK Life and Pensions and General Insurance and aligning the UK Life business under the new operating model. 
The Board of the Company's parent, Aviva Life Holdings UK Limited, has established an Audit Committee, a Risk Committee, a Conduct Committee and an Investment Committee with authority to act on behalf of UKLAP. In addition, the Board is advised by an Independent With-profits Committee. The Terms of Reference for these committees are aligned to those of Aviva pie and are approved annually. The committees also undertake annual effectiveness reviews. The results are discussed by the committees and an action plan is agreed, with the actions tracked by the Company Secretary. 
The Audit Committee is responsible for reviewing the effectiveness of the Company's systems and controls and receives regular updates on the work of the internal audit function and from the external auditors. Reports provided during the year include updates on the control environment, regular reports from Internal Audit and the external auditors, the review of financial results and any financial matters pertaining to the UK Life business. The Board also receives reports from the CFO at each board meeting. Financial reporting for the Company is currently externally audited by PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP ("PwC") on an annual basis. 
The Risk Committee is responsible for assisting the Board in its oversight of all categories of risk. Its responsibilities include reviewing the Company's risk appetite, risk preferences, and risk profile in relation to capital liquidity, and franchise value, reviewing the effectiveness of the Company's risk management framework, reviewingthe methodology used in determining the Company'scapital requirements, stress testing, ensuring due diligence appraisals are carried out on strategic or significant transactions, and monitoring the Company's regu!atory activities, as appropriate. The Risk Committee is accountable for all categories of risk. 
The Conduct Committee is responsible for the oversight of the Company's conduct framework including product design, live selling practices, claims practices, legacy products, conduct oversight of third parties, the achievement of an appropriate conduct focused culture and fair value, and the management of good and influential relationships with the Company'sconduct regulator; reviewing the Company'sconductand financial crime risk profile; reviewing the effectiveness of the Company's compliance with the Group Conduct Risk Policy and relevant Business Standards; and overseeing the brand and reputation of the Company, ensuring that reputational risk is consistent with the risk preference approved by the Board and the creation of long-term shareholder value. The Conduct Committee provides updates to the Risk Committee at each meeting to ensure it has visibility of any significant matters discussed by ttie Conduct Committee which impact the Company's overall risk profile, thereby enabling the Risk Committee to oversee the full spectrum of risks. 
The Investment Committee is responsible for assessing and approving investment strategy and policy consistent with the risk appetite approved by the Board; and considering investment matters that require Aviva pie Board, Group management or Board approval. The Committee oversees the relationship between the Company and its investment managers and custodians, including the appointment and termination of managers and custodians within the risk appetite approved by the Board for the Company. The Committee also monitors investment performance; and monitors the Company's investment management functions. 
Principle 4 - Opportunity and Risk 
The role of the Board is to promote the long-term sustainable success of the Company, generating value for its shareholder within a framework of prudent and effective controls, which enable risks to be assessed and managed. 
The Board carried out a strategic review during the year and set the strategic framework for the UK Life business. Following a period of change, the UK Life business has confirmed that Savings and Retirement remains a core growth opportunity for the Company, together with Corporate and Health and Protection, providing benefits for both individuals and workplace employees, and taking advantage of the Company's expertise in these areas. The ambition is to be the UK's leading Savings and Retirement provider, offering end-to-end solutions for customers. 
The Company operates a risk management framework that forms an integral part of the management and Board processes and decision-making framework, aligned to the Group's risk management framework. The key elements of the risk management framework comprise risk appetite; risk governance, including risk policies and business standards, risk oversight committees and roles and responsibilities; and the processes the Company uses to identify, measure, manage, monitor and report risks, including the use of risk models and stress and scenario testing. 
The Company's position against its risk appetites and tolerances is monitored and reported to the Board on a regular basis. Long-term sustainability depends upon the protection of franchise value and good customer relationships. As such, the Company has a risk preference that it will not accept risks that materially impair the reputation of the Company and requires that customers are always treated with integrity. 
Principle 5 - Remuneration 
Under the Aviva Group Reward Governance Framework, the Company's remuneration policy operates in accordance with the Global Remuneration Policy as approved by the Aviva pie Remuneration Committee, which applies to all employees in entities within the Aviva Group. Independent Non-Executive director fees are also set by Aviva pie and reviewed annually. Details of directors' remuneration is included on page 37. 
The Aviva Group reports on the pay ratio of the Group CEO to UK employees, and details of this can be found in the Directors' Remuneration Report in the Aviva pie Annual report and accounts which is available at www.aviva.com/investors/reports. Aviva pie also reports in our gender pay gap, and on the steps we are taking in relation to this which can be found at www.aviva.com/gpgr 
The Board held a private session on 6 December 2019 to discuss the performance of key members of senior management (UK Life CEO, CFO and CRO) and provided input into their 2019/2020 remuneration review. 
As employees of the Group, staff are able to enjoy the benefit of the Aviva Group policies and benefits available to them including: a comprehensive flexible benfit offering, providng colleagues with the opportunity to select the benefits that matter most to them; 
a competitive pension scheme which provides a top rate employer contribution of 14% of salary (subject to the level of employee contribution). Above this level, we share employer National Insurance savings with our colleagues; and 
Aviva's broader Wellbeing programme offering aims to promote health and wellness amongst our colleagues. We listen to colleagues and focus indepth on a new area each year depending on the feedback we receive. 
Principle 6 - Stakeholders Details about Stakeholders can be found in the Section 172 Statement in the Strategic Report.
