Statement of Corporate Governance Arrangements 
For the year ended 31 December 2019, the Company has applied the Wates Corporate Governance Principles for Large Private Companies (the "Principles"). Application of the Principles by the Company during 2019 is set-out below: Principle 1- Purpose and leadership 
The Company is part of the Aviva Group. Following the appointment of Mr ME Tulloch as Group CEO of Aviva pie in March 2019, the Group embarked on a strategic review aimed at optimising its organisational structure around creating excellent outcomes for its customers. The Group's purpose is to be 'with you today, for a better tomorrow' and the Group includes its customers, employees and our other stakeholders in this. The Group has set out three strategic priorities which will enable it to fulfil its purpose: Deliver great customer outcomes; Excel at the fundamentals; and Invest in sustainable growth. 
The Board has made a number of strategic decisions through the year which are aligned to this purpose. 
The decision to operate the Company's general insurance business as two businesses; personal lines and commercial lines was made to ensure clear end to end accountability and focus on sustainable, profitable growth, driven by best in market customer service.



The Board monitors culture of the Company and raises any concerns during meetings and the Board is able to express its views on the culture of the organisation through the Board Effectiveness Reviews. Culture information has been added to the Board's annual planner to ensure the Board has the opportunity to review culture metrics and that employees have the right values, attitudes and behaviours and are focussed on doing the right thing for the customer. The Company complies with the Senior Managers' Certification Regime which further strengthens the drive for individual accountability. Employee engagement is sought through the Voice of Aviva employee surveys, the output of which is reviewed by the Board and an action plan put in place to address areas identified by employees which may require further focus. 
The Board is responsible for promoting the long-term success of the Company for the benefit of its members as a whole, taking into account other stakeholders as defined by Section 172 of the Companies Act 2006 and the Articles of Association and including but not limited to; setting the Company's strategic aims, monitoring performance of the Company and management against those aims, setting the Company's risk appetite and monitoring the operation of prudent and effective controls and monitoring compliance with corporate governance principles. 
Principle 2 - Board composition 
The Company's Board has a separate Independent Non-Executive Chair and Chief Executive Officer to ensure that the balance of responsibilities, accountabilities and decision making across the Company is effectively maintained. The directors have equal voting rights when making decisions, except the Chair, who has a casting vote. All directors have access to the advice and services of the Company Secretary. 
The Board has a skills matrix in place to ensure the composition of the Board contains the appropriate combination of skills, backgrounds, experience and knowledge to understand and guide the business. The skills matrix is a key tool in any Board recruitment process to ensure the most suitable candidates are put forward for appointment to fill any gaps identified and to maintain a focus on succession planning to ensure the Board composition remains appropriate. 
The Board is comprised of both Non-Executive Directors, the majority of whom are Independent Non-Executive Directors, and Executive Directors. The Board is responsible for organising and directing the affairs of the Company in a manner that is most likely to promote the success of the Company for its shareholders as a whole and in a way that is consistent with its Articles of Association, applicable regulatory requirements and current corporate governance practice. 
The Company's Board undertook a formal effectiveness review of its performance, facilitated by Lintstock in 2019, which comprised of a detailed questionnaire and individual interviews. The results were produced by Lintstock and presented to the Board at its meeting on 3 October 2019. The Board evaluation tracker was subsequently refreshed to include new actions arising from the 2019 evaluation process and will be updated on an ongoing basis and shared regularly with the Board. The next independent assessment will take place in mid-2020. The 2019 Board Effectiveness Review assessed that overall the Company was operating effectively with a number of areas prioritised for focus during the coming year. 
Principle 3 - Director responsibilities 
The Company operates in accordance with the Aviva Governance Framework, as approved by Aviva pie. The Aviva Governance Framework articulates the interrelation between its purpose, culture, values; its reporting and escalation structures and their alignment with legal and regulatory duties and its risk management framework. The core elements are the legal and regulatory flow of accountability and decision making and the Company's frameworks, policies and standards and the checks and balances through the operation of the Company's 2nd and 3rd lines of defence which ensure effective Board oversight. 
Within the Aviva Group, accountability is formally delegated by the Board of the Company to the CEO and by the CEO to their direct reports. The CEO delegations are referenced in the Board's Terms of Reference. Accountability rests with these individuals and the Board. These accountabilities are aligned with the Senior Managers Certification Regime responsibilities. These roles and responsibilities are clearly documented in the Management Responsibility Maps which form part of our Governance Framework and which are submitted to the PRAand the FCA on a quarterly basis. The Company must also adhere to the Group's Subsidiary Governance Principles which are a set of internal governance principles. 
The Board held 6 meetings this year,plus 7 ad hoe meetings to discuss specific items and one additional day of strategic planning. The Board's key areas of focus in 2019 were aligning its business to the new Aviva Group strategy, embedding of a new leadership team including CEO and the acquisition of the remaining shares in UKD from its immediate parent undertakingAGH by way of a capital contribution. 
The Board has established an Audit Committee, a Risk Committee and a Conduct Committee. The Terms of Reference for these committees are aligned to those of Aviva pie and are approved annually by the Board. The committees also undertake annual effectiveness reviews. The results are discussed by the committee and an action plan is agreed, with the actions tracked by the Company Secretary. 
The Audit Committee is responsible for reviewing the effectiveness of the Company's financial systems and controls and receive regular updates on the work of the Company's internal audit function and from its external auditors. The Board also receives reports from the CFO at each meeting. The Company's financial reporting is currently externally audited by PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP on an annual basis. 
The Risk Committee is responsible for oversight of risk, reviewing the Company's risk appetite and risk profile, reviewing the effectiveness of the Company's risk management framework, reviewing the methodology used in determining the Company's capital requirements, stress testing, ensuring due diligent appraisals are carried out on strategic or significant transactions, and monitoring the Company's regulatory activities, as appropriate. 
The Conduct Committee is responsible for assisting the Board in its oversight of conduct issues. This oversight includes oversight of the Company's conduct framework including product design, live selling practices, claims practices, and conduct oversight of third parties The Committee's responsibilities include reviewing the Company's conduct and financial crime risk profile, and overseeing the brand and reputation of the Company, ensuring that reputation al risk is consistent with the risk tolerance approved by the Board and the creation of long-term shareholder value. 
Principle 4 - Opportunity and Risk 
The role of the Board role is to promote the long-term sustainable success of the company, generating value for its shareholder within a framework of prudent and effective controls, which enable risks to be assessed and managed. 
The decision t; operate the Group's UK General Insurance business separately from its UK Life and Pensions business, with the Group's Digital Direct business being integrated into UK General Insurance, will support the Company in applying its expertise to win in its chosen markets and provide the Company with the opportunity to continue to compete and win against mono-line competitors. 
The Company operates a risk management framework that forms an integral part of the management and Board processes and decision-making framework, aligned to the Group's risk management framework. The key elements of the risk management framework comprise risk appetite; risk governance, including risk policies and business standards, risk oversight committees and roles and responsibilities; and the processes the Company uses to identify, measure, manage, monitor and report risks, including the use of risk models and stress and scenario testing.



The Company's position against its risk appetites and tolerances is monitored and reported to the Board on a regular basis. Long-term sustainability depends upon the protection of franchise value and good customer relationships. As such, the Company has a risk preference that it will not accept risks that materially impair the reputation of the Company and requires that customers are always treated with integrity. 
Principle 5 - Remuneration 
The Company has no employees. The majority of staff engaged in the activities of the Company are employed by fellow subsidiary undertakings of Aviva pie. As part of the Aviva Group, these staff enjoy the benefit of the Aviva Group policies and benefits made available to them. 
Under the Aviva Group Reward Governance Framework, the Global Remuneration Policy is approved by the Aviva pie Remuneration Committee, and applies to all employees in entities within the Aviva Group. Independent Non-Executive director fees are also set by Aviva pie and reviewed annually. Details of Directors Remuneration is included in note 6. 
The Aviva Group reports on the pay ratio of the Group CEO to UK employees, and details of this can be found in the Directors' Remuneration Report in the Aviva pie Annual Report and Accounts which is available atfwww.aviva.com/investors/reports/.Aviva pie also reports on its gender pay gap, and the steps it is taking in relation to this which can be found at www.aviva.com/gpgr. 
The Board held a private session on 22 November 2019 to discuss 2019/2020 performance and conduct of key individuals of the Company's management and provided input into their 2019-2020 remuneration reviews. As employees of the Group, staff are able to enjoy the comprehensive flexible benefits offering including the Aviva staff pension scheme which provides a top rate employer contribution of 14% of salary and Aviva's broader Wellbeing offering which aims to promote health and wellbeing among Aviva colleagues. Principle 6 - Stakeholders Details about stakeholders can be found in the Sl 72 Statement in the Strategic Report
