Statement of Corporate Governance Arrangements For the year ended 31 December 2019, the Company has applied the Wates Corporate Governance Principles for Large Private Companies (the "Principles"). We set out below how the Principles have been applied during 2019. 
Principle 1 - Purpose and leadership 
The Company is part of the Aviva Group. Following the appointment of Mr M E Tulloch as Group CEO of Aviva pie in March 2019, the Group embarked on a strategic review aimed at optimising our organisational structure around creating excellent outcomes for our customers. The Group's purpose is to be 'with you today, for a better tomorrow' and we include our customers. employees and our other stakeholders in this. The Group has set out three strategic priorities which frame the way the Group operates: 
Deliver great customer outcomes Excel at the fundamentals 
Invest in sustainable growth

The Company supports the Group's purposes with its strategic purpose to optimise capital and improve the flow of cash within the global Aviva Group. Over the year, our Board has considered the capital levels required to appropriately protect the ultimate customer when making risk appetite and dividend decisions and, through the signing of a new reinsurance treaty with Aviva Canada and investigation of potential future treaty developments, balancing the level of risks accepted from its cedants. 
The Board monitors the culture of the Company, which is aligned to that of its ultimate shareholder Aviva pie, and raises any concerns during meetings. The Board is able to express its views on the culture of the organisation through the annual Board Effectiveness Reviews. Culture information has been added to the Board's annual planner to ensure the Board has the opportunity to review culture metrics. 
Principle 2 - Board Composition 
The Company's Board has a separate Independent Non-Executive Chair and Chief Executive Officer to ensure that the balance of responsibilities, accountabilities and decision making across the Company is effectively maintained. The directors have equal voting rights when making decisions, except the Chair, who has a casting vote. All directors have access to the advice and services of the Company Secretary. The Board has a skills matrix in place to ensure the composition of the Board contains the appropriate combination of skills, backgrounds, experience and knowledge to understand and guide the business. The skills matrix is a key tool in any Board recruitment process to ensure the most suitable candidates are put forward for appointment to fill any gaps identified and to maintain a focus on succession planning to ensure the Board composition remains appropriate. The Board is ~mprised of Independent Non-Executive Directors and Executive Directors. The majority of the Board are Independent Non-Executive Directors. The Board is responsible for organising and directing the affairs of the Company in a manner that is most likely to promote the success of the Company for its shareholders as a whole and in a way that is consistent with its Articles of Association, applicable regulatory requirements and current corporate governance practice. The Company's Board undertook a formal effectiveness review of its performance facilitated by Lintstock in 2019 and it has scheduled the next independent review for mid-2020. The results were discussed by the Board at its meeting on 13 December 2019 and an action plan was agreed, with the actions tracked by the Company Secretary. 
Principle 3 - Director Responsibilities 
The Company operates in accordance with the Aviva Governance Framework, as approved by Aviva pie. The Aviva Governance Framework articulates the interrelation between our purpose, culture, values; our reporting and escalation structures and their alignment with legal and regulatory duties and our risk management framework. The core elements are the legal and regulatory flow of accountability and decision - making and the Company's frameworks, policies and standards and the checks and balances through the operation of the Company's 2nd and 3rd lines of defence which ensure effective Board oversight. 
Within the Aviva Group, accountability is formally delegated by the Board of the Company to the CEO and by the CEO to their direct reports. The CEO delegations are referenced in the Company's Terms of Reference. Accountability rests with these individuals and the Board. These were last approved by the Board on 25 February 2020. The accountabilities are aligned with the Senior Managers Certification Regime (SMCR) responsibilities. These roles and responsibilities are clearly documented in the Management Responsibility Maps which form part of our Governance Framework and which are submitted to the PRA and FCA on a quarterly basis. The Company also adheres to the Subsidiary Governance Principles which are a set of internal governance principles that companies within the Aviva Group are required to adhere to. 
The Board held 10 meetings this year, plus an additional day of strategic planning. The Board's key areas of focus in 2019 were on business performance updates (financial and capital), updates from cedant businesses, governance, regulatory matters and future strategic objectives linked to the Company's Strategy. 
The Board has established an Audit Committee and a Risk Committee. The Terms of Reference for these committees are aligned to those of Aviva pie are approved annually by the Company's Board. The committees also undertake annual effectiveness reviews. The results are discussed by the committee and an action plan is agreed, with the actions tracked by the Company Secretary. 
The Audit Committee is responsible for reviewing the effectiveness of the Company's systems and controls and receive regular updates on the work of the internal audit function and from its external auditors. The Company also receives reports from the CFO at each Committee meeting. Our financial reporting is currently externally audited by PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP on an annual basis. 
The Risk Committee is responsible for oversight of risk, reviewing the Company's risk appetite and risk profile, reviewing the effectiveness of the Company's risk management framework, reviewing the methodology used in determining the Company's capital requirements, stress testing, ensuring due diligent appraisals are carried out on strategic or significant transactions, and monitoring the Company's regulatory activities, as appropriate.

Principle 4 - Opportunity and Risk The role of the Board is to promote the long-term sustainable success of the Company, generating value for its shareholder within a framework of prudent and effective controls, which enable risks to be assessed and managed. 
The Company operates a risk management framework that forms an integral part of the management and Board processes and decision-making framework, aligned to the Group's risk management framework. The key elements of the risk management framework comprise risk appetite; risk governance, including risk policies and business standards, risk oversight committees and roles and responsibilities; and the processes the Company uses to identify, measure, manage, monitor and report risks, including the use of risk models and stress and scenario testing. 
The Company's position against its risk appetites and tolerances is monitored and reported to the Board on a regular basis. The Risk Committee assists the Board in its oversight of risk by undertaking the following: 
Review and make recommendations around the Company's risk appetite and risk profile in relation to capital, liquidity and franchise value; Review the effectiveness of the Company's risk management framework; Review the methodology used in determining the Company's capital requirements; Review the scenarios and stress tests proposed by Management; Ensure due diligence appraisals are carried out on strategic and significant transactions; Promote a risk awareness culture for the Company; Consider the Company's exposure to the financial risks form Climate change; and Oversee the reputation of the Company 
The oversight of risk and risk management is further supported by the Asset and Liability Committee which focuses on insurance and financial risk, and the Operational Risk Committee which focuses on operational and reputational risks. 
The Company's Risk Committee works and liaises as necessary with the Audit Committee and Board, performing other duties and responsibilities that are delegated to it by the Board and escalating matters to the Board and/or the Aviva pie Risk Committee as appropriate. 
Principle 5 - Remuneration 
The Company has no employees. All UK employees are employed by a subsidiary undertaking of Aviva pie, Aviva Employment Services Limited. As part of the Aviva Group, these staff enjoy the benefit of the Aviva Group policies and benefits made available to them. 
Under the Aviva Group Reward Governance Framework, the Company's remuneration policy operates in accordance with the Global Remuneration Policy as approved by the Aviva pie Remuneration Committee, which applies to all employees in entities within the Aviva Group. Independent Non-Executive director fees are also set by Aviva pie and reviewed annually. Details of directors' remuneration are included on page 34. 
The Aviva Group reports on the pay ratio of the Group CEO to UK employees, and details of this can be found in the Directors' Remuneration Report in the Aviva pie Annual Report and Accounts which is available at www.aviva.com/investors/reports. Aviva pie also reports on the gender pay gap, and on the steps being taken in relation to this which can be found at www.aviva.com/gpgr
