Corporate Governance Report 
For the year ended 31 December 2019, under The Companies (Miscellaneous Reporting) Regulations 2018, the Company has applied the Wates Corporate Governance Principles for Large Private Companies (published by the Financial Reporting Council (FRC) in December 2018 and available on the FRC website). The Company has adopted .the Wates Principles as an appropriate. framework in which to disclose its corporate. governance arrangements. 
Principle 1 - Purpose and Leadership The Company's principal activities are described in the Strategic Report. 
AXA PPP Healthcare Group Limited is a subsidiary within the wider AXA Group ("AXA"), a worldwide leader in insurance. 
As one of the largest global insurers, AXA's purpose is to "empower people Jo live a better life". 
The Company is aligned to AXA's core values of Customer First, Integrity, Courage (we speak our ·mind and act to make things happen), and One AXA (being together and being different makes us better). 
AXA's values are underpinned by commitments to help influence the way decisions are made and how business is conducted. They guide how the Company serves its customers, interacts with suppliers, makes decisions and recruits; promotes and manages employees. The values and commitments drive the behaviours at AXA, defining and Shapi~g the· One AXA culture. The directors consider AxA·s pu'rpose and values appropriate to the Company and apply them to the AxA PPP healthcare business_ where relevant. 
The Company strives to be a responsible employer, placing employee engagement at the heart of the AXA PPP healthcare business. Achieving this means creating a workplace built on AXA's values that fosters diversity and equal opportunities for all, promotes employee participation, encourages professional development, and supports employee well-being. The Company and the wider AXA PPP healthcare group recognises the importance of workforce unions and engages with them regularly to maintain positive working relationships. Feedback is sought through quarterly Pulse surveys, where staff can provide their views on how the business is performing against its strategic objectives and key values. 
Diversity and inclusion are key _to creating a culture of trust and respect. The AXA UK Group has a Diversity & Inclusion Board, which meets quarterly and is sponsored by a member of the Management Committee. As well as news articles, biogs and vlogs, a number of local events are run across all locations within the AXA UK Group. These include workshops, panel discussions and talks with senior leaders. Diversity and inclusion focused forums are also held, providing AXA UK Group employees with the opportunity to speak to senior leaders about topics that matter to them. 
The Company has access to five employee ·resource groups (ERGs) providing an opportunity for employee-communities to promote positive cultural change within the business and the Company participates in and facilitates thes.e. The ERGs are focussed on Working Families, Gender Equality, Pride (supporting our LGBT community), BAME (focusing on the under-representation of black, Asian and minority ethnic staff) and ABLE (raising awareness about disabilities and carers and promoting change and support). These ERGs help to influence AXA UK Group policies, recent examples include the introduction of a Transitioning at Work Policy and the Family Friendly Policy. 
Being part of a large global organisation, the Company understands that it has a vital role to play in being a responsible ·corporate citizen. The AXA Cares initiative is based on four areas: People, Community, Environment and Customer. AXA UK has a network of AXA Cares Champions around the business to help drive the corporate social responsibility mission. The Company's workforce has access to a community partnership programme (Hearts in Action) which is designed to link the business with local communities, as well as a community grant scheme and charity partnerships.


 
Entities in the AXA UK Group are committed to reducing their impact on ·the environment by actively managing energy, paper and water consumption, as well as carbon emissions and waste. The nature of insurance concerns protecting people from unexpected events and AXA is committed to using its business expertise to help build an understanding of the risks faced by individuals and society at large. To support this the AXA Research Fund was created in 2007 to.encourage scientific research that helps understanding and prevention of environmental, life and socio-economic risks. 
The Company and the wider AXA PPP healthcare group strives to build trusted relationships with customers and to always treat them fairly, providing commitment to our customers that the business delivers against its purpose. J, 
Principle 2 ~ Board €omposition 
The Board of AXA PPP Healthcare Group Limited comprises the AXA PPP Chief Executive and three Executive Directors. The Directors consider the size and composition of the Board to be proportionate to the scale and complexity of the business. All. directors have equal voting rights. The Company Secretary is the first :point of contact for directors seeking advice and services. Directors can also take professional advice at the Company's expense. · 
· - . . . . 
. The Company's directors continu~ to keep their knowledge, ~kills and familiarity with the business current and up :to date by engaging with senior management, attending appropriate external seminars, and internal and exteTI1al training ·courses.· All new directors undergo individually tailored induction (depending on their current skillset, experience and ·knowledge). This is also designed to ensure that the collective Board has the correct tools to address and balance stakeholders' interests with the company's business needs. 
AXA UK values diversity and inclusion and continues to create and develop ·an inclusive culture. We are committed i:o ensuring equality of opportunities, with the aim of promoting diversity throughout the· Company including at the most senior levels, with a diversity and inclusion agenda ·that goes beyond the protected characteristics of the Equality Act 2010. Recruitment processes (including those for directors) follow the diversity and equal opportunities policy. 
Principle 3 - Director Responsibilities 
Accountability The Board delegates certain decision-making powers to Committees and individuals. This allows those with . appropriate knowledge and industry experience· to· make effective decisions whilst Board oversight . is maintained. ·The Board has adopted a Corporate Authorities document which clearly sets out the Board's terms of reference, matters that are reserved to the Board, signing authorities and delegation to Committees. and individuals. This is reviewed at least annually (and whenever there is a significant change) and is considered and re-approved as necessary by the Board each year. Each Director has a clear understanding of their accountability and responsibilities. 
The Company Secretary maintains a Register of Director's Interests, which is updated when a change occurs. All Directors complete a cqnflicts of interest questionnaire annually and are regularly reminded of their statutory duties and personal obligations to avoid conflicts. Directors are regularly reminded to disclose any additional interests of which the Board should be aware.


 
Committees The Board delegates certain of its duties to AXA UK Group Committees (Audit, Risk, Remuneration & Nomination), which operate under clearly defined terms of reference.- Board Committees are chaired by Non-Executive Directors and the membership of the Audit and Risk Committees are comprised solely of independent Non-Executive Directors. This allows . the Non-Executives to constructively challenge the executives. The Independent Non-Executive Directors are wholly indepen!icent in that they have.no material business or relationships with the Company that might influence their independence or judgement. Although the Board delegates a range of tasks, the Board itself retains ultimate responsibility for the affairs and management of the Company. 
Integrity of information The Board receives reports from management at its meetings. It reviews the information provided and provides appropriate enhancements and challenge. Key financial information is collated from AXA UK's various accounting systems. AXA UK's finance function is appropriately qualified to ensure the integrity of this information and is provided with the necessary training to keep up to date with regulatory changes. FinanciaJ information. is currently externally audited by Mazars LLP on an annual basis, and f:inancial :_ controls ·are reviewed by the AxA UK internal audit function. 
· 
The Audit Committee is aware of, and comfo~ble with, the scope of work planned by the internal auditors. The Committee receives a summary of the proposed audit plan, highlighiing the budget / resource available, the rationale for the plan, and any limitations in its scope: Once agreed 9y the Co,mmittee any significant changes proposed to the plan are.notified to the Committee by the Head of.Internal Audit. 
Principle 4 - Opportunity a_nd Risk 
The Board-is.responsible for strategic decision-making and·risk management In March 2019,,the AXA UK pie Board_ decided to change the AXA UK risk governance structure by combining regulated entity board risk committees to form ·a single AXA UK Group Risk Committee to assist the Board in its responsibility. for -the oversight and. management of risk. The AXA UK Group Risk Committee has adopted a forward-looking approach, anticipating changes in business conditions as well as reviewing the risk profile of the operating entities and the AXA UK Group as a whole. It also considers . the effectiveness of its risk management framework, use of the capital model and relevant regulatory requirements. · - 
The AXA UK Group Risk Committee, which meets at least quarterly, is comprised of -independent Non-Executive Directors, ensures that inherent and emerging risks are identified and ,managed appropriately and in- a timely manner. The Directors. of the Company have considered the .terms of r,eference .and the membership of the AXA UK Group Risk Committee and concluded that it is an .appropriate .bpdy to consider the Company's risks. The Board monitors and implements the·Committeeis decisions where appropriate. 
Opportunity The Company's success is closely connected to the success of AXA PPP healthcare limited. Its activiti_es are aligned to the AXA PPP healthcare strategy, which is considered and agreed by the AXA PPP healthcare limited Board annually. The Company's key operational risks and mitigations are outlined in the Strategic Report (on pages 3-7). 
The AXA PPP healthcare Chief Risk Officer has oversight of the Company and reports key risk matters directly to the Group Risk Committee, which establishes the risk control framework by validating both risk policy and risk strategy. The framework is based on the five following pillars and is cemented by a strong risk culture: Risk Management independence and comprehensiveness; Common risk appetite framework; Systematic second opinion on key processes; Robust Internal Model; and, Proactive Risk Management.


 
Responsibilities AXA Group has developed a formal set of standards (the "AXA Group Standards") in order to promote a consistent approach to governance, supported by an effective risk management framework. The Company has adopted and complies with all relevant AXA Group Standards, including those relating to internal control, risk management and solvency management. · 
AXA UK (and in turn, the Company) has a comprehensive system of internal controls designed to ensure that executives are informed of significant risks on a timely and continuing basis, and have the necessary · information and tools to appropriately analyse and manage these risks. 
The Company's systems and controls are designed to provide reasonable reassurance to the Board and senior management regarding the achievement of objectives, ensuring effectiveness and efficiency of operations, reliable financial and non-financial .reporting, and compliance with laws, regulations and policies. 
Principle 5 - Remuneration 
The Board delegates au~cirity to the AXA UK Re~une~ation & Nomination Committee: whi.ch has cle~l; defined terms of reference and is responsible for making recommendations to the Board in accordance with the 
· · · · 
·. AXA Group Remuneration P◊Iicy and as req~i~ed by regulation. In 2019 the Committee was comprised ofthe Chairman of AXA UK, two Independent Non-Executive Directors and a Non-Executive Director from within the AXA Group. 
The AXA Group Remuneration Policy sets out the remuneration pririciples applicable to all AXA Group companies and their employees. It is designed to support the Group's long-term business strategy and to align the interests of i~ employees and other stakeholders by: (i) establishing a clear link between performance and remuneration over the short-, medium- and long-term; (ii) ensuring that the AXA Group can offer competitive compensation arrangements across the multiple markets in which it operates while avoiding potential conflicts· of interest that may lead to undue risk taking for short-term gain; and, (iii) ensuring compliance with Solvency II regulations and any other applicable regulatory requirements. 
Pay is aligned with performance and takes into account fair pay and conditions across the AXA UK Group's workforce. Executive remuneration is reviewed annually and in the event of significant change in the structure and size of the Company's· operations, with reference to market data and trends. AXA UK has formally adopted the Willis Towers Watson methodology for job grading for all levels (executive and other employees), an approach that aligns with AXA Group. A full benchmarking review will next take place in 2021 ahead of the 2022 annual remuneration review process, unless significant changes occur in the meantime in the business and its structure. 
The AXA UK Group is an equal opportunities employer and promotes an environment of diverse cultures, ideas, people and perspectives. It reports on Gender Pay, has signed the ~omen in Finance Charter and demonstrates its commitment· to gender equality by setting a target of 40% of senior management roles to be held by women by the end of 2020. This currently at stands at 30% across the AXA UK Group. 
Principle 6 - Stakeholders 
The Board understands that good governance and effective communication are critical factors to ensure our brand, reputatfon and relationships with all stakeholders, including shareholders, customers, employees, suppliers and the local communities are effective and supportive of the way in which the Company wants to work. The Board participates in all relevant AXA UK Group engagement initiatives, delegating responsibility to group staff and Committees as appropriate. The Company's key stakeholders and how it engages with them are described in the Strategic Report (see pages 3-1:):


 
Stakeholder engagement is a key part of AXA's overall strategy and its approach to sustainability. Engagement improves AXA's understanding of its operating environment and helps the business to take better business decisions .. Accountability and transparency are .key with all external stakeholders and with representatives of government and other opinion leaders, whilst maintaining an open and visible presence in the media. The Company's fundamental purpose of protecting people and empowering them to live better lives is demonstrated and supported in active engagement across industry bodies and our stakeholder community. 
Community The Company strives to play a positive role in society and actively supports communities it operates in. From volunteering and mentoring to fundraising or sharing business expertise, the Company encourages its employees to get involved wherever possible. Community partnership programmes such as Hearts in Action are designed to build a link between the business and local communities. The AXA UK Group has achieved over 100 apprenticeship hires, which have been filled by individuals from a diverse range of backgrounds and in support of wider societal issues, such as mental health, and has over 190 Mental Health first aiders across the organisation and at least one in every site.· 
·customers . . . 
. The Company strives to_ build trusted relationships with customers. and to always treat them fairly, providing commitment to our customers that the business delivers against its purpose, empowering them to live better . lives. Customer experience tracking enables feedback to be gained from customers at a number of different points in the journey enabling action plans and changes to customer experiences where necessary .. The Company actively encourages customers to give feedback externally on sites like Feefo (where the Company has been · awarded Platinum· Trusted accreditation after ,achieving a Gold Trusted rating for three consecutive years) and Trustpilot. NPS .survey findings are also used to improve customer engagement with knowledge being shared across all of our business. Customer focus,groups are Jed by the Customer Insights team. 
· 
The Company understands the importance of connecting .with key intermediary partners on core business strategies, priorities and new propositions. bringing intermediaries with us on thisjoumey, providing clarity and reassurance. 
Supplier and third-parties The Company promotes strong relationships with its network of suppliers, .including hospitals, specialists and third-party suppliers, some of which are managed through an AXA UK Group company-wide procurement approach to ensure economies of scale and collaboration with .suppliers can be achieved. These .relationships. are a key focus for·our business, as strong provider. relationships enable good clinical outcomes•for our members as well as enabling good commercial performance. We have sought out third parties to .provide additional services, such as Doctor@Hand, enabling virtual GP appointments; especially assisting with Wellbeing propositions. 
Regulators and industry bodies Ensuring there .is a- strong and positive regulatory relationship is key to achieving everything thar is requiredi · This is set by the tone at the top where continuous engagement with the regulator takes place. The tone adopted 
· throughout the Company aims to maintain strong, and effective relationships with the.-PRA and FCA, working in a collaborative and transparent manner to enable good customer outcomes. Proper governance and effective communication are key in fostering these relationships. It is vital that these are well maintained as this is directly linked to our business being able to operate in the UK. 
Engagement with wider industty bodies is critical to upholding the responsible enterprise position that the Company strives to achieve. This is evidenced through commitment and engagement.with a-number.of bodies. AXA has policies on investment in tobacco and fossil fuels,,responsible insurance products,.and data protection. The AXA Research Fund was created in 2007 to encourage scientific research •that :helps understanding and prevention of environmental, life and socio-economic risks. Additionally, the Company (as part ofthe AXA UK Group) engages with key industries bodies often lobbying for change on critical issues.· We foster strong relationships with the ABI (via our involvement in the ABI Health Committee) considering how private health insurers can contribute to improving quality and outcomes in the health sector in the UK.


 
Employees The Company aims to create an empowering, innovative, flexible and supportive working environment for its workforce. Diversity and inclusion is actively promoted and supported, allowing the workforce to contribute to the business's success in their own unique way. 
Employees are listened to through quarterly engagement surveys, which are taken in addition to ongoing conversations. The surveys ask employees questions to gauge their confidence in the Company's strategic direction, whether they see AXA's values alive, to consider their own sense of empowerment and to measure employee satisfaction. 
Employees are actively encouraged to undertake suitable professional development. AXA UK also supports holistic empioyee wellbeing across the dimensions of physical, mental, financial and social health and a new proposition is being launched to our people in this space in 2020, including new benefit offerings. These new additions will complement the benefits already in place such as free eye tests, flu vaccinations, online support to reduce health risks and a free confidential Employee Assistance Programme (BeSupported) . 
. Employee briefings ~e live-~treained across all geographic.locatio~s to update the w~rkforce on the Comp~y's performance. More regular, but structured interactiims, are in place across the organisation to better understand Ioc~l chailenges offering the opportunity for ·a more location-specific °update from the CEO, along ~iih the. opportunity for individuals to raise questions and. concerns. A detailed communications strategy is in place to engage employees 
sharing of financial or employee survey results.·· 
ori an 011going basis, including news stories, biogs from Executive Committee members, and_ · 
Environment Corporate responsibility is key area of focus for the Company both as a business and as part of AXA's global organisation. There. ts a clear recognition of the role the business can play in avoiding negative contribution or contributing positively to the environment. 
· 
From a Group perspective, AXA has sent a clear message by agreeing to the REI00, stating a commitment to have 100% renewable energy by 2025. AXA UK already procures 67% of its energy from renewable sources through REGO certification. As a global organisation AXA has quadrupled green and clean investments target to €12billion, twice as high as the COP21 recommendation of I% of assets and actively divested funds away from carbon-intensive industries as evidence by our pledge to divest from companies which derive more than 30% of their revenues from coal, have a coal-based energy mix that exceeds 30%, or produce more than 20 million tonnes of coal per year. At an entity level, AXA PPP healthcare is committed to reducing _its impact on the environment by actively managing the use of energy, paper and water consumption, as well as carbon emissions and waste.
