Corporate Governance Report. 
For the year ended 31 December 2019, under The Companies (Miscellaneous Reporting) Regulations 2018, the Company has applied the Wates Corporate Governance Principles for Large Private Companies (published by the Financial Reporting Council (FRC) in December 2018 and available on the FRC website). The directors have adopted the Wates Principles as an appropriate framework in which to disclose the Company's corporate governance arrangements. 
Principle 1 - Purpose and leadership The Company's principal activities are described in the Strategic Report. 
AXA Insurance is a subsidiary within AXA, a worldwide leader in insurance. As one of the largest global insurers, AXA's purpose is to "empower people to live a better life". The Company is aligned to AXA's core values of Customer First, Integrity, Courage (we speak our mind and act to make things happen), and One AXA (being together and being different makes us better). 
AXA's values are underpinned by commitments to help influence the way decisions are made and how business is conducted. They guide how the Company serves its customers, interacts with suppliers, makes decisions and recruits, promotes and manages employees. The values and commitments drive the behaviours at AXA, defining and shaping the One AXA culture. 
AXA's values are integral to the Company's strategic ambition. In 2019, the Company completed the final year of the current Ambition 2020 strategy, which was launched in 2016 with a focus on the evolving needs of AXA's customers and was underpinned by two strategic priorities: Focus - taking actions to deliver sustainable growth; and, Transform - accelerating the transformation of AXA's business model to prepare for the future. 
The directors consider AXA's purpose and values appropriate to the Company and apply them to the business where relevant. The Company's strategy is set by the Board and led by the Management Committee, but also draws on expertise from across the business, including AXA Group and the top 150 leaders within the AXA UK Group, at different stages of the process. 2019 has been a transitional year as the Company approached the end of the current strategic operating plan, looking forward to its strategy beyond 2020. The strategic process has involved key teams throughout the AXA UK Group, as well as a group of 20 UK Group employees (the "20/20 Group"}, of varying grades and tenure, who volunteered to be a part of the process and brought diverse insights from different parts of the business, as well as challenge and feedback, and have helped to communicate the strategy to peers across the wider organisation. 
Though the Company does not directly employ its workforce the Company strives to act responsibly towards its workforce, placing workforce engagement at the heart of its business. Achieving this means creating a workplace built on AXA's values that fosters diversity and equal opportunities for all, promotes participation, encourages professional development, and supports well-being. The Company recognises the importance of workforce unions and engages with them regularly to maintain positive working relationships. Feedback is sought through quarterly Pulse surveys, where staff can provide their views on how the business is performing against its strategic objectives and key values. 
Diversity and inclusion are key to creating a culture of trust and respect. The UK Group has a Diversity & Inclusion Board, which meets quarterly and is sponsored by a member of the Management Committee. As well as news articles, biogs and vlogs, a number of local events are run across all locations within the AXA UK Group. These include workshops, panel discussions and talks with senior leaders. Diversity and inclusion focused forums are also held, providing UK Group employees with the opportunity to speak to senior leaders about topics that matter to them. 
The Company has access to five employee resource groups ("ERGs") providing an opportunity for employee-communities to promote positive cultural change within the business and the Company participates in and facilitates these. The ERGs are focussed on Working Families, Gender Equality, Pride (supporting our LGBT community), BAME (focusing on the under-representation of black, Asian and minority ethnic staff) and ABLE (raising awareness about disabilities and carers and promoting change and support). These ERGs help influence AXA UK Group policies, recent examples include the introduction of a Transitioning at Work Policy and the Family Friendly Policy.


 
Being part of a large global organisation, the Company understands that it has a vital role to play in being a responsible corporate citizen. The AXA Cares initiative is based on four areas: People, Community, Environment and Customer. AXA UK has a network of AXA Cares Champions around the business to help drive the corporate social responsibility mission. The Company also has access to r1 r.ommunity partnership programme (Hearts in Action) which is designed to link the business with local communities, as well as a community grant scheme and charity partnerships. 
The Company is committed to reducing its impact on the environment by actively managing energy, paper and water consumption, as well as carbon emissions and waste. The Company's business is focussed on protecting people from unexpected events and the Company is committed to using its business expertise to help build an understanding of the risks faced by individuals and society at large. To support this the AXA Research Fund was created in 2007 to encourage scientific research that helps understanding and prevention of environmental, life and socio-economic risks. 
The Company strives to build trusted relationships with customers and to always treat them fairly, providing commitment to our customers that the business delivers against its purpose (see Principle 6 - Stakeholders, on page 16). 
Principle 2 - Board Composition The Board of AXA Insurance UK pie comprises an Independent Chairman, five Independent Non-Executive Directors (of varying tenure), the Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer and two Executive Directors. The Directors consider the size and composition of the Board to be proportionate to the scale and complexity of the business. 
· 
The roles of . Chairman and Chief Executive Officer are separate, to ensure that the balance of responsibilities, accountabilities and decision-making abilities are upheld. This separation places the Chairman in an independent position which facilitates a better environment for Board, director and management effectiveness. 
The Company's Non-Executive Directors bring experience in insurance, customer relations, technology, 
.: marketing, relationship management, operations, banking, asset management, pensions and other skills ancillary to financial services. All directors have equal voting rights. The Company Secretary is the first point of contact for directors seeking advice and services. Directors can also take professional advice at the Company's expense. 
The Company's directors continue to keep their knowledge, skills and familiarity with the business current and up to date by engaging with senior management, attending appropriate external seminars, and internal and external training courses. All new directors undergo individually tailored induction (depending on their current skillset, experience and knowledge). This is also designed to ensure that the collective Board has the correct tools to address and balance stakeholders' interests with the company's business needs. 
AXA UK values diversity and inclusion and continues to create and develop an inclusive culture. We are committed to ensuring equality of opportunities, with the aim of promoting diversity throughout the company including at the most senior levels, with a diversity and inclusion agenda that goes beyond the protected characteristics of the Equality Act 2010. Recruitment processes (including those for directors) follow the diversity and equal opportunities policy. 
The Boards of AXA UK pie, AXA Insurance UK pie and AXA PPP healthcare limited participated in an externally-facilitated Board evaluation in 2019 to identify opportunities to improve and ensure that each Board remains effective, whilst eliminating duplication of information. Recommendations included: Combined board agendas to be organised thematically with clear actions to Management and rigorous 
Executive review of papers Board objectives to reflect key priorities Development of the collegiality of the Board Continued focus on the governance agenda including stakeholder engagement. 
The Board is committed to addressing these findings and continuing to review and challenge how it can improve.


 Principle 3 - Director Responsibilities Accountability 
Accountability The Board delegates certain decision-making powers to Committees and individuals. This allows those with appropriate knowledge and industry experience to make effective decisions whilst Board oversight is maintained. The Board has adopted a Corporate Authorities document which clearly sets out the Board's terms of reference, matters that are reserved to the Board, signing authorities and delegation to Committees and individuals. This is reviewed at least annually (and whenever there is a significant change) and is considered and re-approved as necessary by the Board each year. Each director has a clear understanding of their accountability and responsibilities. The Board has a programme of at least seven meetings every year with further meetings held as necessary. 
The Company Secretary maintains a Register of Director's Interests, which is updated when a change occurs. All directors complete a conflicts of interest questionnaire annually and are regularly reminded of their statutory duties and personal obligations to avoid conflicts. An extract of the Register of Interests is reviewed by the Board at least quarterly so that directors can confirm that the information is correct or disclose any additional interests of which the Board should be aware. 
Committees The Board delegates certain of its duties to AXA UK Group Committees (Audit, Investment, Risk, _Remuneration & Nomination), which operate under clearly defined terms of reference. Board Committees are chaired by the Non-Executive Directors of the Company and the membership of the Audit and Risk Committees are comprised solely of independent Non-Executive Directors. This allows the Non-Executives to constructively challenge the executives. The Independent Non-Executive Directors are wholly independent in that they have no material business or relationships with the Company that might influence their independence or judgement. Although the Board delegates a range of tasks, the Board itself retains ultimate responsibility for the affairs and management of the Company. 
Integrity of information The Board receives regular reports from management at its meetings. It reviews the information provided and provides appropriate enhancements and challenge. This makes available the necessary data relating to all key aspects of the business, which includes but is not limited to financial performance, risks and opportunities, customers, strategy, operational matters and updates on market conditions and sustainability. 
Key financial information is collated from AXA UK's various accounting systems. AXA UK's finance function is appropriately qualified to ensure the integrity of this information and is provided with the necessary training to keep up to date with regulatory changes. Financial information is currently externally audited by Mazars LLP on an annual basis, and financial controls are reviewed by the AXA UK internal audit function. 
The Audit Committee is aware of, and comfortable with, the scope of work planned by the internal auditors. The Committee receives a summary of the proposed audit plan, highlighting the budget and resource available, the rationale for the plan, and any limitations in its scope. Once agreed by the Committee any significant changes proposed to the plan are notified to the Committee by the Head of Internal Audit. 
Principle 4 - Opportunity and Risk The Board seeks out opportunity whilst mitigating risk and is responsible for strategic decision-making and risk management. In March 2019, the AXA UK pie Board decided to change the AXA UK risk governance structure by combining regulated entity board risk committees to form a single AXA UK Group Risk Committee to assist each of the subsidiary boards within the UK business in their responsibility for the oversight and management of risk. The AXA UK Group Risk Committee has adopted a forward-looking approach, anticipating changes in business conditions as well as reviewing the risk profile of the operating entities and the AXA UK Group as a whole. It also considers the effectiveness of its risk management framework, use of the capital model and relevant regulatory requirements. 
The AXA UK Group Risk Committee, which meets at least quarterly, is comprised of Independent NonExecutive Directors, ensures that inherent and emerging risks are identified and managed appropriately and in a timely manner. The Directors of the Company have considered the terms of reference and the membership of the AXA UK Group Risk Committee and concluded that it is an appropriate body to consider the Company's risks. The Board monitors and implements the Committee's decisions where appropriate.


 Opportunity 
Long term strategic opportunities are considered and agreed by the Board each year. The Company's key operational risks and mitigations are outlined in the Strategic Report (see pages 2 to 8.) Risk registers are maintained by the Risk Function and considered by the AXA UK Group Risk Committee ;:;it e;:;ich q1rnrterly meeting. 
The Chief Risk Officer reports key risk matters directly to the Group Risk Committee, which establishes the risk control framework by validating both risk policy and risk strategy. The framework is based on the five following pillars and is cemented · by a strong risk culture: Risk Management independence and comprehensiveness; Common risk appetite framework; Systematic second opinion on key processes; Robust Internal Model; and, Proactive Risk Management. 
Responsibilities AXA Group has developed a formal set of standards (the "AXA Group Standards") in order to promote a consistent approach to governance, supported by an effective risk management framework. AXA Insurance has adopted and complies with all relevant AXA Group Standards, including those relating to internal control, risk management and solvency management. 
AXA UK (and in turn, the Company) has a comprehensive system of internal controls designed to ensure that executives are informed of significant risks on a timely and continuing basis and have the necessary information and tools to appropriately analyse and manage these risks. The Company complies with the established Internal Control Framework covering the financial statements under IFRS and Solvency II Capital Requirement and Available Financial Resources. 
· 
The Chief Risk Officer reports to the Board at least annually with an assessment of the adequacy and effectiveness of risk management and Internal Control frameworks, including the effectiveness of controls over financial reporting. 
Each year, the Board considers the Own Risk and Solvency Assessment ("ORSA"), which encompasses processes to identify, assess, monitor, manage and report the short-to medium-term risks of the Company and to ensure the level of own funds adequacy against its solvency targets, taking into account the risk profile, approved risk tolerance limits and business strategy. 
The Company's systems and controls are designed to provide reasonable reassurance to the Board and senior management regarding the achievement of objectives, ensuring effectiveness and efficiency of operations, reliable financial and non-financial reporting, and compliance with laws, regulations and policies. 
Principle 5 - Remuneration The Board delegates authority to the AXA UK Remuneration & Nomination Committee, which has clearly defined terms of reference and is responsible for making recommendations to the Board in accordance with the AXA Group Remuneration Policy and as required by regulation. In 2019 the Committee was comprised of the Chairman of AXA UK, two Independent Non-Executive Directors and a Non-Executive Director from within the AXA Group. 
The AXA Group Remuneration Policy sets out the remuneration principles applicable to all AXA Group companies and their employees. It is designed to support the Group's long-term business strategy and to align the interests of its employees and other stakeholders by: (i) establishing a clear link between performance and remuneration over the short-, medium- and long-term; (ii) ensuring that the AXA Group can offer competitive compensation arrangements across the multiple markets in which it operates while avoiding potential conflicts of interest that may lead to undue risk taking for short-term gain; and, (iii) ensuring compliance with Solvency II regulations and any other applicable regulatory requirements. 
Pay is aligned with performance and takes into account fair pay and conditions across the AXA UK Group's workforce. Executive remuneration is reviewed annually and in the event of significant change in the structure and size of the Company's operations, with reference to market data and trends. AXA UK has formally adopted the Willis Towers Watson methodology for job grading for all levels (executive and other employees), an approach that aligns with AXA Group. A full benchmarking review will next take place in 2021 ahead of the 2022 annual remuneration review process, unless significant changes occur in the meantime in the business and its structure.
The AXA UK Group is an equal opportunities employer and promotes an environment of diverse cultures, ideas, people and perspectives. It reports on Gender Pay, has signed the Women in Finance Charter and demonstrates its commitment to gender equality by setting a target of 40% of senior management roles to be held by women by the end of 2020. This currently at stands at 30%, ;::ir.ross the AXA UK Group.

Principle 6 - Stakeholders The Board understands that good governance and effective communication are critical factors to ensure that the Company's brand, reputation and relationships with all stakeholders, including shareholders, customers, employees, suppliers and the local communities are effective and supportive of the way in which the Company wants to work. The Board participates in all relevant AKA UK Group engagement initiatives, delegating responsibility to group staff and Committees as appropriate. 
The Company's key stakeholders and how it engages with them are described in the Strategic Report (see pages 2-8). 
Stakeholders Stakeholder engagement is a key part of AXA's overall strategy and its approach to sustainability. 
Engagement improves AXA's understanding of its operating environment and helps the business to take better business decisions. Accountability and transpcirency are key with all external stakeholders and with representatives of government and other opinion leaders, whilst maintaining an open and visib.le presence 
· in the media. The Company's fundamental purpose of protecting people and empowering them to live better · lives is demonstrated and supported in active engagement across industry bodies and our stakeholder community. 
The Company strives to play a positive role in society and actively supports communities it operates in. From volunteering and mentoring to fundraising or sharing business expertise, the Company encourages its employees to get involved wherever possible. Cpmmunity partnership programmes such as Hearts in Action are designed to build a link between the business and local communities. The AXA UK Group has achieved over 100 apprenticeship hires, which have been filled by individuals from a diverse range of backgrounds and in support of wider societal issues, such as mental health, and has over 190 mental health first aiders across the organisation and at least one in every site. 
· 
The Company strives to build trusted relationships with customers and to always treat them fairly, providing commitment to our customers that the business delivers against its purpose, empowering them to live better lives. Customer experience tracking enables feedback to be gained from customers at a number of different points in the journey enabling action plans and changes to customer experiences where necessary. The Company actively encourages customers to give feedback externally on sites like Feefo (where the Company maintains a Gold Trusted Accreditation) and Trustpilot. NPS survey findings are also used to improve customer engagement with knowledge being shared across all of our business. Events are often staged for customers to connect with the business. There is always a close presence to our customer, through events such as BIBA, fostering deeper relationships with our partners and creating interactions that provide an update on core business strategies, priorities and new propositions. 
The Company promotes strong relationships with its network of suppliers which are managed through an AXA UK Group company-wide procurement approach to ensure economies of scale and collaboration with suppliers can be achieved. 
Ensuring there is a strong and positive regulatory relationship is key to achieving everything that is required. This is set by the tone at the top where continuous engagement with the regulator takes place. The tone adopted throughout the Company aims to maintain strong, effective relationships with the PRA and FCA, working in a collaborative and transparent manner to enable good customer outcomes. Proper governance and effective communication are key in fostering these relationships. It is vital that these are well maintained as this is directly linked to our business being able to operate in the UK.
Engagement with wider industry bodies is critical to upholding the responsible enterprise position that the Company strives to achieve. This is evidenced through commitment and engagement with a number of bodies. AXA has for example policies on investment in tobacco and fossil fuels, responsible insurance products, and data protection. The AXA Research Fund was created in 2007 to encourage scientific research that helps understanding and prevention of environmental, life and socio-economic risks. Additionally, the Company (as part of the AXA UK Group) engages with key industries bodies often lobbying for change on critical issues. The body this is most closely worked with is the ABI on an ongoing basis across the organisation. 
Employees The Company aims to create an empowering, innovative, flexible and supportive working environment for its workforce. Diversity and inclusion is actively promoted and supported, allowing the workforce to contribute to the business's success in their own unique way. 
Employees are listened to through quarterly engagement surveys, which are taken in addition to ongoing conversations. The surveys ask employees questions to gauge their confidence in the Company's strategic direction, whether they see AXA'S values alive, to consider their own sense of empowerment and to measure employee satisfaction. 
Employees are actively encouraged to undertake suitable professional development AXA UK al~o supports holistic employee wellbeing across the dimensions of physical, mental, financial and social health and a new proposition is being launched to our people in this space in 2020, including new benefit offerings. These new additions will complement the benefits already in place such as free eye tests, flu vaccinations, online support to reduce health risks and a free confidential Employee Assistance Programme (BeSupported). 
Employee briefings are live-streamed across all geographic locations to update the workforce on the Company's performance. More regular, but structured interactions, are in place across the organisation to better understand local challenges offering the opportunity for a more location-specific update from the CEO, along with the opportunity for individuals to raise questions and concerns. A detailed communications strategy is in place to engage employees on an ongoing basis, including news stories, biogs from Executive Committee members, and sharing of financial or employee survey results. 
Environment Corporate responsibility is key area of focus for the Company both as a business and as part of AXA's global organisation. There is a clear recognition of the role the business can play in avoiding negative contribution . or contributing positively to the environment. 
From a Group perspective, AXA has sent a clear message by agreeing to the RE100, stating a commitment to have 100% renewable energy by 2025. AXA UK already procures 67% of its energy from renewable sources through REGO certification. As a global organisation AXA has quadrupled green and clean investments target to €12billion, twice as high as the COP21 recommendation of 1 % of assets and actively divested funds away from carbon-intensive industries such as our pledge to divest from companies which derive more than 30% of their revenues from coal, have a coal-based energy mix that exceeds 30%, or produce more than 20 million tonnes of coal per year. At an entity level, AXA Insurance is committed to reducing its impact on the environment by actively managing the use of energy, paper and water consumption, as well as carbon emissions and waste.
