BETJEMAN HOLDINGS LIMITED March 2020conv
Statement· of corporate governance arrangements 
The Group has turnover over £200m and total assets more than £2 billion for the period ended 31 March 2020, therefore it is defined as a large private company. The Board has decided to adopt the Wates Corporate Governance Principles for Large Private Companies as its chosen corporate governance code for the financial year ended 31 March 2020. The Board considers the Wates Principles the best option given the nature of the business and the Wates Principles relevance to it. 
Principle 1 - Purpose and leadership 
The Directors of the Group demonstrate the principles of promoting the success of the company, act with integrity and lead by example, and are committed to building positive relationships with employees and all other stakeholders. The board has a clear understanding of the views of shareholders from communications at board meetings, board sub-committees and regular dialogue on-going to ensure shareholder views and concerns are understood and addressed. 
Values and Culture 
The Group's values, purpose, and strategy (Protect, Evolve and Grow) are reviewed during the induction process, meetings and other internal processes to ensure that the values of the business including expected behaviours and practices are explained and integrated into all .functions and operations of the business. Employees are measured against their demonstration of the Group's values in performance review to ensure that their behaviours and practices are in line with business values and purpose. 
The Board, shareholders and management are committed to embedding the desired culture throughout the organisation. Culture is measured with reference to the People Strategy as well as via the annual employee engagement and Pulse survey's which are then benchmarked to other companies, ongoing monitoring by the HR Business Partner and Senior Management Team, employee exit interviews and regular team meetings. 
Strategy 
Alongside a Five-Year Asset Management Statement, submitted to and approved by the Group's regulator the Office of Rail and Road ("ORR") prior to the start of each control period (Control Period 3 started on 1 April 2020), the Group prepares a rolling 5-year business plan that is reviewed annually which demonstrates how the Group aims to generate long-term sustainable value for the company and stakeholders like the Department for Transport and the Train Operating Companies (TOCs). 
Principle 2 - Board composition Chair 
The Chair is an independent appointment for a 3-year term. The roles of Chair and CEO are exercised by different individuals to ensure a balance of power and effective decision-making. Furthermore, Board subcommittees are chaired by Directors different to the Chair and CEO of the overall Group to ensure a balance of responsibility and reflect Board Directors' expertise. 
Balance and Diversity 
The Board is comprised of professionals experienced in the rail industry, Project and Corporate Finance, Engineering, Asset management and Health and Safety. The Board is kept appraised of the business's performance and shareholder interests through regular Board and Subcommittee reporting, as well as periodic CEO Reports to the Board.


Principle 2 - Board composition (continued) 
Appointments to the Board are made with the aim of balancing key skill sets on the Board to ensure appropriate experience to oversee management and assess the business performance. The Board notes that there could be more diversity within the Board. The business will formally consider over the next year the balance of expertise, diversity and objectivity on the Board. 
A policy on diversity and inclusion in relation to the workforce is being developed by the HR Business Partner. The Board will consider diversity as part of any future Board appointments. Size and Structure 
The Group has two appointed independent non-executive Directors, which is relevant given the ownership structure. The Board delegates detailed oversight to five subcommittees (Audit and Finance, HR and Remuneration, Asset, Health & Safety and Contracts) to enable effective decision-making, see "Board Committees" below. 
Effectiveness 
The Group does not have a formalised professional development programme for the Board. The shareholder representative development is carried out at the shareholder level, and the Board composition is decided to balance the needs of the business. The chairman reviews Board effectiveness through regular review sessions as do the shareholders. The Group does not currently carry out a formal annual evaluation of the performance of the Board, its Subcommittees, the Chairman, or individual Directors. The Board will consider the appropriateness of an annual effectiveness review in the coming year. 
Principle 3 - Director responsibilities Accountability 
The Group has established and maintains corporate governance practices through the Company Secretary to support effective decision-making. 
The Group maintains policies and practices that govern the internal affairs of the company including, without limitation, terms of reference. for the Board and various Subcommittees, delegated authorities, and the shareholder agreement. 
Conflicts are declared at the commencement of every Board and Subcommittee. 
Governance processes are periodically reviewed through meetings between the General Counsel and the Chair, and at the Board Strategy Day held annually. Committees 
The Group has 5 Subcommittees (Audit and Finance, HR and Remuneration, Asset, Health & Safety and Contracts), chaired by separate Board members and all committees are attended by the Chair and the CEO, and the General Counsel as Company Secretary. 
Term of reference for each Subcommittee sets out the authorities delegated. Integrity of information 
The Group's Subcommittees play a part in ensuring formal and robust internal processes to ensure systems and controls are operating effectively. The Subcommittees each report back to the Board on a periodic basis providing reliable information to enable the Directors to monitor and challenge the business performance and make informed decisions.
Principle 3 - Director responsibilities (continued) 
In addition, policies and procedures are reviewed and updated regularly to ensure they remain relevant and up to date. Principle 4 - Opportunity and risk Opportunity 
The Group's strategy is to protect the core business, evolve to meet future challenges and seek opportunities to grow the business while generating returns for our shareholders. Each Directorate measures how the Group generates and preserves value over the long term through the application of these principles. 
The Group has a Head of Business Development whose role includes identifying business opportunities, future opportunities for innovation and entrepreneurship. Key new business opportunities are discussed and approved at Board level. 
The Board has responsibility for overall strategic decision-making. The Audit & Finance Subcommittee has delegated responsibility for overseeing risk management and reports this to the Board on a quarterly basis and risks are also reviewed at the annual strategy day at the Board. 
The Group has Risk Management Procedures that are reviewed annually. Principle 5 - Remuneration Setting remuneration 
The HR and Remuneration Subcommittee has the responsibility for determining the policy in relation to remuneration for the executive management. Shareholder representative Board members are not reviewed by the Group. 
The HR and Remuneration Subcommittee reviews remuneration in relation to the Chair and the Senior Management Team c!gainst performance (including Safety, Asset and Cash delivery), behaviours, professional objectives and the business' values and strategy. 
Policies 
Remuneration schemes and policies are clearly set up with focus on metrics for business imperatives, such as safety, asset performance and cashflow. This enables effective accountability to shareholders. The Group is required to separately comply with the same requirements for Senior Management under the Long-Term Incentive Plan ("L TIP") Rules and the Annual Bonus Plan ("ASP") Rules. 
The Group has not formally assessed whether a gender pay gap exists but notes the male/female ratio of Senior Management is 40:60. The business will review whether to report in more detail on gender pay gaps in the coming year. 
Principle 6 - Stakeholder relationships and engagement External impacts 
The Group's strategy is to protect the core business, evolve to meet future challenges and seek opportunities to grow the business while generating returns for our shareholders. Each Directorate reviews how the Group generates and preserves value over the long term through the application of these strategies.
Principle 6 - Stakeholder relationships and engagement (continued) 
The Group has a formalised and ongoing Risk Management Procedure to facilitate the management of longterm value of the business, ensuring risks are identified, assessed and actions are taken to reduce business impacts. 
The Group has also developed a Sustainability strategy and built this into its 10-year vision. Stakeholders 
The Group assesses the impact of its activities on its stakeholders, in particular customers, employees, regulators, partners and suppliers and the wider community. 
Relevant matters are reviewed at Board meetings with management and assessed against strategic priorities, this collaborative approach helps promote the long-term vision of the Group. 
Each Directorate oversees the Group's relationship with different stakeholder groups in order to ensure effective business oversight. 
The Group presents stakeholders a fair, balanced and understandable assessment of the company's position and prospects through its annually report. Workforce 
The Group has channels that enable the workforce to share ideas and concerns with senior management, including the informal "PEG" (Protect, Evolve, Grow) Board to take staff suggestions, as well as number of employee representatives on the "People Forum" who discuss issues with management. The People Forum discuss areas such as the Whistleblowing Policy, the Engagement survey results and the PEG Board ideas. Staff performance is assessed through regular one-to-one meetings with line management plus interim and annual performance reviews and annual calibration of reviews. 
The Whistleblowing Policy is reviewed annually to ensure effectiveness. 
The Group's policies and practices are aligned with the company's purpose and values. This is monitored and updated by the HR Business Partner. 
The Board demonstrates how the Group has undertaken effective engagement with material stakeholders through discussion and actions identified at the Board and Subcommittee meetings. They are recorded in minutes and actions are recorded on a rolling action log reviewed every quarter.
