Bibby Line Group Limited December 2019_conv
Statement of Corporate Governance Arrangements 
The company is committed to and has applied the principles of corporate governance contained in the Wates Corporate Governance Principles for large private companies for the year ended 31 December 2019. Further explanation of how each principle has been applied is set out below. 
Purpose and leadership: 
An effective board develops and promotes the purpose of a company, and ensures that its values, strategy and culture align with that purpose. Founded in Liverpool in 1807, we are one of the UK's oldest family owned businesses, with 213 years' experience of providing personal, responsive and flexible customer solutions. As set out on page 5 our purpose is to grow the long-term value of the Group. Guided by our shared values, we are custodians of the family business for future generations, creating a diverse Group of innovative companies that develop colleagues, delight customers and give back to communities. Our values are core to the way in which we do business. These are set out on page 5. An overview of the Group's strategy and our corporate strategic objectives are also set out on page 5. Board composition: Effective board composition requires an effective chair and a balance of skills, backgrounds, experience and knowledge, with individual directors having sufficient capacity to make a valuable contribution. The size of a board should be guided by the scale and complexity of the company. The Board of Directors is set out on page 17. The Role of the Board is to work with management to review, challenge, and agree the strategy of the business, monitor progress against the strategy and review the mitigation of risks that may affect the execution of the strategy. The Board is collectively responsible for ensuring that the Group is well governed and there is an appropriate portfolio of companies to spread risk effectively. It also reviews trading performance, funding facilities, talent management, and maintains oversight ofthe Group's systems of risk management and internal control. The Non-executive directors are responsible for. bringing independent scrutiny and judgement to bear on the decisions taken by the Board. The Group has a separate Chairman and Chief Executive to ensure that the balance of responsibilities, accountabilities and decision making across the Group are effectively maintained. The schedule of matters reserved for the Board includes the appointment of Group directors or divisional chief executives, significant acquisitions, significant capital expenditure or leases, financial guarantees and bank facilities, and changes to Group accounting policies. The BLG Board met formally ten times during 2019, supplemented by regular executive team meetings, regular communication via email, and conversations between the Executive and Non-executive directors. During 2019 there was full attendance at all Board meetings. Subsidiary Boards include at least one representative of the Group holding company as a Non-executive director, at least one of whom is an Executive director of BLG who chairs the Board. The Group Board is responsible for the appointment of the divisional Chief Executives who are granted significant autonomy as to how to run their division, with oversight from their divisional Board. The Group has cascaded the governance structure to the divisional Boards providing clarity on decisions requiring divisional, and Group Board approval.

Directors' responsibilities: The board and individual directors should have a clear understanding of their accountability and responsibilities. The board's policies and procedures should support effective decision-making and independent challenge. The executive team is responsible for day to day management, with certain restrictions on their powers set out in the company's 'matters reserved for board approval' schedule. The Independent Non-Executive Directors are wholly independent in that they have no business relationships with the company that might influence their independence or judgement. We also have two family Directors, Sir Michael Bibby Bt. DL and Geoffrey Bibby. Geoffrey Bibby represents the interests of the major shareholders, and Sir Michael Bibby Bt. DL, acting as Chairman, represents the interests of all shareholders. Each Board member has a clear understanding of their accountabilities and responsibilities. The Board receives a monthly performance report which contains key commercial and operational performance reporting, financial information and KPls. The performance report facilitates Board discussion and engagement on key issues. Ofthe ten Board meetings held in 2019, there were nine Board meetings with broad agendas and an annual two day meeting that solely focused on the review of the Group and divisional strategy as set out in the operating plans. Certain governance responsibilities are delegated to the Audit and Risk Committee and Remuneration Committee. The Audit and Risk Committee's purpose is set out below and the Remuneration Committee's purpose is set out on page 24. The Audit and Risk Committee's purpose is to review the application of corporate governance, corporate reporting, risk management, and internal control activities within the BLG and advise the Group Board on such matters. The audit committee also oversees the Group's relationship with the Group's external auditor. The Audit Committee has been involved from the outset in respect of the PwC investigation into the financial results of BFS (Project Hazel) as noted in the Director's Report on page 19 and in note 29. The Audit Committee have fully reviewed the recommendations presented in respect of Controls & Governance and Fraud Management. The internal audit plan for FY20 was amended as a response to the findings to ensure recommendations are implemented in a timely manner. The audit committee members are the non-executive directors of the company (apart from the Chairman), who are considered to have appropriate financial expertise. The Chairman, External Auditor, Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial and Strategy Officer and Head of Internal Audit are invited to attend meetings of the committee as required. During 2019 the committee met six times, in line with the company's financial reporting cycle and to review the annual internal audit plan. There was full attendance by the committee members at all of the meetings. The audit committee reviewed the work of internal audit within BLG and met with the external auditors to review the completion of the 2018 statutory audit, confirm independence of the auditors, and the planning for the 2019 statutory audit. The audit committee continually reviews the form of the Annualieport to ensure that it accurately meets the needs of its recipients, whilst at the same time properly reflects the Group's status as a private company.

The audit committee has set guidelines for the pre-approval of all non-audit services to be provided by the external auditors. The audit committee reviewed the external audit fee arrangements and concluded that they are appropriate. Following a competitive tender process ran during Q3 and Q4 of 2020, the Group has appointed Mazars LLP as its auditor for the Group and subsidiaries for the year-ending 31 December 2020. Opportunity and risk: A board should promote the long-term sustainable success of the company by identifying opportunities to create and preserve value, and establishing oversight for the identification and mitigation of risks. Long-term strategic opportunities are captured in the annual Group Operating Plan process which is presented to the Group Board every year and covers a three year horizon. Short-term opportunities to improve performance, resilience and liquidity are captured through monthly and quarterly performance review meetings with each division, which are attended by the Group Chief Executive and the Group Chief Financial Officer. Our Principal Risks and Uncertainties are detailed on pages 10-13. These are monitored and managed through the quarterly performance review meetings with each division and are reported to the Group Audit Committee. The Board approved the implementation of an updated risk management framework, which includes the definition of risk appetite, which was implemented during 2019. Remuneration: A board should promote executive remuneration structures aligned to the long-term sustainable success of a company, taking into account pay and conditions elsewhere in the company. The Board delegates responsibility for the remuneration of holding company executive directors, any subsidiary business Chief Executive Officer, and other senior managers with salary over a certain level to the Remuneration Committee. The Remuneration Committee's purpose and guiding principles is to review and approve the remuneration (including aU salary, bonus and other benefits) of the holding company executive directors, any subsidi~ry business Chief Executive Officer, and other senior managers with salary over a certain level. The members of the remuneration committee are the Non-Executive Directors of the company except the Chairman. The Group CEO and HR Director are in attendance at each Remuneration Committee meeting, and the Chairman is also invited to attend. The Remuneration Committee met six times during 2019. There was full attendance throughout the year. In determining these remuneration packages the committee has regard to: • the importance of recruiting and retaining management of the quality required; • 
aligning the objectives of management with those of the shareholders; and • 
giving every encouragement to enhancing the Group's performance through innovation and achievement in the very competitive markets in which the Group operates. 
All executive directors have service contracts with the company which are terminable within six months by either party. Details of director remuneration are given in note 8 to the financial statements.
The Group operates a long-term incentive plan for the executive directors of the Group Board, senior employees in the central team and certain executive directors and key employees of the main operating subsidiaries. 
A long-term incentive plan covering the period from 2018 to 2021 was introduced for the executive directors of the Group Board and certain senior employees in the central team. The scheme is based on the delivery of financial and non-financial objectives with payment being distributed over a five year period. Stakeholder relationships and engagement: Directors should foster effective stakeholder relationships aligned to the company's purpose. The board is responsible for overseeing meaningful engagement with stakeholders, including the workforce, and having regard to their views when taking decisions. The Group is committed to being a responsible organisation, including minimising environmental impact, creating safe places for our people to work and develop, while supporting our communities, as explained in our s.172 Statement on pages 13-16. As also described on pages 13-16, the Group continually develops effective employee communication, consultation and involvement. Colleague engagement surveys are completed in all trading divisions with the results and related actions being reviewed at the Quarterly Performance Reviews. The Group's principal trading divisions use external Net Promotor Scores and Trustpilot ratings to support strong service level provision to their customers. The Group communicates openly with the BLG Pension Trustee Board, providing trading updates not less than twice a year.
