CORPORA TE GOVERNANCE STATEMENT 
For the year ended 31 December 2019, under The Companies (Miscellaneous Reporting) Regulations 2018, the Company has applied the Wates Corporate Governance Principles for Large Private Companies. These new corporate governance reporting requirements apply to company reporting for financial years starting on or.after l January 2019. We-have adopted the disclosure in our 2019 Report and Accounts and set out below is how we have applied the Principles over the past year to run the business. 
Principle l - Purpose and Leadership 
The Main Board and Executive Committee has continued to focus on the delivery of the Group Mission Statement "to give our guests a great time with memories that last a lifetime", and the development and execution of the S Year Plans for each of the brands. This work ensures that the values, culture and strategy are all aligned. The community of senior leaders in the business is known as 'Leadership Live'. This group is comprised of leaders across brands and functions and we recognise the importance of regular, high quality communication with this group who meet at least annually and who have virtual gatherings during the year. To support the Leadership Live community, this year the company has rolled out the 'Bourne Way of Leading' programme, four days of bespoke face to face development supported by an ambitious programme of virtual coaching. This programme is built around behaviours associated with delivering our mission. More broadly across the business, communication is multi layered with a variety of channels and including the annual Town Hall meetings and the brand and functional conferences. This year these were supplemented by a revision of the group intranet site. 
Principle 2 -Board Composition 
The Board comprises a separate Chairman and Chief Executive to ensure that the balance of responsibilities, accountabilities and decision making across each group trading company are effectively maintained, as well as a ChiefFinancial Officer, three trading brand Managing Directors, an independent Non-Executive Board member and three Non-Executive Board members representing the major shareholding families. The size and composition of the Board is considered to be appropriate for the nature and scale of our business. The Board comprises of seven men and three women with a range of experience across relevant and complementary sectors. An effectiveness review is conducted annually, conducted by the Chairman and reported to the Board. 
Principle 3 - Director Responsibilities The Board has a programme of nine principal meetings every year, plus two additional days for strategic planning. As part of every Group Board meeting, the governance of the Group is included as a standing agenda item. The Board meets at least six times per annum, reviewing trading performance, ensuring adequate funding, setting and monitoring strategy, examining major acquisition possibilities and reporting to shareholders. The Non-Executive Directors have a particular responsibility to ensure that the strategies proposed by the executive Directors are fully considered. To enable the ];loard to discharge its duties, all Directors receive appropriate and timely information. Briefing papers are distributed to all Directors in advance of Board meetings. The Chairman ensures that the Directors take independent professional advice as required. 
The Board receives regular and timely information on all key aspects of the business including health and safety, risks and opportunities, the financial performance of the business, strategy, executive forecasts, operational matters, market conditions and sustainability, all supported by Key Performance Indicators (KPJs) and a Balanced Score card for each brand and functional area. The work of the Board and its Committees is underpinned by delegations of authority. 
Principle 4 - Opportunity and Risk 
The Board promotes the long-term sustainable success of the company by identifying opportunities to create and preserve value. Review of operational & financial risks is delegated to the Risk Committee and strategic decision-making is reserved for the Board & some non-financial risks reviewed. The Board also considers all major projects (as defined by their value and risk profile) and approves them before any work is authorised. The Risk Committee & the cross-brand Strategy Board (as delegated by the Board) also considers further risks as part of the day to day management of the business. The principal risks and uncertainties are described on page 3 of this report. The Audit and Risk Committee is chaired by PE W Harris, includes two other non-executive Directors, and is scheduled to meet twice per annum. It is responsible for reviewing a wide range of matters including the annual financial statements before their submission to the Board and monitoring the controls which are in force 10 ensure the integrity of the infonnation reported to the shareholders. The Audit and Risk Comminee advises the Board on the appointment of external auditors and on.their remuneration both for audit and non-.. audit work, and discusses the nature, scope and results of the audit with the external auditors. The audit comminee keeps under review the cost effectiveness and the independence and objectivity of the external auditors. 
Principle 5- Remuneration 
The Remuneration Comminee's (RemCo) primary objective is to set remuneration at a level that will enhance the company's resources by securing and retaining quality senior management who can deliver the strategic ambitions in a manner consistent with both its purpose and the interests of its shareholders. The committee is chaired by R J Cook, includes two other non-executive Directors, and is scheduled to meet twice per annum. Meetings are also anended, by invitation, by other executive Directors as appropriate. Specifically, the RemCo considers gender pay-gap, executive pay and bonus structures and conducts regular benchmarking of salary and compensation packages throughout our business. 
Principle 6 - Stakeholders 
The Board is clear that good governance and effective communication are essential on a day-to-day basis to deliver our purpose and to protect the company's brand, reputation and relationships with all our stakeholder community including shareholders, guests and holiday home owners, employees, suppliers and the local communities in which we work. Annual team engagement surveys are perfonned to highlight improvements in the Group's strategic direction, optimism in the future and career opportunities. Engagement in 2019 was 86% and Employee Net Promoter Score (ENPS) was 48%. For the 13th consecutive year the Group was voted by learn members to be in the top 25 Best Big Companies lo work for, according to the Sunday Times. Each brand in the group undertakes extensive, independent guest satisfaction polling and all Brands have high levels ofNPS and we are pleased that they in increased in all Brands year on year. The fmdings are used to improve guest and owner advocacy in line with our mission to be the UK's most loved holiday and holiday home ownership business. Each year our Chief Executive Officer and our Chief Financial Officer present to our banking syndicate, sharing current and future perfonnance and plans. We maintain an ongoing, open and transparent relationship.
