British Airways Plc December  2019_conv
Corporate Governance Effective corporate governance is a key requirement for the Group. For the year ended 31 December 2019, under The Companies (Miscellaneous Reporting) Regulations 2018, British Airways has applied the Wates Corporate Governance Principles for Large Private Companies (the "Wates Principles") as its framework for disclosure regarding its corporate governance arrangements. 
Principle 1 - Purpose and Leadership BA's purpose is to connect Britain to the world, and the world to Britain. This is supported by the Company's business plan, which is refreshed and reviewed annually by the Board. 
BA has four commitments to drive behaviours to achieve the Company's vision; to be the best airline in the world: 
Be safe and secure, always Be passionate about service 
Be confident Be trusted advocates of BA 
BA's purpose is underpinned by three strategic anchors: 
Customer Experience - delighting customers at every step of their journey; Network - growing our network profitably; and Efficiency - using all our resources to the best effect. 
Further detail on the activity during the year to meet these objectives is included in the management review section on pages 2 to 5 of the strategic report. 
During the year IAG launched a new Group Code of Conduct which applies to all employees and Directors of BA and the other operating companies within IAG. This Code outlines the key behaviours expected of all employees and provides guidance on how to identify and report concerns. The Code outlines the IAG commitment to placing integrity at the core of all our business activities. The Code has been promoted to all employees by the Chairman & CEO of British Airways Pie. 
Principle 2 - Board Composition The Board comprises of four Non-Executive Directors and two Executive Directors (the Chairman & CEO and the CFO). Two of the Non-Executive Directors have other executive roles within IAG and two are external to IAG. The roles of Chairman and CEO have not been separated as it is considered that the two external Non-Executive Directors (one of whom is appointed as Deputy Chair) provide appropriate challenge and scrutiny to the Board's decision making process. In addition, significant financial decisions must be approved by IAG Management Committee and the IAG Board. In accordance with the Articles of Association, the Chairman & CEO is appointed by the shareholders. Four Directors are female and there is a diverse range of experience and skills to enable the Board to effectively fulfil its responsibilities. In accordance with the obligations for appointments and succession set out in the Articles of Association, the majority of members of the Board are United Kingdom nationals. The Directors have equal voting rights. 
The Board is collectively responsible for the management and effective oversight of the Company's business. The Chairman leads the Board and is responsible for ensuring the overall effectiveness of the Board and to ensure that Directors have access to information in order to inform Board decision making. Some of the duties of the Board are executed partially through committees of the Board. There are three Board Committees; the Board Safety Review Committee, the Remuneration Committee and the Corporate Responsibility Committee. Membership of each committee is drawn from both the Non-Executive Directors and Executive Directors and includes non-Director attendees. 
In order to inform the Board of the operations and performance of the business, the Board has access to members of senior management who attend Board meetings. All Directors have access to professional advice and services of the Company Secretary. Directors update their skills, knowledge and familiarity of the business by meeting with employees and by attending appropriate external seminars and training courses. There is an induction programme for all new Directors which provides access to all parts of the business, including IAG. 
. 
Principle 3 - Director Responsibilities Whilst the Board maintains effective oversight of the Company's business and has ultimate responsibility for major policy and financial expenditure issues, some key decisions are made by members of the Board, committees and senior management with the appropriate knowledge and experience. Company policies on governance, decision making and delegation ensure that every decision is taken with the right safeguards in place and is underpinned by appropriate considerations and processes. At the IAG level further oversight and direction is provided by the IAG Board, IAG Management Committee and the IAG Audit and Compliance Committee. IAG carries out detailed risk management reviews under the IAG risk management framework. 
The Board delegates authority for day-to-day management of the Company to the Management Committee which meets weekly and is chaired by the CEO and whose membership includes the CFO and leaders of each business area. The Management Committee is responsible for considering and recommending to the Board the BA Group's business plans, financial plans, strategic matters, major projects and programmes (including acquisitions, disposals, joint ventures), other capital investment or divestment decisions and other significant matters affecting the Company. The Board retains responsibility for reviewing the recommendations of the Management Committee and exercises an oversight role, constructively challenging recommendations and the decisions. Where financial approval is also required, this must also be obtained via the Capital Investment Committee approval process.

The Board aims to meet eight times per year. During 2019, there were nine Board meetings (of which, three meetings were primarily to facilitate approval of business cases). Board meetings were well attended during 2019 with all in-person meetings attended by every Director. Apologies for absence were accepted from one Director for each of the business case approval meetings, however, documentation was circulated in advance of each meeting and any comments were addressed at the meeting ahead of approval. 
The Board receives regular and timely information on all key aspects of the business, including business risks and opportunities, the financial performance of the business, strategy, operational matters, safety, market conditions and sustainability supported by Key Performance Indicators. Key financial information is collated from the Group's accounting systems and the finance function is appropriately qualified to ensure the integrity of this information. Financial information is currently externally audited by Ernst & Young LLP on an annual basis, and financial controls are reviewed by the Group's internal audit function. 
The Board agrees on how conflicts of interest should be identified and managed by the Company Secretary, with the conflicts register being reviewed regularly and interests authorised at each meeting of the Board. 
Principle 4 - Opportunity and Risk Opportunities Long term strategic opportunities are identified through the business planning process which includes input from all areas of the business. The three-year business plan is presented to the Board for approval each year. 
Internal control framework IAG complies with the Spanish corporate governance requirement regarding reporting on internal controls. The Group has an internal control framework to ensure it maintains a strong and effective internal control environment. This is independently assessed by the Group's Internal Audit function on an annual basis with results reported to the IAG Audit Committee. The Board is responsible for ensuring findings are remediated and the effectiveness of the framework was regularly reviewed by the Management Committee during the year. 
Business controls are reviewed on an ongoing basis by the IAG internal audit function through a programme based on risk assessment. Professionally qualified personnel manage the department with experience gained from both inside and outside the industry. A riskbased audit plan, which provides assurance over key business processes and commercial and financial risks facing the Group, is approved by the IAG Audit Committee half-yearly. 
The Board considers significant control matters raised by management and both the internal and external auditors. Where weaknesses are identified, the BA Board ensures that management takes appropriate action. 
Risk management IAG has an Enterprise Risk Management policy which sets out a framework for a comprehensive risk management process and methodology, ensuring a robust assessment of the risks, including emerging risks. BA manages its risks within the IAG framework, supported by risk management professionals in IAG. Risk owners are responsible for identifying risks in their area of responsibility. All risks are assessed for likelihood and impact against the Group business plan and strategy and are plotted on a risk heatmap. Key controls and mitigations are documented including appropriate response plans. Every risk has appropriate Management Committee oversight. Internal control and risk management systems in relation to the Group's financial reporting process and the process for the preparation of consolidated financial statements are in place. The Group implemented a new financial reporting system in July 2019. There were no other changes in risk management and internal control systems over financial reporting that have occurred during the year that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, the Group's financial reporting. 
The risk heatmap is reviewed every six months by the BA Management Committee and the IAG Head of Enterprise Risk Management to ensure that risks are appropriately evaluated and any further actions identified. This is then reported to the BA Board to assist in the management of risk. This comprehensive risk management process and methodology has been in place throughout the reporting period to which these statements apply and up to their date of approval. The principal risks and uncertainties that are reviewed by the Board are detailed further on pages 10 to 15 of the strategic report. 
Principle 5 - Remuneration The Remuneration Committee is responsible for setting remuneration for the Management Committee (excluding the Chairman & CEO and the Chief Financial Officer which are set by IAG). Remuneration is aligned to individual performance and behaviours, as well as achievement of BA's purpose, value and strategies and is set at a market competitive level to ensure that BA can attract and retain quality senior management. 
The Remuneration Committee is chaired by a Non-Executive Director and has clearly defined terms of reference. Further information relating to remuneration is set out in the People section on page 22. 
Principle 6 - Stakeholder Relationships and Engagement Information related to the Board's engagement with key stakeholders is set out in the Section 172 statement on pages 15 to 18 and in the People section below. The Group has an independent whistleblowing hotline through which stakeholders are encouraged to report any concerns for investigation by senior management.
