The Company has applied the Wates Corporate Governance Principles for Large Private Companies. 
Principle 1: Purpose and Leadership The Buzz Group has evolved over the years to become a leading operator in the bingo sector, currently operating 119 retail bingo clubs and an online bingo site, Buzzbingo.com. Central to the approach and offering across both business streams are our communities and customers. 
Since the acquisition by Caledonia in 2015 the Company has been through a transformational journey, but fundamentally we have always retained social responsibility and customer protection at the heart of everything wedo and this defines our purpose, goals and values: • 
The overarching purpose is "to bring people together, leading the way with innovative, responsible gaming" • 
Goals include creating an "empowered customer focused culture", "protecting our customers" and "innovation and product focus" 
• The core values are "empower and enthuse", "do the right thing, always", "Fear less, act more", "Listen, make it count" and "Care, Relentlessly". 
The purpose, goals and values have been reviewed and reinvigorated over the past year, under Board direction, to provide the framework to guide the group's strategy decisions, processes and culture. The messages have been communicated through the leadership conference/roadshows and regular colleague engagement across a range of media and approaches. 
The Board see themselves as actively engaged stewards of a socially responsible community orientated enterprise, promoting a long-term ethos of customer protection, inclusion, diversity, community engagement, wider social engagement and environmental responsibility. 
Principle 2: Board composition. A biography for each Board Director can be found on the group's website: www.buzzgroupltd.eo.uk/our-board-team The group has a separate Chairman and Chief Executive to ensure that the balance of responsibilities, accountabilities and decision making across the group are effectively maintained. The Chairman plays a pivotal role in creating conditions for the overall Board and individual director effectiveness. 
The Board also includes the Chief Financial Officer, two representatives of the majority shareholder (Caledonia Investments pie) and an Independent Non-Executive. This size and composition are appropriate to the size and focus of our business. 
Principle 3: Directors responsibilities Good governance supports open and fair business, ensures the Company has the right safeguards in place and makes certain that every decision it makes is underpinned by the right considerations. The Board has a clear understanding of its accountability and responsibilities. The Board met formally 13 times in 2019 plus 2 days for strategic planning. Whilst Board oversight is always maintained, the duties of the Board are partially executed by key decisions being made by the individuals and relevant committees with the most appropriate knowledge and experience. The Chairman and Non-Executive Director attend and act as chair of the relevant committee so they are able to challenge and influence across a broad range of areas across the Company. 
The Board delegates day-to-day management of the Company to the Operational Board which meets 13 times a year (each period) and is chaired by the Chief Executive. Members include the Chief Financial Officer, Chief Retail Officer, Chief Digital Officer, Chief Commercial Officer, Chief People Officer and Chief Information Officer. 
In addition, certain Governance responsibilities are delegated to other Board committees (Audit, Risk and Compliance Committee and Remuneration_ Committee) that include, as relevant, the Independent Non-Executive Director who supports effective decision making and independent challenge.

The Board receives regular and timely information on all key aspects of the business including the financial performance, key KPls, risk & compliance, strategy, operational matters and market conditions/considerations. 
Key financial information is collated from the Company's various accounting systems. The Company's finance function is appropriately qualified to ensure the integrity of this information. Financial information is externally audited by KPMG. Other key information is prepared by the relevant internal function. 
Principle 4: Opportunity and Risk The Board seeks out opportunity whilst mitigating risk. 
Opportunity Long term strategic opportunities are highlighted in the annual Company strategy process which is presented to.the Board. In addition, the Board are involved in the 'Vision Days' which form part of the development of the Company strategy. Opportunities are drawn from the business, the wider enterprise strategy and the various committees to which responsibility is delegated. Short term opportunities to improve performance, resilience and liquidity are collated as part of the regular reforecast process which is signed off by the Operations Board. 
Risks The Risk and Compliance Committee is a sub-committee of the Main Board and meets quarterly with the Director of Risk & Compliance in attendance, and any other relevant business representatives, to discuss inherent and emerging risks. Below this, at Company level there is the Risk and Compliance Steering group which consists of the Operational Board and functional heads. Both committees continue to refine and enhance the Company's risk management framework. The key operational risks and mitigations are outlined in the Strategic Report (page 3) and a list of emerging risks is considered at each of the Risk committee meetings. 
The Company's systems and controls are designed to manage, rather than entirely eliminate, the risk of failure to achieve business objectives and can only provide reasonable and not an absolute assurance against a risk materialising. 
Responsibilities The Company has a defined authority matrix and governance framework which delegates authorities and actions as appropriate. Whilst the committees have defined roles, an action underway in 2020 is to more formally document the terms of reference of each committee. 
Any material contract or capital commitment above predetermined levels (as defined by the Board) is approved by the Board to ensure the appropriate level of diligence has been performed in understanding the obligations, risks and terms associated with large commitments. This enables the group to protect the integrity and long-term sustainability for the businesses, to meet its strategic objectives and to create value for its shareholders, colleagues, customers and suppliers. 
Principle 5: Remuneration The Remuneration Committee's primary objective is to set remuneration at levels that will enhance the Company's resources by securing and retaining quality senior management who can deliver the Company's strategic goals and ambitions in a manner consistent visions, purpose and interests of shareholders and stakeholders. 
The Remuneration Committee has worked within a clearly defined framework which will be formalised in 2020 into a more detailed Terms of Reference and is responsible for making recommendations to the Board concerning the Company's remuneration strategy, recruitment framework and the long term incentive for senior executives and management. The directors' remuneration is disclosed in Note 7. 
In 2019 the group reported on The Gender Pay Gap for the second time which continues to highlight areas of improvement for 2020 and beyond. It is Company policy that there shall be no discrimination in respect of sex, colour, religion, race, nationality or ethnic origin, and that all employees be given equal opportunities in respect of training, career development and promotion.
Applications for employment from disabled persons are always fully considered, bearing in mind the aptitudes of the applicant concerned. In the event of members of staff becoming disabled, every effort is made to ensure their employment within the Company continues and appropriate training is arranged. It is the policy of the Company that the training, career development and promotion of disabled persons should, as far as possible, be identical with that of other employees. 
Principle 6: Stakeholder relationships and engagement The Board is clear that good governance and effective communication are essential on a day-to-day basis to deliver our purpose, visions and to protect our brand, reputation and relationships with all our stakeholders including shareholders, customers, employees, and the local communities in which we operate and suppliers. 
The Board continues to seek to align the Company's strategic direction with its purpose and to the shareholders' long -term aspirations for sustainability, growth, diversification and customer protection. 
External Impacts The Board is committed to social responsibility, community engagement and environmental sustainability. It achieves this in part through its commitment to: • 
Finding innovative ways to protect our customers whether in club or on line 
• A culture of safety, health and well-being of everyone who works for us • 
• 
Being an employer of choice where everyone is valued and respected Seeking new ways to reduce the environmental impact of our clubs 
Stakeholders and Business Relationships The Board promotes accountability and transparency with all external stakeholders and the fundamental belief in promoting and influencing our industry for the greater good of customers is reflected in our Chief Executive's active engagement across industry bodies. 
The group publicly issues details of the "Gender Pay Reporting", "Supplier Payment Performance Reporting" and the "Tax Strategy". The Company welcomes the focus these reports provide as it is constantly looking to improve its engagement with all stakeholders. 
There is a dedicated procurement team who operate a Procurement Governance Policy, Supplier Code of Conduct and Third Party Risk Management Policy, which ensures that all suppliers are treated fairly and consistently. 
Strong relationships are held with the key regulators of the activities, including the Gambling Commission, as well as long term associations with a number of charities and organisations that are aligned with our desire to put customers at the heart of all we do. 
Within the retail clubs the Company operates the Bingo Fan Index ("BFI"), the internal name for a rolling Net Promoter Score customer engagement survey which compliments more specific project related customer surveys and is operated independently of the clubs or local management. The BFI score is fed back into the club structure to improve customer service and our offering, with key learnings being shared across the retail business. The online operation have their own Net Promotor Score survey that helps to inform improvements and operational focus. 
Employee involvement The Company places considerable value on the involvement of its employees, recognising that it depends on their skills and commitment in order to achieve its objectives and live the values. Through the trading subsidiaries, the Company has continued the long standing practice of keeping them informed on matters affecting them as employees and on the various factors affecting the performance of the Company. 
Together with the Operational Board, the Board has overseen a number of initiatives since the acquisition by Caledonia to improve employee relations and communications, including roadshows, the launch of a colleague only App ("Zingo"), the award winning "Buzz Beats" newsletter and more regular club, regional and central briefings. These all help to share knowledge, develop best practice and celebrate achievements and success.
Annual employee engagement surveys are performed to highlight areas of improvement in communication and delivery of the Company's purpose and visions, these form the basis of future focus and development. In addition to the public forums, internally there are both well publicised anonymous whistleblowing channels and a more direct "Chat with Chris" feedback loop directly to the Chief Executive to encourage empowerment, feedback and transparency across the business.