CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT


As a large privately held business in the UK, Clarks is, in the preparation of this report, subject to the provisions of The Companies (Miscellaneous Reporting) Regulations 2018. Amongst other things, this legislation requires the Company to make a statement of its corporate governance arrangements in the Directors' Report (see page 36) detailing which corporate governance code the company applies. As stated in the Directors' Report the Company has chosen to apply the Wates Corporate Governance Principles for Large Private Companies and sets out below how the Principles have been applied over the past year. 
Principle I - Purpose and leadership 
"An effective Board develops and promotes the purpose of a company, and ensures that its values, strategy and culture align with that purpose." 
The Clarks group of companies was incorporated in 1825 and a significant majority of its shares are still held by persons with a family lineage back to its founders, Cyrus and James Clark. It operates globally as a footwear brand. 
The group's purpose is to ensure the Clarks' brand continues to prosper, and to be profitable and to deliver long term sustainable value for its shareholders. To do so it must protect the Clarks' brand reputation: create products which are relevant to the needs of its customers around the world and protect its heritage of excellence and innovation in shoemaking. In pursuing this purpose, it seeks to do so in a way that aligns it to the Clarks' heritage and Quaker roots by 
i. behaving responsibly in its commercial dealings and being respectful of all its stakeholders: 
ii. being fair and honest in its dealings with those stakeholders and 
iii. behaving in the spirit of the law as well as by the letter of the law. 
By leading with this purpose and operating in accordance with the values set out above, the Board strives to safeguard the long-term investment value of the business for all of its shareholders. 
Of further relevance is the Company's informal understanding with the Street Family Company Limited ("STFC') through which it seeks the opinion of family members on certain key items. This is done through communication between the Chair of the Board and the STFC Council, being a body of elected councillors of the STFC, appointed by its members. This does not affect in any way the Board's processes with regards to making all decisions in relation to the Company's business, (apart from those reserved for shareholders by legal right or otherwise as set out in the Company's constitution). It does, however, provide continued challenge to the Board that the Company is pursuing goals in line with its purpose and is being consistent with the Clarks' vision and values. 
The STFC itself is a vehicle through which, mainly, but not exclusively, family shareholders organise themselves to provide for the effective stewardship of the company and further, to encourage the continued ownership, interest and engagement of Clarks' family members for the long term.


Principle 2 - Board composition 
"Effective Board composition requires an effective chair and a balance of skills, backgrounds, experience and knowledge, with individual directors having suff,cient capacity to make a valuable contribution. The size of a Board should be guided by the scale and complexity of the company." 
A biography of each Board Director can be found at pages 31 to 35. 
The group has a separate Chair and CEO to ensure the balance of responsibilities, accountabilities and decision making across the group are effectively maintained. The Chair plays a pivotal role in creating the conditions for overall Board and individual director effectiveness. 
The Board comprises the Chair, the CEO, the CFO, five independent non-executive directors and two 'family' directors (nominees of the STFC council). Independent, 
that at least half of the Board, excluding the Chair, should be comprised of non-executive directors who are determined by the Board to be independent. Factors considered to determine independence are a lack of any other relationship with the Company such as being an employee, a significant shareholder or having served on the Board for in excess of 9 years. On this basis the Board consider Lucien Alziari, Tanya Cordrey, Tobias Zimmerer, Stephen Bolton and Victor Herrero to be independent. 
The Board believes the size and composition of the Board to be appropriate for its size, scope of operations and ownership structure. 
The Board would acknowledge a relative lack of gender and ethnic diversity on the Board but believes nonetheless that the diversity of experience and backgrounds of the Directors provides a balance of opinions and reflections on the matters that come before it for consideration. The Board remains committed always to providing an inclusive environment and fostering a diverse workforce at all levels. 
The composition of the Board did change through the course of the financial year. As intimated in the previous year's report, Tom O'Neill did not offer himself for re-election at the AGM, and so retired from the Board at the conclusion of that meeting. In consultation with the STFC Council, the Board had determined that Stella David would succeed Tom O'Neill as chair of the Board. Until Giorgio Presca assumed the role of CEO, Stella David had been acting CEO on an interim basis. Notwithstanding her time as an employee of the Company, the Board (after consultation with the STFC) felt that Stella David remained 
sufficiently independent to assume the Chair and moreover, that her period serving as CEO would be beneficial in establishing a good relationship with Giorgio Presca, as incoming permanent CEO. 
Upon Stella David assuming Chair of the Board, the role of Senior Independent Director was taken up by Lucien Alziari who had been carrying out that role during Stella David's time serving as CEO. 
On I April 2019, both Stephen Bolton and Victor Herrero were appointed as Directors. Their respective biographies appear on page 35. Stephen Bolton was appointed with the intention that he would succeed Walker Boyd as Chair of both the Audit Committee and the Share Valuation Committee. The retirement of Walker Boyd from the Board had been highlighted in last year's report. His intention had 
been to retire at the conclusion of the 2019 AGM. As events transpired Walker Boyd agreed to extend his tenure to 
allowfor the orderlY.~cession of Stephen Bolton to his mle'----- 
-~-~--w-.:h-:e-cn-u-:s-:e.;d~i-=-n-:::tch~is-c:-o-n7te=-xt-;-, --m:-"e-=-a-=-n--s ..,..in:-:d:;-:e:-:p:-:e~n-:;d-:-e-:-nt~in:-c-;h--a-r-ac=t--e-r--ra:-:s:-:C;::;:-h-:--:ai-:r of the two committees referenced above. Walker and judgement. Good corporate governance recommends 
Boyd resigned on 26 July 2019. 
As intimated above, the Board delegates some of its responsibilities to its Committees that comprise Audit, Remuneration, Share Valuation and Nomination. The terms of reference for each of these Committees are kept under regular review, considering best practice standards and what is appropriate for the business, as a private company. 
Each Committee has access to such information and advice as it deems necessary, at the cost of the Company, which also provides internal resources to enable each to undertake its duties. The Company Secretary acts as secretary to all the Committees. 
Directors have equal voting rights when taking decisions, except the Chair, who has a casting vote. Any Director that feels that any concern remains unresolved after discussion may ask for that concern to be noted in the minutes of the meeting. Any specific actions arising from such meetings are agreed by the Board and followed up by the relevant parties.


Principle 3 - Director responsibilities 
"The Board and individual directors should have a clear understanding of their accountability and responsibilities. The Board's policies and procedures should support effective decision-making and independent challenge." 
Each director is required to undertake training to ensure a clear understanding of the role of a director on the Board of a large private company. Importantly, each director has received clear instruction on the importance of being cognisant of the key stakeholder interests and matters set out in section 172 of the Companies Act 2006 (as to which see pages 39), being the statutory enactment of a director's fiduciary duty to the Company. The Board seeks always to act in a way that is in line with these duties. 
The Board typically maintains its oversight of the business 
through a pre-determined schedule of meetings throughout A Risk Control Group consisting of ExCom members and the year, as well as a strategy session with the executive and ad hoe meetings_cor:w.eo.ed,_as .. r:equir:ed,-to-deal-witl:i- - any exceptional matters arising. The Board has agreed 
with the executive a clear list of activities which should be reserved for its oversight. This typical pattern of meetings 
has been temporarily replaced with both meetings of the Covid-19 Crisis Committee referred to above and also by the Board meeting for shorter but more regular sessions in order to remain close to the unprecedented circumstances 
caused by the Covid-19 situation and the consequential mitigating actions. 
The Board delegates authority for day-to-day management of the company to the ExCom which meets monthly and is chaired by the CEO and is made up of such individuals as the CEO from time to time determines. It comprised at the end of the reporting period: Giorgio Presca, Chief Executive Officer; Philip de Klerk, Chief Financial Officer (interim); Massimo Barzaghi, Chief Commercial Officer: Gary Champion, President, Americas Region; Paul Wakefield, Chief Legal officer and Company Secretary; lngmar Kraak, Chief Transformation Officer (interim); Emiel Kleefstra, Chief People Officer (interim); and Victoria Hopkins, Senior Vice president, Office of the CEO 
The Board receives appropriate information prior to each meeting and in respect of all key aspects of the business including, risks and opportunities, the financial performance of the business, strategy, material operational matters, market conditions and Key Performance Indicators (KPls). 
Key financial information is collated from the company's various accounting systems. The finance function is appropriately qualified to ensure the integrity of this information. Financial information is currently externally 
risk and Internal Audit. ensures that inherent and emerging 
- -risk:s--afe-identified-and-managed-appropriat~ly ancJ-in a------timely manner. Principle risks affecting the business and its operations are identified and mitigating actions agreed and monitored. The Group meets regularly to review and refine relevant risks and updates its register in line with any changes in underlying conditions. The Company's key operational risks and mitigations are detailed in the Strategic Report on pages 2 to 26. 
The Board receives a report on the current principal risks at least once a year and reviews the appropriateness or otherwise of mitigating actions and assesses and sets the Company's level of appetite for risk in the context of the Company's conditions. 
The Board has clear guidelines for the category of material matters which must first be considered by it before any commitments are entered into (such as significant capital commitments, contracts above a certain value, material financial liabilities). This seeks to ensure the appropriate level of diligence has been performed in understanding the obligations, risks and terms of any initiatives to be undertaken. This contributes to protecting the integrity and long-term sustainability of all of its business and to creating and preserving value for its stakeholders. 
audited by EY on an annual basis, and financial controls are reviewed by the Internal Audit function with oversight by the Audit Committee. 
Principle 4 - Opportunity and risk 
"A Board should provide for the long-term sustainable success of the Company by identifying opportunities to create and preserve value and establishing oversight for the identi(tcation and mitigation of risks." 
Long term strategic opportunities are considered as part of the Company's ongoing strategic review process which is presented to the Board every year. Short term opportunities to improve business performance are considered routinely by the ExCom as part of their monthly meetings.


Principle 5 - Remuneration 
"A Board should promote executive remuneration structures aligned to the long-term sustainable success of a company, taking into account pay and conditions elsewhere in the Company." 
Responsibility for policy and assurance with regards executive remuneration is delegated by the Board to the Remuneration Committee. Its report on the Company's remuneration policy and how that policy has been applied during the reporting year is to be found at pages 52 to 63. 
Principle 6 - Stakeholder relationships and engagement 
"Directors should foster effective stakeholder relationships aligned to the Company's purpose. The Board is responsible for overseeing meaningful engagement with stakeholders, 
ExCom share the results of these surveys with the Board which provide a good snapshot of the workforce's morale and valuable tool in informing remedial action and driving improved leadership behaviours. 
The Company formally recognises the UK trade union, Community, with which it engages in respect of collective bargaining on pay, terms and conditions and other matters for UK distribution centre employees. The Company also consults with the trade union, Unite, on pay and other terms and conditions for office-based UK and ROI employees. 
Meaningful engagement with our consumers is of course critical in pursing the group's purpose. The Company's brand team works consistently to ensure appropriate and successful engagement with our different categories of consumer namely our 'core consumers', our 'parent consumers' and our 'adult consumers'. Engagement differs depending upon the category but consists variously of campaigns led by celebrity ambassadors (Freida Pinto and 
including the work[orce, and havingJ~gard t.o_th.eir_v.iews ___ - - Alexar-ide~S~ar-sgard};-by-charitable-assc,ciattons(Girl"Risi~ when taking decisions." 
- a charity on a mission to make sure every girl is free to 
The Board understands the importance of effective communication with all its stakeholder community including its shareholders, customers, employees and suppliers. It is also important that those stakeholders feel that the Board takes its social, ethical and environmental responsibilities as a global footwear brand seriously. A report on Corporate Responsibility highlighting wider engagement with stakeholders is to be found at pages 48 to 51. 
The Company recognises the importance of communicating with its shareholders to ensure that its strategy and performance are understood. The annual and interim report and accounts are available to all shareholders and the Board encourages all shareholders to elect to receive those reports via a secure online portal. 
All shareholders can ask questions of the Board at the Company's Annual General Meeting, which all Directors attend. At the meeting, both the Chair of the Board and the CEO give statements on the Company's performance during the financial year. All shareholders are encouraged to attend and participate in the AGM. The Covid-19 situation has of course presented difficulties in holding an AGM so far this year but the Board keeps the situation under review. 
The Board's engagement with the STFC is referred to under Principle I. 
With regards the workforce, regular employee engagement surveys are performed to assess the workforce's confidence in the Company's strategic direction, in its leadership and optimism in the future and career opportunities. The 
reach her full potential); events, social media, advertising campaigns; collaborations and traditional PR activities. The Board through its activities receives regular reports and assurance as to the nature and effectiveness of these activities. 
Engagement with our supplier base is set out in more detail as part of the Corporate Responsibility section at page 48

Activities of the board and committees in 2019 
The board During the financial period ending on I February 2020, the Board had oversight, considered and offered direction in respect of the following activities: 
- Revisions to banking terms in order to ease the restricted headroom affecting the fixed charge covenant; 
- 
- - 
Property deals to improve the headroom in respect of the fixed charge covenant (particularly US); 
Adoption of strategic incentive plan for senior executives; IT function and strategic direction; 
- Reviewed critically the Morelight investment with a view to understanding what process improvements should be taken from it; 
- Annual review of Health & Safety operations; - Annual Legal & Compliance Review; - Annual CSR Review; - Approval of Annual Report & Accounts; - Consideration of tri-annual valuation of the Clarks Flexible Pension Scheme; 
- Buy-back of shares from institutional shareholders;

- Annual review of technical Innovation in the footwear industry; 
- Cyber security mitigation; 
- Update, approval and publication of Modern Slavery Statement; Consideration of Foundation Programme; 
- Consideration of all capital expenditure requests in excess of £ I m; Review of digital strategy and e-commerce review; Annual review of marketing strategy; 
- Annual review of talent and succession planning; Best practice governance; 
- Arrangements with external management consultants as to transformation project; Annual review of Supply Chain; Oversight of legal action brought by former CEO; and Continuing arrangements with India. 
The audit committee The Audit Committee met four times during the 2019/20 financialyear. Alln:Lembers oLtbe_comrnittee_are_expectedto attend all the meetings and attendance at these meetings by the committee members is shown on page 29. The Group Finance and Risk Director, Group Director of Internal Audit, the External Auditors, together with the CFO, Company Secretary and other persons may also attend the meetings by invitation. The Audit Committee is chaired by Stephen Bolton and a majority of its members are independent. Stephen Bolton has competence in accounting and the members as a whole have competence relevant to the financial aspects of the Company. 
The independence and objectivity of the external auditors and the effectiveness of the external audit processes are also considered by this Committee. It is a specific responsibility of the Audit Committee to ensure that an appropriate relationship is maintained between the Company and its external auditors, including periodic tendering for (and best practice rotation of) audit services. After an audit tender process during the summer of 2016, the Audit Committee recommended the appointment of Ernst & Young (EY) as replacement auditors to KPMG. They conducted their first audit in respect of the financial statements for the twelve month period ending 3 February 2018. The Company confirmed their continuing appointment by Ordinary Resolutions at the 2018 and 2019 AG Ms. It is recommended EY be confirmed as auditors for a further period of one year at the next General Meeting of shareholders. 
Its duties and responsibilities, as set out in its terms of reference, include: Monitoring and reviewing the integrity of the annual and interim financial statements of the Company and reporting to the Board on significant financial reporting issues and judgements, having regard to matters communicated to it by the external auditor. 
- Reviewing the policies and processes for identifying and assessing the Company's internal and financial controls and risk management systems. Reviewing GDPR and IT Controls Approving the internal audit plan and monitoring adherence to the plan during the year. Reviewing the Company's policies and processes on whistleblowing, fraud and compliance. 
- Making recommendations to the Board in relation to the appointment, reappointment and removal of the Company's external auditor, including approval of their remuneration. 
- Reviewing and approving the policy on the use of the -- -exter-nal-aweitor--for--AeA-al:ldit-servi<:es-. - ----- 
- Approval of audit plan 
The meetings during the year focused on: - Reviewing the 2019/20 Annual Report and Financial Statements and the 2019 interim results. As part of the review, the Committee received reports from management on the key accounting judgement elements (which included reports upon the basis of revenue recognition, inventory provisions, provisions held against onerous leases and store impairment assessments in respect thereof, treatment of financial derivatives, treatment of items as non-underlying or otherwise) going concern and taxation. 
The review also included consideration of the EY Audit Committee Report. 
- Monitoring the Company's risk management framework and internal controls and policies (for which the Board has overall responsibility). Throughout the year the Committee has received regular reports from the Risk and Internal Audit and the Compliance functions, which together, have worked towards developing an improved risk environment throughout the Company. Focus was given to planning for the continuing challenge affecting the Company with regards to cyber security and data privacy as well as considering the risks presented by the external trading environment and the risks facing the Company in the different regions in which it operates. 
- Reviewing the appropriateness of considering the Company as a going concern. 
- Reviewing the Risk and Internal Audit functions, including receiving reports on internal audits carried out in 2019/20 and approving the 2020/21 audit plan. The


effectiveness of the Internal Audit function was specifically considered by the Committee during the year from which certain objectives and areas for improved effectiveness were identified. 
- A focus upon the Company's response to control risks identified as part of the external audit process. Reviewing the external audit plan and the independence and objectivity of the auditors. Reviewing the effectiveness of the external audit. Approving the fees charged by the external auditors. 
- Regulating the provision of non-audit services to the Company by the external auditor 
- Reviewing the continuing audit of footwear suppliers (to promote compliance with international laws and good practice) and reports on the Company's Health & Safety operations. 
- Reviewing material litigation to which the Company is subject. 
- Reviewing the effectiveness of the Company's whistleblowing procedures and receiving reports upon incidend raised and where appropriate monitoring the actions taken. 
- Reviewing and updating its terms of reference. - Reviewing progress of the Transformation Programme Risks. 
The 2019/20 year end process has been extended due to the Covid-19 impact assessment and to allow additional time for the audit committee to verify the going concern position of the group given the current material uncertainties. 
Remuneration committee The Remuneration Committee met 6 times during the year and its responsibilities include setting the total remuneration awards to Executive Directors and reviewing the total remuneration and other benefits of other members of the ExCom. The meetings are supplemented with telephone or video conference meetings through the year when deemed necessary. The Committee also receives reports on, and reviews the terms and conditions of, senior management's remuneration, and approves both short term and long-term incentive plans/targets offered in the business. External advisers are appointed to assist the Committee as it deems appropriate. The Remuneration Committee is currently chaired by Lucien Alziari and a majority of its members are independent. As to its work during the year, the full remuneration report is to be found at pages 52 to 63.


Share valuation committee This Committee meets twice a year with representatives of those advisers responsible for valuing the Company's shares, to review general trading conditions and provide the necessary information to enable a valuation of the Company's shares (in accordance with the provisions of the Company's Articles of Association) by the independent valuer. This Committee is chaired by Stephen Bolton. 
Nominations committee This Committee is responsible for Board succession, planning and composition and currently has four members. External advisers are used by the Committee as appropriate. The Committee is typically chaired by the Company Chair.
