Corporate Governance Statement 
CCM recognises that corporate governance provides the framework within which we form our decisions and build a business that Is focused on adopting long-term sustainable growth as well as delivering long-term value to all stakeholders. 
We started our journey of reviewing our governance arrangements during the year within the parent of the Company, Cabot UK Holdco Limited (uHoldco") with the aim of achieving more effective decision making within the board of Holdco ("Holdco Board") and at management and subsidiary levels across the group. This work wlll continue throughout 2020. We believe that how we do business Is as important as what we do. The Holdco Board sets the tone to achieve our results In a way that treats customers fairly and helps to strengthen communities and this is encapsulated in our "Financlal Recovery - Helping Each and Every Customer" mission statement. Our culture determines how we behave, how we make decisions and our attitude towards risk. It is also aligned with the Group's purpose, values and strategy. 
Part of the review of our governance arrangements last year included undertaking an exercise to assess how much of the UK Corporate Governance Code we comply with. Notwithstanding that, we set out below our assessment of how our corporate governance policies and processes operate to achieve the desired outcome for each principle of The Wates Corporate Governance Principles for Large Private Companies. 
Principle 1: Purpose and Leadership 
The purpose of the Holdco Board is clearly defined in the Terms of Reference adopted by it this year which in dudes (i) being collectively responsible for the long term success of the company, its major subsidiaries and regulated entities both In the UK and Europe ("the Group") and the delivery of sustainable value to shareholders; (ii) providing leadership of the Group within a framework of prudent and effective controls which enables risk to be assessed and managed; (iii) setting the strategic alms of the Group, aligned to those of the wider Encore Group, ensuring that the necessary resources are in place to meet its obligations, Its responsibilities for the allocation and raising of capital and reviews of business and financial performance; and (iv) leading the development of the Group's culture, values and standards and to ensure that its obligations to shareholders and others are understood and met. In carrylng out the duties of the Holdco Board, the directors will act in accordance with all relevant and applicable legislation and regulatory rules. In particular, they will take into account the Directors Duties contained in the Companies Act 2006 and any other common law and statutory duties. 


The Holdco Board and the boards of its subsidiaries foster effective stakeholder relationships aligned to the Group's purpose as detailed under Principle 6 (Stakeholder relationships and engagement) below. During our assessment for the Investors in People Gold status award, our assessor noted they were very Impressed with the manner in which our Vision and Values continue to be a driving force of the business and noted how they had experienced the passion and enthusiasm of CCM people, the quality of leadership, the effort and passion we put Into employee engagement and the intense focus we give to learning and development. 
Prlnclple 2: Board Composition 
We have an appropriately sized Holdco Board comprised of a mixture of Executive and Non-Executive directors including an Independent Non-Executive Director with the appropriate balance of skills, backgrounds, experience and knowledge with individual directors having sufficient capacity to make a valuable contribution. The composition of our Holdco Board promotes effective decision making and supports the delivery of our company strategy. The roles of the Holdco Chair and Holdco Chief Executive Officer are separated to ensure a balance of power and effective decision-making. Pursuant to the Terms of Reference adopted by the Holdco Board this year, the Chalnnan of the Board shall annually evaluate the effectiveness of the constitution and performance of the Board and this annual evaluation may be facilitated externally at least once every three years. The Board shall report to shareholders on Its activities, to be Included in the Annual Report and Accounts. 
Prtnclple 3: Director Responsibilities 
The Holdco Board and Individual directors have a dear understanding of their accountability and responsibilities and policies and procedures support effective decision-making and independent challenge. As part of our Governance review this year, we conducted a thorough review of the allocation and responsibility across the Holdco Board in relation to risk and compliance, audit and remuneration. As a result we separated our audit and risk committee to ensure independent challenge and reviewed and updated our Terms of Reference for each Statutory Committee of the Holdco Board comprising an Audit Committee, a Risk & Compliance Committee and a Group Remuneration Committee. 
We also commenced the review of our Group Delegated Authorities Framework and have taken steps to simplify this and align It with the regulatory governance that we have put in place with the introduction of the Senior Managers and Certification Regime applicable to our UK regulated businesses. This work will continue into 2020. In addition to this, we also commenced a review of our operational governance framework which Includes a review of our policies and this work will continue into 2020. The Holdco Board is aware of the Importance of disclosing and managing conflicts of interest and this is enshrined in our Conflicts Policy. 
Principle 4: Opportunity and Risk 
The Holdco Board recognises the Importance of promoting the long-term sustainable success of the company by identifying opportunities to create and preserve value, and establishing oversight for the Identification and mitigation of risks. 
In terms of long term strategic opportunities, the Holdco Board conducts an annual strategk review. It also has a Group Delegated Authorities Framework in place (currently being reviewed) to ensure that decisions are taken by the right people in the right forum.


The Holdco Board has delegated its management of risk and compliance to Its Risk & Compliance Committee who adopted new Terms of Reference this year. The· purpose of the Risk & Compliance Committee is to monitor, review and report its conclusions to the Board on (i) the current and future risk appetite, the extent and categories of risk which the Board regards as acceptable forth~ Gro4p to bear; (ii) the Group's risk management framework; and (ill) the Group's risk culture to ensure that It supports the Group's risk appetite. The Committee will take a forward-looking perspective, anticipating changes In business conditions. 
Our Enterprise Risk Management Framework Policy outlines the Group's commitment and approach to Enterprise Risk Management (ERM) including: the Three lines of Defence; the ERM Framework; the approach to Risk Appetite and Risk Assessment; Reporting and alignment to our ultimate parent company; as well as Governance, Roles and Responsibilities. We are looking to enhance our Risk Management Framework through a series of Initiatives which are underway and will continue into 2020. 
Principle 5: Remuneration 
The Holdco Board recognises that appropriate and fair levels of remuneration help to secure and retain high-quality directors, senior management and employees. 
The Holdco Board has an established Remuneration Committee which is responsible ~or setting a remuneration policy that promotes long tenn valuation creation through transparent alignment with the agreed corporate strategy of the Group that supports performance, encourages the sustainable financial health of the Group's business and promotes sound risk management for the success of the Group and to the benefit of all its stakeholders. The Remuneration Committee also oversees the effectiveness of the Group's remuneration framework and its terms of reference were reviewed and updated this year as part of our corporate governance review. The Group Remuneration Committee is directly accountable to the Holdco Board for setting the Group Remuneration Policy taking into account the Group's long term business strategy, Group values, regulatory requirements and risk appetite. 
The general principles that we apply to remuneration is consistent with and promotes sound and effective risk management and Is In llne with the Group's business strategy, objectives, values and long term interests and Incorporates measures to avoid conflicts of lnte~t. We have developed remun~ratlon structures which lncentivise our employees to facilitate the long term success of the company. This Is done through a combination of fixed and var:1.able compensation including bonus and long tenn incentive plans. Basic fixed remuneration primarily reflects relevant professional experience and organisational responslblllty as set out in an employee's Job description as part of the terms of employment. Variable remuneration is discretionary, drives ,the right behaviours and reflects a sustainable and risk adjusted performance as well as perfonnance in excess of that required to fulfil the employee's Job description as part of the terms of employment.

Principle 6: Stakeholder relationships and engagement 
The Holdco Board and the boards of its subsldiarles foster effective stakeholder relationships aligned to the Group's purpose. The Holdco Board Is responsible for overseeing meaningful engagement with stakeholders, including the workforce, and having regard to their views when taking decisions. The Holdco Board recogn.ises that dialogue with stakeholders helps it to understand the effects of company policies and practices, predict future developments and trends, and re-align strategy~

Building strong relationships with our stakeholders helps enable us to deliver our strategy in llne with long-term values and operate the business In a sustainable way. Our stakeholders are the people who work for us, our suppliers, our communities, people who we help to financial recovery, who own us and Invest in us and who regulate us. We are committed to doing business responsibly and thinking for the long term. This is key to delivering our strategy. 
As stated above, we are very proud to be one of just 600 organisations nationwide to be awarded Investors in People Gold status and one af Just 200 corn pan les In the UK to become Investors in People Champion. Engagement with our workforce at all levels through a range of channels is fundamental to our key to success. We run various activities and forums to foster participation In Group events, invite opinions and Ideas and regularly canvas views via colleague opinion surveys and assess the results of these. During this year we have also commenced a review of all of our policies and procedures to ensure they are aligned with our purpose and values. As an example, we have commenced a review of the .effectiveness of our whlstleblowlng policy and speak up culture and this review will continue into 2020. Our CEO and CFO also present strategy and quarterly performance updates. 
Our customers are at the heart of our business, with our mission being to help each and every customer to financial recovery. Our customers wish to be treated fairly and with dignity and respect on their road towards financial recovery. Through understanding each customer's Individual situation, we offer them an affordable and sustainable payment solution. The Holdco Board focuses on customers• needs and the Issues they face and receives regular reports on customer performance. It benchmarks CCM's performance In relation to customers using customer satisfaction scores (see below) and regularly reviews of a section of customers calls and data and other management info. 
Customer service and regulatory compliance are at the core of the Group's business and culture and are implemented through its collections strategy. The Group seeks to treat its customers fairly and offer affordable payment solutions, often through long-tenn payment plans. As members of the ICS, we are able to undertake benchmarking of customer satisfaction, across the UK and Financial Sectors, which gives us unique insight on how we can deliver even better experiences for our customers. This Includes both a customer and a colleague survey. The Group has ICS customer satisfaction scores In excess of the UK banking and building society benchmark and many leading high street banks. The Group has won numerous industry accolades this year, including the Investors in People Gold and Champion awards, the Employee Engagement Strategy Award 2019, The Institute of Customer Service Best Vulnerable Customer Strategy Provider and Law Finn of the Year 2019, Credit Awards, Best Vulnerable Customer Support Initiative 2019, Debt Purchaser of the Year 2019, Best Legal Services Provider 2019 and Collections and Customer Service Awards. 
The Holdco Board engages with our investors who provide our capital and without whom we could not grow and invest for future success. Our investors are concerned with a broad range of issues including, but not limited to our financial and operational perfonnance, strategic execution, investment plans and capital allocation. We engage with our investors regularly including presenting quarterly reports at investor calls, Q&A sessions, requesting feedback on Investor meetings, issuing press releases as well as uploading detalled Information about the CCM Group and matters of interest to Investors and other stakeholders on our www.cabotcm.com website. Investors' opinions were taken into account in the shaping of the Group strategy capital structure as the key decision to drive down leverage last year was based on investor feedback. 
Giving back to our communities and looking after our environment is important to our business and to our employees and the business. We demonstrate our culture and commitment to doing business the right way through our corporate social responslblllty. The Holdco Board endorses a culture of giving back time, skills and technology and approved a strategic objective in our 2020-2024 strategic plan to build a charitable culture within the Group. By way of a few examples, our colleagues '1n our UK King's Hill office completed 500 charitable volunteering days. our UK HuU office participated in a local Enterprise Partnership Scheme and provided HR mentoring to a local secondary school, our Spanish office made donations of 50 screens and 20 compute~ to AFANIAS (For its Schools and Professional Training Centres for people with Intellectual disablilty), our Irish office collected Items that a local women's shelter required and in 2019 we invested £40,000 In our charity of the year selected by our King's Hill based employees. We are also committed to looking after our environment and examples of these Include the fact that our UK King's HIii office Is now entirely powered by renewable energy, our UK Hull office Installed additional Multlfunctloii devices replacing desktop printers, all with print management reducing unnecessary printing and paper waste and greater cartridge capacity, our Spanish office Implemented an environment management system which Incorporates many initiatives such as paper reduction and LED lighting, our French office have a recycling scheme with the union representatives for paper on premises, our UK King's Hill office has removed plastic cups from its office with an estimated saving of 120,000 single use plastics per year and introduced car share arrangements saving 200,000 miles driven per year, equating to 9,100 gallons of_petrol and 27 mllllon grams of 002. 
We engage with our suppliers to help drive change in our organisation through innovation, promoting new ideas and ways of working, whilst working with our suppliers to ensure thatthey reflect the same values and behaviours that we expect from our own people. 
We also seek to bulld strong relationships with other key stakeholders In the areas in which we operate, such as regulators. Our directors take an active interest in these connections and participate where possible in building such relationships and leading the liaison between the Group and other trading organisations or associations. Since becoming fully authorised our two major UK Regulated entitles have maintained a strong open and transparent relationship with the primary UK regulator the FCA. This relationship has been based on a two way flow of lnfonnatlon which has aided the FCA to gain a more detailed understanding of our sector. This proactive approach will enable the Group to successfully negotiate the UK regulatory environment helping to avoid potential censor as well as seeking to shape regulatory policy. Our lrlsh regulated entity also takes a similar approach with the primary Irish regulator the CBI.
