Corporate Governance report


Corporate Governance codes. The company is a large privately-owned company. The Board's philosophy is to follow best practice in corporate governance appropriate to a company of its size and the regulatory framework that applies to it, recognising that robust corporate governance practices underpin effective management of the business which is in the best interests of all stakeholders. Accordingly, the Board has resolved to adopt the Wates Principles as the most appropriate corporate governance code to follow. 
Ownership structure 
The chart below sets out the ownership structure of the company and the companies within our Group as at 31 March 2020.


Our governance framework Within Cadent Gas Limited, our governance structure is set out below: 
Cadent Gas Limited Board 
The Chairman holds primary responsibility for the effective running of the Board Board Committees 
Nomination Committee 
Audit& Risk Committee 
Remuneration Committee 
Safety & 
Sustainability Committee 
Chief Executive Officer - holds primary responsibility for the running of the business 
The Executive Committee - comprised of the company's most senior busi_ness and functional leaders Other executive-level committees Senior management 
In addition to the core Committees. there is an Advisory Board for the Cadent Foundation and a Steering Committee overseeing Cadent's involvement as a core participant in the Grenfell Public Inquiry. 
Purpose and leadership 
The Board is focused on its principal role to promote the success of the company. In doing so, the Board considers a range of factors and stakeholder interests. 
Purpose and vision The Board recognises the importance of ensuring that the company and its workforce operates with a clear sense of purpose and collective vision. During the year, we have carefully considered this as part of the development of our RIIO-2 Business Plan submission. In the relatively short period since the company has been operating on a stand-alone basis, the Board considers that it has defined a simple and clear purpose that our stakeholders can understand: to 'Keep the Energy Flowing'. The Board has however approved a refreshed, more ambitious vision, to fulfil that purpose, as part of the development of the business plan. During the year, the Board monitored and provided stewardship over the way in which management directs the workforce to fulfil the company's purpose and achieve its vision, from incident response, to the programme of mains replacement, to the company's participation in important work on the future role of gas and the path to net zero. There has been encouraging progress but there is always more to do. Nevertheless, the Board is comfortable that the company's stated purpose and brand are becoming increasingly aligned and reflect our renewed focus on customer. 
Values and culture 
The Board has required evidence and assurance from management that the company's stated values of Courage, Commitment, Community and Curiosity are embedded into the organisation through the behaviours and culture of the workforce. To that end, in the context of the senior leadership conference hosted by Steve 
Fraser in December 2019, and attended by Non-Executive Director representatives, the Board considered the key messaging ahead of the conference and received feedback from the Executive Directors afterwards. To provide indicators of the company's culture, the Board also reviews the results of employee opinion surveys, monitors customer feedback scores, receives reports from the company's Chief People Officer and, through the Audit & Risk Committee, reviews the level and nature of reporting to the company's whistleblowing hotline and internal audit findings. 
The Board also spent time during the year in considering what governance and cultural lessons could be taken from the published findings of the recent regulatory investigations into Southern Water. You can read more about this in our Section 172 Statement on page 57. 
Strategy One of the Board's key leadership roles is to help develop the company's strategy and business model to generate long-term sustainable value. This was a particularly important year in this regard as our RIIO-2 submission set out for Ofgem our business plan for the next regulatory period. Accordingly, substantial Board time was allotted to consideration of this submission to support the management team during the year. The Board has also taken in comments and feedback from a range of stakeholders including our Customer Engagement Group, resulting in us agreeing our strategic priorities as set out on pages 16 onwards. The Board considers that the strategy, along with the company's values, supports appropriate behaviours and practices within the workforce. We recognise the need to carefully balance the company's short-term needs with our long-term aspirations, and the presence and experience of the combination of our Nominated Non-Executive Directors and Sufficiently Independent Directors facilitates this. 
Finance Committee


Board composition Each of our Directors have been carefully selected to the Board bringing a wealth of experience, knowledge and expertise to the company. They have a balance and depth of skills and diverse backgrounds which are critical for the effective leadership of the company for all stakeholders and to mitigate against 'group thinking'. Of particular note is the experience the Board has in the areas of the regulated utility sector, infrastructure, government and regulation. To read more about our Directors' skills and experience, please read their biographies on pages 73 to 77. We acknowledge that the Board may benefit from more gender diversity, however the Board does not operate a formal Board Diversity Policy or set targets for gender representation on the Board, since Board appointments are a matter reserved to the shareholders of TopCo. Our shareholders are, of course, encouraged within their own organisations to consider Board diversity when nominating Directors to the Board. Our sufficiently independent Directors are appointed in accordance with our Gas Transporter Licence to provide independent challenge and input to the Board. A key part of the Non-Executive Directors' role is to support executive management in developing and remaining focused on the longer term strategy for the business, including the future role of gas, as well as to keep under review the principal and emerging risks !o the successful execution of the strategy. All Directors have been appointed for less than four years as at 31 March 2020. 
Appointments to the Board The Board has established a Nomination Committee to consider and make recommendations to the Board for the long and short-term strategy plans for succession of our Executive Directors, members of our Executive Committee, other senior Executives reporting to the Chief Executive Officer, our Chairman and Sufficiently Independent Directors. 
Steve Hurrell, Chief Financial Officer, served as Interim Chief Executive Officer from February 2019 until 2 September 2019 when Steve Fraser was appointed as Chief Executive Officer, at which time Steve Hurrell resumed his former role as Chief Financial Officer. The process leading to Steve Fraser's selection and appointment was reported in the company's annual report for the preceding financial year ended 31 March 2019. 
The appointment of our Shareholder Nominated Directors is governed by an agreement between the shareholders of TopCo. Details of the work of the Nomination Committee during the year can be found in the Nomination Committee report on page 95. 
Board and Committee meetings To enable the Board and its Committees to perform effectively, a comprehensive schedule of meetings is in place, ensuring all Board and Committee meetings follow an annual schedule of business, covering matters in line with their matters reserved and terms of reference. In addition, strategic reviews, ad-hoe meetings and briefings are arranged where more extensive input from the Board or its Committees is required. In managing the Board, Sir Adrian ensures enough time is given to all agenda items and actively encourages and facilitates contributions from all Directors. 
Our Board focuses on providing direction and input to the business. A regular programme of operational and regulatory matters, both short-term and longer term in nature, are presented to the Board for consideration. Matters brought to the Board are adapted according to the needs of the business, to accommodate any matters the Board Committees have raised and, importantly, to reflect any changes in our external environment. Time is also allocated at all meetings to discuss any other business which all Directors are invited to raise. 
Our Board composition GRAPHIC REMOVED 
Non-Executive Chairman and Sufficiently Independent Director (Sir Adrian Montague CSE) appointed in accordance with the agreement between the shareholders of the company's ultimate parent company, Quadgas Holdings TopCo Limited ('TopCo'). 2 Additional Sufficiently Independent Directors (Dr Catherine Bell and Kevin Whiteman). 2 Executive Directors (Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer) 11 Shareholder Nominated Non-Executive Directors nominated by TopCo. each represent one of the members of the investor consortium in TopCo. The Company Secretary and General Counsel 
4 Alternate Directors, appointed in accordance with the agreement between the shareholders of TopCo Limited to participate in Board meetings when their principal Shareholder Nominated Director is unable to attend.


Board information and support We recognise the importance of providing the Board with timely, concise and quality information to enable them to provide leadership and decision making for the company, taking account of its longterm interests and its stakeholders. We see this as a two-way information flow between the Board and business and to be effective we have put in place good governance practices around the Board meetings and the information provided to those Board meetings. It is important to the Board and business that information is shared at the appropriate time to gain effective input from the Board. 
Our Chairman is supported by the company Secretariat to arrange the annual schedule of Board and Committee meetings and the business to be considered. Before each meeting, typically a week ahead, the Board and Committees receive a detailed agenda and papers. The papers are drafted and sponsored by senior Executives within the company and, where required, senior Executives will be invited to the meeting to present and discuss the matters contained in their paper. We follow a pre-set template for Board papers to allow consistency of reporting, enable a focus on the key matters and for the Board to be clear about what is being asked of them. During our meetings, the Directors may request additional actions to be taken and those actions are agreed by the Board and a follow-up procedure, managed by the company Secretariat team, ensures their completion. Outside of the formal Board and Committee meeting cycle, the Directors are kept informed of matters of interest and concern to them, either through written papers, or discussions with the Chief Executive Officer or senior executives. 
Effectiveness 
Ordinarily the Board would commission an evaluation of its effectiveness on an annual basis. The last evaluation process was undertaken in August 2018 by Independent Audit Limited, an independent third party. The Board decided in July 2019 to postpone the annual effectiveness review until 2020 to enable Steve Fraser to settle into the business following his appointment in September 2019. Independent Audit were invited in early 2020 to support our internal board review using their online tool Thinking Board®, which took place in May 2020. The Report was presented to the Board in July 2020. Following a period for consideration and discussion, a recommended action plan will be presented to the September Board. The process and outcome of the effectiveness review will be summarised in the company's annual report for the financial year ending 31 March 2021. 
Our Executive Directors undergo performance evaluations annually; and the results of these are considered in the review and approval of the annual remuneration packages by the Remuneration Committee. 
Development and training During the year, our Directors continued to develop their knowledge of the Business and kept abreast of their duties as Directors by a combination of activities, including: • site visits; • strategy days on RIIO-2; • 'deep dive' sessions on key business topics; and 
• briefings from the General Counsel and company Secretary on Directors' duties and latest corporate governance requirements. 
Steve Fraser undertook a tailored induction programme designed to efficiently provide him with a detailed understanding of the business and enable him to become effective in his role as Chief Executive Officer as quickly as possible after joining the company in September 2019. 
We recognise that the Directors, in their roles as Directors or members of a Committee, may need to take independent professional advice to perform their duties, and this has been made available to them. 
The Board is supported by the company Secretary who has provided advice on corporate governance matters. The Board will continually review our internal corporate governance practices and external developments in corporate governance and will seek the advice of the company Secretary to support it in implementing sound and effective corporate governance practices. 
Board & Committee membership and attendance The Board planned and held 7 formal meetings during the year. The table on the following page, shows the number of scheduled meetings attended by each Director (or their appointed Alternate Director) and the maximum number of scheduled meetings which each Director could have attended. 
In addition to the scheduled meetings reflected in the table on the following page, the Board held the following ad-hoe meetings: • A meeting in May 2019 to discuss and approve Steve Fraser's appointment as Chief Executive Officer (and to endorse his remuneration package); 
• An additional meeting in June 2019 to approve revisions to the Shareholders Agreement and Consortium Agreement to which the company is a party, following the disposal by National Grid of its remaining shareholding in Quadgas HoldCo Limited; and 
• A meeting in December 2019 to discuss the RIIO-2 Business Plan. 
Several of the Board members, in particular the Committee Chairs, also devote significant time to their role outside of, and between, the scheduled Board and Committee meetings. This includes meeting with members of the management team and the company's external advisers to guide and support the work discussed at the formal meetings.


Board & Committee membership & attendance Appointment 
Committee date 
Total meetings held Sufficiently 
Independent.Directors Sir Adrian Montague CBE 24/07/2017 
Dr Catherine Bell CB Kevin Whiteman' 
Executive Directors Steve Fraser Steve Hurrell 
Shareholder Nominated Directors NickAxam2 
Jianmin Bao3 
Mark Braithwaite• Simon Fennell5 Eduard Fidle~ 
Howard Higgins Deven Karnik7 
Jaroslava Korpancova8 Mark Mathieson 
DavidXie9 
Former Directors lain Coucher10 
Michael Gregory 01/01/2018 
Membership Board 7 
Business Safety& 
Audit&Risk Committee 
6 II 1n 
08/09/2016 1111111111 1n 1111 5n 
02/09/2019 31/03/2017 
4/4 IIEI 1n 
15/05/2019 28/06/2019 31/03/2017 18/07/2019 18/07/2019 31/03/2017 31/03/2017 
28/11/2018 22/05/2017 Resignation 
date 
24/03/2020 15/05/2019 
mm 1n 0/0 
NB. any attendance of alternate Directors for main Directors has been counted in their attendance record above and is noted below. 1 Kevin Whiteman was unable to attend the meetings in May 2019 and January 2020 due to a prior commitment 
2 Prior to Nick Axam's appointment as a Shareholder Nominated Director on 15 May 2019 he was an Alternate Director (appointed since 17/05/2018) for Michael Gregory. Nick's attendance in July 2019 was by his alternate, Simon Fennell. 
3 Jianmin Bao was appointed as a Shareholder Nominated Director on 28 June 2019. He was unable to attend the meetings throughout the year due to a prior commitment His attendance was by his appointed alternate, Hua Su (appointed since 23/08/2018). 
4 Mark Braithwaite was unable to attend the Remuneration Committee meeting in May 2019 due to a prior commitment his attendance was therefore by Howard Higgins, on his behalf. 5 Prior to Simon Fennelrs appointment as a Shareholder Nominated Director on 18 July 2019 he was an Alternate Director for Nick Axam from 15 May 2019. 6 Prior to Eduard Fidler's appointment as a Shareholder Nominated Director on 18 July 2019 he was an Alternate Director for Jaroslava Korpancova from 29 November 2018. 7 Deven Karnik was unable to attend the meetings in May. July and November 2019 due to a prior commitment His attendance in July and November 2019 was by his appointed proxy. Mark Braithwaite. 
8 Jaroslava Korpancova·s attendance in July 2019 for the Board and Audit & Risk Committee meetings was by her appointed alternate, Eduard Fidler. 9 David Xie's attendance in May, July and September 2019 and in January 2020 was by his appointed alternate, Hua Su (appointed since 23/08/2018). 1 0 lain Coucher's attendance in July 2019 for Board and Committee meetings was by his appointed alternate, Perry Noble (appointed since 24/04/2017). 
Committee membership key 11 Audit & Risk Committee 
II Finance Committee II Nomination Committee II Remuneration Committee 
m 4/4 4/4 
1n 5/5 
11111111 1n 5/5 
5/5 
ma 1n 4n 
31/03/2017 1111111111 1n 1n 
1n 6/6 1n 4/4 5/6 4/4 1 /1 1 /1 6/6 1n 3/4 6/6 1n 1 /1 6/6 Finance 
Committee 7 
Nomination Committee 
4 
4/4 4/4 3/4 
6 4 Separation 
Remuneration Sustainability Compliance Committee Committee Committee 
6/6 5/6 
4/4 1 /1 Safety & Sustainability Committee 
El Business Separation Compliance Committee ■ Chair of a Committee


Director responsibilities The Board and each Director understand their accountability and responsibilities, and work with executive management to ensure that policies and practices support effective decision making to deliver long-term value. 
Agreement between shareholders of Quadgas Holdings TopCo Limited 
The company is a party to a private agreement between the shareholders ofTopCo, which governs how the shareholders manage their investment in the Quadgas Group. This includes a schedule of matters reserved to the TopCo shareholders and to the TopCo board of Directors, as well as rights in relation to the appointment and removal of Directors of the company and procedural provisions relating to the administration of meetings. The Board operated within the provisions of this agreement and seeks to ensure that its requirements are met at all times. 
Conflicts of interest 
Given the composition of the Board, with Non-Executive Shareholder Nominated Directors, we are aware that potential conflicts of interest may arise. Our Directors are conscious of their statutory duties in relation to conflicts of interest and their duty to make the Board aware of any situations which may create a conflict of interest. The Company Secretary maintains a register of Directors' interests and the Board reviews and considers any potential conflicts of interest as they arise. In January, three Directors noted a potential conflict of interest with regard to the company's insurance programme renewal, due to their positions at third party companies and it was agreed that they would not participate in the discussions or any decisions to be taken on this matter. 
Commitment 
During their employment with the company, the Executive Director(s) is/are required to gain the prior agreement of the Board before accepting and providing any services or agreeing to provide any Directorships to any other business. The Chairman and other Sufficiently Independent Directors serve under letters of appointment, where they have confirmed that they are able to devote sufficient time to meet the expectations of their roles. 
Group policies framework During the year, as part of the company's transformation programme, management undertook a holistic review of the policy framework leading to this being simplified, made more consistent across policy areas and improving alignment of policies to the 
company's risk appetite. The governance over the policy framework was also defined as part of this review, with the establishment of an executive-level Policy Committee to oversee the operation of the policy framework and to ensure policy review at the appropriate frequency and forum (including the Board for several Group policies). The company operates a guide to ethical business conduct. 'i!l.lways Doing the Right Thing" which was refreshed during the year. The company also operates a number of Group policies that reflect appropriate governance for a company of its size and standing. These include: anti-corruption and bribery; whistleblowing; data protection; social media; records management; health & safety; environmental; gifts and hospitality and HR policies and processes. The Board has also approved the Group's Tax Strategy Statement which has been published on the company's website https:// cadentgas.com/about-us/our-company/corporate-governance 
Delegations of Authority The Board has approved a matrix of Delegations of Authority that sets out which key matters (within clearly defined monetary limits), may be aulhor iS!:!d i:lt vi:lrious levels of the governance framework from those matters reserved to the investor shareholders of TopCo, to those reserved to the Board, or delegated to the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Finance Officer and sub-delegated to other members of management. 
Committees The Board has established several Committees to carry out specific duties. This allows the Board to operate more efficiently, concentrating on providing leadership and decision making for the business. We are dedicated to making sure that both the Board and its Committees are clear on their roles and are supported to ensure the Board can provide an appropriate level of focus and consideration to relevant matters. Each of our Committees has Board-approved terms of reference setting out their respective remits, and these terms of reference are kept under regular review including to reflect emerging best practice. The Board and Committee governance framework can be found on page 79. You can read about each Committee in the Committee reports that follow this section. 
Integrity of information It is important that the information provided to the Board is reliable so that we may monitor and challenge the company's performance and make well-informed decisions. See page 81 above in relation to our approach to Board information and support. The Board also engages with and obtains information directly from certain stakeholders to complement and provide independent assurances, to complement the information in the reports of management- see our Section 172 Statement on pages 53 to 57 for more information.


Financial and business reporting The Board understands its responsibility to present a fair, balanced and understandable assessment of our position and performance, business model and strategy through the production of an annual report and financial statements and the Board is satisfied that it has met this obligation. This assessment is primarily provided in the Directors' report on pages 108 to 109. The approach taken to a comment letter received from the Financial Reporting Council is set out in the Audit & Risk Committee report at page 91. The Statement of Directors' responsibilities in respect of the company's financial statements is set out on page 109. 
Internal control and assurance 
The Board, through the Audit & Risk Committee, receive assurance that the company's internal systems and controls are operating effectively and that the quality and integrity of information provided to it is reliable. The Internal Audit team are mandated to support this assurance requirement through its work. The External Auditor also provides a level of important additional assurance. The Board has delegated the responsibility for monitoring the relationship with the external auditor to the Audit & Risk Committee. Further information about how that relationship is maintained can be found in the Audit & Risk Committee report on page 94. 
Where issues are identified, these are considered by the Audit & Risk Committee and/or the Board with plans for remediation, and these plans are monitored to conclusion. 
Opportunity and risk 
Opportunity The Board has considered how the company, in fulfilling its purpose, creates and preserves value over the long-term. Our business model is set out on page 2 and the Board keeps this under periodic review. The RIIO-2 price control period has provided a point of reflection on this, as we have needed to consider how the company's operating model will support the achievement of our strategic priorities over the next six years and beyond, and the contribution that our stakeholders can make to our value creation. 
The Board closely monitors the company's participation in activities on the future role of gas in the UK's energy mix, with the overriding challenge of meeting UK Government's ambitions on net zero. Stewardship is provided by the Board to utilise opportunities to move the company in a way which will help secure long-term value. At the same time the Board remains fully cognisant of the need to balance these ambitions with the fundamental business 
requirement to ensure our infrastructure is operated and maintained safely and that our response services are as effective and efficient as possible for the benefit of our customers, all within the agreed price control framework. Our Delegations of Authority (described on page 83 above) set authority limits on significant capital and operational expenditure. 
Risk The Board has responsibility for the company's overall approach to strategic decision-making and effective risk management (financial and non-financial), including reputational risk. The Board assigns its responsibility for ensuring that risk management and internal control systems are effective across the business, to the Audit & Risk Committee. The Committee annually reviews the risk appetite and profile, risk process and regular compliance reports. This includes compliance with our licence conditions which is recognised as a principal risk and reviewed as part of the routine compliance process. The Audit & Risk Committee also receives regular reports on specific and emerging risks that are identified through the operation of the risk management system and how these are being managed. To read more about our risk management model and our principal risks and uncertainties, please read the Financial review and risk management section of the Strategic report on pages 58 to 69. 
Responsibilities The Board, supported by the Audit & Risk Committee, maintains oversight over the company's internal control framework and is supportive of management's ongoing plans to strengthen this and provide a greater level of sophistication to the framework. As stated above, regular reports are provided to enable the Audi~ & Risk Committee and Board to gain an understanding of the principal and emerging risks and to make robust decisions. The Board's role with regard to risk management is described in the previous section headed 'Risk' above. 
Remuneration 
A separate Directors' remuneration report is set out on pages 98 to 1 07 and provides details of the remuneration policy, level and components of remuneration and procedure for fixing the individual remuneration packages of Executive Directors and members of the Executive Committee. The Board has established a Remuneration Committee to support its decisions with regard to remuneration, and you can read about the work of the Committee in the Remuneration Committee report on pages 96 to 97.


Stakeholder relationships and engagement 
The Board is committed to stakeholder engagement and the Directors take their responsibilities and duty to them under section 172 of the Companies Act 2006 seriously. 
For the purposes of the requirements of The Companies (Miscellaneous Reporting) Regulations 2018, the Board considers that engagement with employees and having regard to employee interests, as well as the need to foster the company's business relationships with suppliers, customers and others, and the effect of that on the Board's decision making, are matters of strategic importance. You can read more about the Board's approach to stakeholder engagement in our Section 172 Statement in the Strategic report on pages 53 to 57. 
Formal arrangements are in place to ensure that shareholders are sent material information. Our shareholders share the same agreed purpose of develop in!=! the business in line with the Business Plan. Having this common objective means that the Board and our shareholders are aligned in the commitment to having strong and effective governance of the business to deliver the Business Plan. Certain shareholder reserved matters are set out within an agreement between the shareholders of TopCo and this provides clarity on key decisions and actions on which we are required to have direct engagement with shareholders. 
The company established a Customer Engagement Group to give consumers a stronger voice in the price control settlement process and the day-to-day business of the networks, to improve the quality of the Business Plan and to support Ofgem's assessment of the Business Plan. More information about the company's stakeholder engagement activities with regard to the RIIO-2 process is set out in that business plan which is published on the company's website www.cadentgas.com
