STATEMENT OF CORPORATE GOVERNANCE ARRANGEMENTS For the year en·ded 31. December 2019, under The Companies (Miscellaneous Reporting) Regulations 2018, the Company has adopted the Wates Corporate Governance Principals for Large Private Companies (published by the Financial Reporting Council (FRC) in December 2018 and available on the FRC website).
These new corporate governance reporting requirements apply to a Company reporting for financial years starting on or· after 1 January 2019 and companies are able to adopt the Wates· Principals as an appropriate framework when making disclosure regarding . corporate governance arrangements. we· set out below how the Principals have been applied throughout the year and our plans .for continuing to· strengthen our approach to corporate_ governance _going forward. Principle 1 - Purpose and Leadership 
Capital Arches Group Limited (''The Company") is a joint venture between C Abi-Gerges and McDonald's Restaurants Limited ("McDonald's"). 51 % of· the Company is owned by McDonald's, with· an ultimate US ·parent of McD·onald's· Corporation. The remaining 49% is owned by Claude Abi-Gerges and his wife S Abi-Gerges. The Company operates a group of franchised McDonald's restaurants in Central London. 

We opened our first central London restaurant in 2016 ·and since then we have grown to 32 restaurants, operating under the leadership of our Managing Director, C Abi-Gerges. 

As a McDonald's franchisee we oper~te based on. McDonald's philosophy of being consistent in ·all that we do, providing · great service and high quality food to our customers. 
Principle 2 - Board Composition. 
Senior management- at McDonald's and the Managing Director are appointed to the Board. This ensures. the Board is equipped with the appropriate balance of skills; experience and knowledge of the Company to enable it to discharge its· duties and responsibilities effectivery. Input from McDonald's is also provided on Directors' appointments on an ad hoe basis. 
Two of the Company's Directors also hold senior positions in McDonald.'s and are acutely aware of the potential for conflicts of interest. All board directors of the Company from McDonald's are provided with con.flicts of -interest training as well as directors duties training on a regular basis in order to mitigate any.conflict_ 
A structured training programme exists based on the individual's needs, skills and experience for those Directors new to the Company and senior leadership who are appointed to the Board. Directors also· receive g·uidance on Governance Fra·mework and Wates Principles, including training and development, as well as their duties as Directors on the Board.  
Principle 3 - Director Responsibilities 
The Board is collectively responsible for the long-term success of the Company and achieves this through its oversight of the business and restaurants, generating value for its shareholders and its stakeholders as well as contributing to .our .wider communities. 

In exercising its duty to promote the success of the Company, the Board is responsible for oversee.ing the management of the Cor:npany and, in• so doing, may exercise its powers, subject to any relevant laws, regulations and the Company's Articles of Association. The Board bears legal responsibility for the acts carried ·out on its behalf and enforces standards of accountability. - all with a view to enable senior management to execute their responsibilities fully and in the interests of its stakeholders. 
Matters not specifically reserved· for the Board have been delegated to the Manag·ing. Director for the day_-to-day management of ttie business. The Managing Director will also lead on the direction of the busines,s as determined· by the Board and certain matters relating to third party agreements, financing, litigation, amongst others, require Board approval. 
In performing its oversight function, the Board is _entitled to rely on the advice, reports and opin.ions of management, counsel, auditor~ and outside experts. 
Principle 4 - Opportunity and Risk 
At Capital Arches Group we seek to maintain our high standards set by McDonald's whilst balancing the risks. By carefully aligning our risk appetite to McDonald's strategy, we aim to deliver sustainable long-i:erm shareholder returns for McDonald's and Claude Abi-Gerges. An example of this would be how we have proactively invested in the technology in our restaurants, in which the associated risks are assessed in proportion to the investment, to improve bo,th the customers experience as well.

All of the Company's activities involve the measurement, evaluation, acceptance and management of risk or combinations of. risks. 
All employees are responsible. for the management of risk, proportionate to the relevant employee's role and level of experience, with the ultimate accountability residing with the Board. We have a strong risk cult.ure, which is embedded through clear and consistent communication and appropriate training for all employees. This risk framework underpins .our strategic priorities, reinforced by the Company Values, helping us to identify current and future risks so that we niay take decisions to prevent and limit risk while managing any material impact on our finances, reputation or business model. 
The Board receives bi-annual reports.from management on updates from all areas· of the bus(ness including business strategy and insights, operations, IT & digital and finance, which it takes into account in its discussions and decision making. Additional non-financial disclosu·res detailing the policies pursued by the Company in relation to the workforce, the . environment, social matters, human rights, anti-corruption _and anti-bribery matters are als·o received by the Board. 
The Company's senior leadership also convene an Annual Planning Meeting to discuss the activities of the Company as well as discuss the business.plan for- the upcoming year. This may include visiting Company restaurants as part of this meeting. 
The Board receive updates from McDonald's on their decision making as well as· updates and approaches in relation to hov,; McDonald's deals With different policies and financial disclosure. 

The Board determine those areas of the business that require formal annual sign-off, .including: 
- financial controls and reporting - an annual financial audit of the business is conducted - food hygiene, health and safety - annual audits are completed and published annually - insurance cover an update on the parameters of the insurance schedule (including claims updates) is completed annually and reviews of premiums for the following year are completed - compliance with employment practices - our Managing Director presents the results of an HR audit on an annual basis T
The Strategic Report on page 3 includes the key risks for the Company. 
Principle 5 - .. Remuneration 
All employees' base and bonus remuneration is benchmarked regularly ·against the mark.et to ensure this is consistent with the industry and no Directors are involved i.n deciding their own remuneration .. Directors are not compensated for their services as Directors. For the McDonald's appointee directors this role is considered to be incidental to their main employment roles within the McDonald ls business. C Abi 0 
Gerges and S · Abi-Gerges are the owners and directors of a management services company which receive·s a management fee calculated in line with the joint venture agreement. 

Principle 6 - Stakeholders . 
Our communications.approach,· influenced by McDonald's, ·is driveri by our guiding principles· embedded·our values: " Dependable and committed to doing the right thing;" - Open to different ideas and cultures; and - Connected to cu·stomers, suppliers, communities, regulators and each other. 
We aim to com·municate with all .parties in a· way that meets their needs. We focus on open communication and fair disclosure, with emphasis on .the integrity, timeliness and relevance of the information provided. 
Our success comes from commitment to relationships .. A deep-rooted belief that we are at our very best when we work together. with our suppliers to deliver for the customers and communities we serve. 
How we engage with our stakeholders is detailed in The. Strategic Report on page 5.
