Statement of Corporate Governance Arrangements 
For the year ended 31 December 2019, the Company has adopted the Wates Corporate Governance Principles (“Wates Principles”). The following considers how the Wates Principles were applied by the Company throughout 2019. 
Principle 1 - Purpose and Leadership 
The Company’s purpose, values and culture are codified into the engaging Imperatives and mission (to “Change Banking For Good”), which is championed by the Board and regularly communicated to Associates through business updates and other mediums. The Board has high expectations for a purpose led customer-focused culture throughout the business, which is considered central to the Company’s success. This is encouraged and monitored through various means outlined within the Company’s ‘Section 172(1) Statement’. Company strategy is analysed and reviewed by the Board and wider business to set the Company up to achieve long-term sustainable value. 
Principle 2 - Board Composition 


The Company’s Board members represent diverse skills and knowledge, and are from various backgrounds and experiences. The Company prides itself on the gender representation across its Board, including having a female Chair/CEO. Each Board member is also employed as a member of the senior leadership team of the business, and therefore has detailed, practical awareness of the way the business operates. The size and structure of the Board is consistently under review, in order to promote the success of the business in the most efficient way possible, such as regular board effectiveness reviews. 
Principle 3 - Director Responsibilities 
The Company maintains key governance policies and procedures to provide clarity and reliability in the management of the business. Policies are clearly documented and user friendly, supporting management and decision making processes. The Company has various committees to assist with effective governance, whilst ensuring the Board and the Assurance and Risk Committee (“ARC”) maintain overall responsibility for challenge and oversight of decision-making. Robust systems and 
controls are in place to maintain integrity of information relied upon for the successful operation of the business. 
Principle 4 - Opportunity and Risk
Long term opportunity of the Company is recognised within the Company’s annual strategy which is reviewed and approved by the Board each year. Short term and long term opportunities to improve customer management, performance and resilience are discussed regularly at quarterly board meetings and at other management forums. 
Future opportunity is balanced against the business’ risk appetite, which is constantly monitored and managed through controls and effective decision making. Risk management is delegated by the Board to ARC, consisting of all Board members and key risk experts (from all three lines of defence) with documented communication channels and risk management procedures. The Company’s Strategic Report considers key risk categories which are monitored by ARC. 
Principle 5 - Remuneration 
The Company regularly reviews its remuneration structure across all levels of the business, to ensure that it is fair and appropriate, and will attract the best talent into the Company. Pay of each Associate, including Board members, is subject to performance management processes, taking Associate achievement and behaviours into account on decisions regarding discretionary pay increases, bonuses and progression. Performance management processes are transparent and fair, and are in turn subject to thorough monitoring to ensure appropriate application. Remuneration for all Associates is managed via Group policy which is appropriately reviewed and updated. 
Principle 6 - Stakeholder Relationships and Engagements 
The Group third party management policy allows successful management of relationships with external suppliers that are integral to the operation of the Company. With regard to regulatory and policy stakeholders, the Company employs experts in this area in the External Affairs, Compliance and Legal teams, who prioritise awareness of the regulatory landscape and management of relevant relationships. 
The Company’s Corporate Responsibility team, with oversight from senior management and the Board, maintain awareness of the external impact of the business. The Company’s Green Team, focusing on sustainability and climate change, assists with shaping related decision making across the business. With regard to workforce engagement, the Company has open channels of communication with Associates in order to take their views into account when making decisions.
For more information regarding the Company’s stakeholder relationships, see the “Section 172(1) Statement” within the Strategic Report.