2. CGML Corporate Governance Report and Principal Risks 
For the year ended 3 I December 2019, under The Companies (Miscellaneous Reporting) Regulations 2018, the Company has applied the Wates Corporate Governance Principles for Large Private Companies (published by the Financial Reporting Council (FRC) in December 2018 and available on the FRC website). 
The chart below highlights the main components of CGML's governance structure, within Citi's regional and UK management and governance framework during 2019:

Principle 1 - Purpose and Leadership Purpose 
CGML 's purpose, in line with that of Citi, is to serve as a trusted partner to its clients by responsibly providing financial services that enable growth and economic progress. CGML's core activities are being a dealer, market maker and underwriter and providing advisory services. Whilst carrying out these activities, it ensures that actions are always in its clients' interests, create economic value and are systemically responsible. 
Strategy 
CGML's purpose was formalised in 2018, under the direction of the Board of Directors (the Board), with the adoption of an annual Strategy Day. The Strategy Day looks at the year ahead and drives the Board agenda setting. The Strategy Day is a good example of ensuring good dialogue with the CGML workforce and wider stakeholders. The key strategic priorities for CGML for the year ended 31 December 2019 were as follows: 
• Be the best for our clients • 
• • • 
Drive year on year organic growth 
Improve infrastructure to drive resilience, efficiency and better client experience Attract, retain and develop talent 
Effective engagement and high standards of regulatory compliance • Make strong governance the cornerstone of our success 
The CGML Strategic Plan was put together following the Strategy Day and is used to clearly articulate the CGML strategic priorities internally and is used as an implementation plan for the Board. 
Values and Culture 
The Board and their senior management are instrumental in shaping good culture and conduct for the Company. Citi's Global Leadership Standards and Code of Conduct have been designed and embedded throughout the employee lifecycle to ensure that the best outcomes are achieved for all its stakeholders. CGML measures its 'cultural health' and conduct at management meetings and uses a range of measures to help adjust and improve itself. 
Diversity and Inclusion are recognised as part of CGML's core values. CGML fosters a culture where the best people are recruited, where people are promoted on their merits, where respect for others is demanded and valued and where opportunities to develop are widely available to all. CGML maintains a workplace with different backgrounds, perspectives and ideas and provides employees with a wide range of experiences and skills to develop to their full potential. Citi's Code of Conduct prohihits discrimination and h_arassment. 
For further details please see the Mission and Strategy section on page 12. Principle 2 - Board Composition The details of each member of the Board can be found in the Directors' Report on page 21. Chair 
CGML has a separate Chairman and Chief Executive to ensure that the balance of responsibilities, accountabilities and decision making across CGML are effectively maintained.


Size and Structure 
The Board consists of four Executive Directors and four Independent Non-Executive Directors. The Executive Directors are: 
• CGML Chief Executive Officer (CEO) and Citi Country Officer (CCO) for the UK • EMEA Chief Financial Officer (CFO) • EMEA Head of Markets and Securities Services (MSS) • 
Global Regulatory Inventory Mapping Head This size and composition is appropriate for the complexity of CGML. 
The Independent Non-Executive Directors bring experience in risk, finance and audit, in addition to perspectives and challenge from their roles within the industry and also outside the sectors in which CGML operates. All Directors have access to the advice and services of the Company Secretary and may, if they wish, take professional advice at the Company's expense. The duties of the Board are executed partially through committees. The Independent Non-Executive Directors attend and act as chair to relevant committees (as noted on page 7) so that they are able to challenge and influence a broad range of areas affecting CGML. 
The Board is comprised of and supported by UK Senior Managers (as defined under the Senior Manager Certification Regime (SMCR)) including the relevant EMEA and UK business heads together with the regional and country heads of Risk, Finance, Operations & Technology, Legal, Compliance and Human Resources. The Independent Non-Executive Directors are all Senior Managers and they are subject to all aspects of the regime, including regulatory pre-approval, conduct rules and the statutory duty of responsibility. 
The SMCR focuses on a small number of individuals (Senior Managers) who hold key roles or have overall responsibility for whole areas of relevant UK entities and branches. Senior Managers require regulatory preapproval to perform a Senior Management Function (SMF). The SMCR requires Senior Managers to take reasonable steps to avoid a breach occurring or continuing. As part of the Individual Accountability Regime (of which the SMCR is a part), CGML maintains a Management Responsibilities Map which documents the firm's governance arrangements. 
Balance and diversity 
We acknowledge that there is a relative lack of diversity on the Board and recognise that this is a challenge across the financial services industry. Citi is committed to making the Company an ever-more inclusive environment, thereby fostering a more diverse workforce which should increase diversity at the most senior levels. We will be demonstrating our commitment to this area with various initiatives to focus on increasing the representation of women and ensuring CGML is an employer of choice. 
Effectiveness 
The Board and Committees operate on a quarterly meeting cycle every year together with two additional days for a Board Offsite and Strategy Day. In addition to the quarterly meetings, the Board has an annual programme of 3040 tutorials comprising in-depth analyses and education sessions on a variety of topics. 
The Board ensures it has the relevant knowledge and skills to fulfil its responsibilities and keep pace with growth and innovation. The Board undertook a skills assessment exercise in 2019 and has used the resulting gap analysis to inform its continuing education programme for 2020. 
The Board has previously undertaken self-assessment exercises to determine its effectiveness via reviews facilitated by the Human Resources and the Company Secretarial departments in 2016 and 2018 and has scheduled an independent review for mid-2020. The Board considers these exercises important in order to identify key areas for future improvements.


Principle 3 - Director Responsibilities Accountability 
As a large private company CGML adheres to and seeks to exceed the corporate governance standards expected from a regulated firm of its size and structure. It recognises that success is measured in large part by its ability to deliver a progressive governance model that is both adaptive to the pace of change and robust enough to withstand the challenges it faces. The governance model also reflects the need to demonstrate influence and oversight of areas where the Board relies on other parts of the group to achieve the outcomes needed to deliver its own strategies. It requires the senior executives ofCGML to design and operate an effective governance environment coupled with a strong culture of risk management to support good decision-making. 
To maintain a progressive and leading governance culture the Board will grow and develop alongside the business it governs. As outlined in Principle 2, the Board supports a periodic self-review that will benchmark and evaluate its performance and relevant skills, and assess its suitability to fulfil its duties towards its shareholder and key stakeholders. The Board expects executive management to undertake independent reviews for themselves, similarly designed to progress the governance processes and to support and enhance this strategy. 
Committees 
The Board delegates authority for day-to-day management of the Company to the UK Executive Committee which meets monthly. It is chaired by the EMEA Chief Executive and membership includes the UK Senior Managers. 
The Independent Non-Executive Directors are wholly independent and have no material business or other relationships. with the Company that might influence their independence or judgement. Certain governance responsibilities are delegated to other Board committees: Audit, Remuneration, Nomination and Risk. Each of these Board committees has a separate terms of reference, which include the authorities delegated to them by the Board. 
Integrity of Information 
The Board receives regular and timely information (at least monthly via calls with the CEO) on all key aspects of the business including its financial performance, market conditions, Citi Global and EMEA developments and regulator priorities. CGML 's finance function ensures the integrity of this information and is provided with the necessary training to keep up to date with regulatory changes. Financial information is subject to an external audit by KPMG LLP on an annual basis, and financial controls are periodically reviewed by CGML's internal audit function. Other key information is prepared by the relevant internal function. 
Principle 4 - Opportunity and Risk Opportunity 
Long term strategic opportunities are highlighted in the CGML Strategic Plan process which is presented to the Board every year. Risk 
CGML's principal risks arise from the nature of the services provided to its clients and include both financial and non-financial elements. The principal risks identified by management and covered by CGML's risk management framework are noted as follows, and are described in more detail in Note 29 'Financial instruments and risk management': • • • • • • • 
reputational, strategic and franchise risk; market risk; liquidity risk; credit risk; 
operational risk; country risk; and pension risk.


The Risk Committee ensures that the principal risks and emerging risks are identified and managed appropriately and in a timely manner. The Committee meets six times a year and updates the risk register for any changes in underlying conditions. The Committee continues to refine and enhance the Company's risk management framework and risk registers and works to ensure consistency across operations. The Risk Committee reports to the Board on a quarterly basis. 
Responsibilities 
The Board and the Risk Committee are responsible for ensuring that senior management consider the external factors and dependencies on group-wide initiatives that may impact CGML's strategic opportunities. Because CGML's most valuable resource is its staff, it closely monitors the impact of its strategy on the capability and resource availability of its talent pool. Risks are managed and mitigation plans designed and executed using CGML's detailed Risk Management Framework. The key external factors that the Board monitors are as follows: 
• • 
Geopolitical and economic factors that impact growth opportunities and financial returns. CGML has taken steps to minimise client and market disruption that may arise as a result of the UK's decision to leave the European Union; 
Rapid technological development that presents opportunities to improve client service but also creates the potential for industry wide change and exposes CGML to high impact risk (Cyber, IT resilience, Data Management). Operations & Technology have a critical role to enable CGML both to enhance offerings and to protect against negative disruption and to manage a significant pace of change; and 
• The regulatory environment, which requires a strong compliance function to have oversight and collaboration with the first line and is capable of managing multiple priorities across a range of regulatory initiatives, including the timely completion ofremediation and targeted improvements; addressing LIBOR transition; the finalisation of Basel 111, Operational resilience & outsourcing and Climate risk, amongst others. 
Principle 5 - Remuneration 
The Remuneration Committee aims to set remuneration at a level that will enable it to secure and retain senior executives who can deliver the Company's strategy. 
The Remuneration Committee is responsible for making recommendations to the Board concerning the Company's remuneration strategy, recruitment framework and long-tenn incentive plans for senior executives. Pay is aligned with performance and taking in to ac.count fair pay and conditions across the Company's workforce. 
The Company has reported its Gender Pay Reporting in 2017 and 2018. These Reports have highlighted areas which the Company can improve on and the Company is continuing to take steps to reduce the gender pay gap. Citi have signed the UK's Women in Finance Charter, aiming to achieve at least 30% female representation among our directors and managing directors throughout EMEA by 2025, as of the date of the 2018 Report, Citi are now at 21 %, up from I 9% in 2017. As at the date of the 2018 Report, women led 29% of our countries in EMEA, up from 15% in 2014. 
In fulfilling its role the Remuneration Committee has regard to the responsibilities set out under the PRA and FCA Remuneration Codes and takes into account, where applicable, relevant guidance and the long-term interests of shareholders, investors and other stakeholders in CGML. 
Principle 6 - Stakeholders 
As set out above in Principle 3, the Board is clear that progressive governance is essential to deliver its purpose and to protect CGML and Citi's reputation and relationships with all its stakeholder community including shareholders, clients, employees, suppliers and the local communities in which it works. 
Details of our key stakeholders and our engagement with them are set out in our Section I 72 Statement on page 9 and.are incmporated into this statement. 
As at 31 December 20 I 9 Citi had 3 7 approved Senior Managers, of whom 4 were CGML non-executive directors.


Section 172(1) Statement 
Section 172( I) of the Companies Act 2006 requires each director of the Company to act in a way in which he/she considers, in good faith, would be most likely to promote the success of the Company for the benefit of its members as a whole, and in doing so have regard to a range of matters including: 
• • • • • • 
the likely consequences of any decision in the long-term; the interests of the Company's employees; 
the need to foster the Company's business relationships with suppliers, customers and others; the impact of the Company's operations on the community and the environment; 
the desirability of the Company maintaining a reputation for high standards of business conduct; and the need to act fairly as between the Company's members. 
The directors of the Company give careful consideration to the matters referred to in section 172(1) when discharging their legal duties. The Board believes in taking decisions for the long-term benefit of the Company and looks to safeguard the Company's reputation by upholding the highest standards of business conduct. Depending on the issue in question, the relevance of each stakeholder group and other relevant factors may vary. As such, the Board strives to understand the needs and priorities of each stakeholder group and the other factors relevant to the issue in question during its deliberations and as part of its decision-making. 
Board members receive periodic refresher training on their legal duties and may seek advice about the implications of these duties at any time from our Company Secretary. New directors are offered a comprehensive induction programme which includes training on their statutory duties. 
For further details of how the Board operates and the way in which it makes decisions, please see the corporate governance statement on pages 4 to I I . 
. To ensure the most efficient and effective approach, stakeholder engagement is led by Citigroup, in particular where matters are of group-wide significance or have an impact on Citigroup's reputation including our clients, shareholder, staff and global regulators. 
The CGML Board considers and discusses information from across the organisation to help it understand the impact on CGML's operations and the interests and views of its key stakeholders. The Board also reviews strategy and financial performance as well as operational and financial risks and Regulator priorities. The Board receives this information in advance of each quarterly meeting, during monthly calls with the CGML Chief Executive Officer and by holding an annual Strategy Day. 
Using all of the above actions, the Board has an overview of engagement with stakeholders which enables the Directors to comply with their legal duty under section 172 of the Companies Act 2006.


Key stakeholder engagement Clients 
The CGML Board receives regular reporting of client performance and themes, allowing an understanding and oversight of the direction of client sentiment. Citi performs a Voice of the Client survey which provides in-depth understanding of our clients' needs and expectations, alongside regular client performance and service benchmarking, leveraging external reporting and analysis where appropriate. The businesses within CGML operate a globally coordinated client-centric sales organisation focussed on generating profitable growth and building market share with the most important organisations across the globe. 
Employees 
CGML recognises the central role of a clear purpose and strong ethical culture in delivering the best results for our stakeholders. CGML places great value on the contributions of its employees and seeks to promote their involvement in the business wherever possible. It has continued its previous practice of keeping employees informed by written communications and meetings on matters affecting them as employees and on the various factors affecting the performance ofCGML and ofCiti as a group. Employees are encouraged to present their suggestions and views to CGML through various channels including an employee representative body, the Voice of the Employee survey, the results of which are presented to the Board each year by Human Resources. The Board has requested and received presentations on areas such as Employee Resilience and Mental Health in response to identified areas of focus. 
Suppliers 
CGML works to maintain fair, resilient and professional working relationships with its suppliers. CGML has a wellestablished framework for the engagement with and on-going relationship management of its key suppliers, ensuring shared values in the conduct of their business. The Modem Slavery Act 201 S ("the Act") obliges the CGML Board to make an annual statement on the steps taken to ensure that its operations and supply chains are free of human trafficking and modem slavery. CGML has made four statements of this nature since the Act came into force. The Board reviews the due diligence which underpins the statement each year and is kept informed of any improvements made by Citi to ensure there are no blind spots. 
Regulators 
CGML maintains an open and regular engagement with the regulators to ensure clarity and transparency over its strategy and plan, key risks and opportunities, and progress on ongoing initiatives. Regulatory engagement is maintained both at the Board as well as the Executive Management level to ensure regulatory expectations are consistently understood and met. Primary regulatory engagement for CGML is with the PRA/ Bank of England and FCA supervisory teams and senior management. Further, CGML is providing ongoing updates to the Regulators on impact of COVID- I 9 on its financials, liquidity, risk measures and operational/technology capabilities. 
Communities 
CGML is committed to enabling growth and progress in the communities where we operate. CGML is in regular dialogue with charities and NGOs, as part of its philanthropic commitment to communities. CGML works closely with community partners to understand the issues local communities are facing so that it can respond appropriately by providing funding, volunteers or other support as required. Specifically CGML has a focus on supporting disadvantaged young people into employment whether they are refugees, young people affected by youth violence or young people with disabilities. The CGML workforce dedicate time through the Citi Foundation, the annual Global Community Day and the UK Charity of the Year, which in 2018/19 Citi raised over£ 15m for the Place2Be charity. Engagement with local communities allows CGML to better understand the needs and requirements of society enabling it to innovate for the future. 
Environment 
CGML recognises the importance of its environmental responsibilities, monitors its impact on the environment, and designs and implements policies to reduce any damage that might be caused by its activities. Initiatives designed to


minimise CGML's impact on the environment include safe disposal of waste, recycling and reducing energy consumption. The Board has been actively engaged regarding the CGML response to the Prudential Regulation Authority regarding Climate Change Supervisory Statement 3/19 on managing the risks from climate change, CGML has submitted an initial plan which describes the entity's approach to strengthening governance, embedding climate change into risk management frameworks, conducting scenario analysis and stress testing, and enhancing disclosures for climate change-related risks. 
Government and Policymakers 
CGML engages regularly with a wide range of external stakeholders including policymakers, media, clients and NGOs. As part ofCiti, CGML follows Citigroup's approach that responsible corporate citizenship includes holding an ongoing dialogue with its stakeholders, and contributing towards the public policy environment that CGML <;>perates within. 
CGML engages with policymakers both directly and as part of industry efforts, as a member ofa number of financial services trade associations. As part of Citigroup, CGML complies with all relevant transparency requirements, at both the European Union and various individual country level. Details of Citi's entry in the EU's Transparency Register can be found at: 
https://ec.europa.eu/transparencyregi ster/publ ic/consu ltation/d isplay lobby ist.do?id=0035 3 7 5 7 5 7 3-5 7. 
CGML takes its responsibilities as a corporate citizen very seriously, using its corporate voice to take a stand on issues that matter to its employees. These range from a continued commitment to the Paris Agreement, to support of immigrants from around the world in the workforce and in our communities, to the importance of pay equity. Part of meeting these commitments requires communicating actively with a wide range of stakeholders to inform them of what CGML is doing and engaging in dialogue to understand what more can be done. CGML is committed to increasing the transparency of its efforts on these issues, and supplements its annual citizenship reporting with articles, reports, surveys, and other relevant perspectives throughout the year. · 
Decision making in action 
The Board's approach to stakeholder engagement was illustrated during the UK's decision to leave the EU. The Board received regular updates from the working group set up within the firm to project manage its Brexit planning and was involved at every stage of CGML's purchase of Citigroup Global Markets Europe AG (CGME) and its establishment as a new broker-dealer in Frankfurt. The Board provided challenge and oversight during all phases of financial and legal due diligence, valuation, contract review leading up to final approval which enabled a strategy to allow CGML to continue serving its clients throughout the EEA with minimal disruption.
