Corporate Governance Statement 
The Company has elected to report its corporate governance measures against the Wates Principles (Wates'). In early 2019, the Company commissioned a third party to undertake a review of its existing corporate governance mechanisms in light of Wates (the 'Review'). The Review indicated that the Company's corporate governance measures were generally in line with Wates, having not materially been adjusted since the Company's dellsting. The Company has also addressed certain action points stemming from the Review over the course of 2019, as set out herein. References to the Company are to Coit Group Holdings Limited; references to Colt are to the Colt group of companies, of which the Company is the holding company; references to the Board are to the board of directors of the Company; references to Core are to the part of the business delivering network and voice services; and references to DCS are to part of the business delivering data centre services. 
Wates, Principle 1 
Colt's purpose is to invest and expand its connectivity across the globe, and lo be a leading customer-focused business within the industry. Two focal points in this regard have been the ongoing investment into network and data centre expansions, and significant internal transformation programmes aimed at creating a more seamless experience for customers (the lattermost having resulted in material improvements to Colt's NPS scores, putting Coll well-ahead of industry averages). 
Colt's purpose is induded in its communication strategy with both customers and suppliers inter alia during bids, negotiations and at roadshows. Internally, Colt's purpose is cascaded from the top, and updates about how the Colt is achieving its purpose are provided to the workforce during Colt-wide and functional all-hands meetings, by members of the executive management team and their direct reports. In Q4 2019, in response to feedback from the workforce, the Group's HR function launched a revised visions, values and strategy matrix ('WS'), with a view to ensuring the entire workforce is clear of what is required of everyone individually and as part of business as a whole, In order for the Group to achieve its purpose. The WS Is set out as follows (i) Customer First (we put the customer al the centre of everything we do); (ii) Accountability (we are responsible to deliver to our commitments); (iii) Transformational (we embrace the need for Colt to change the way we do things in order to grow); and (iv) Outcome focused (we focus on the end result we want to achieve at Colt, while engaging others to do so). In 01 2020, Colt's management is working with their teams to ensure that the WS is embedded in the goals and KPls for the year, at individual- and team-/function-level. 
The Company strives to ensure a consistent culture of ethical behaviour across Colt. to ensure the entire workforce has a good "compliance radar". Colt's Code of Conduct ('CoC') is available on www.colt.net/1ega1. and covers a wide range of matters. Together with mandatory Colt-wide annual a-learning, the employees of certain functions receive classroom training from a third party, and the Corporate Compliance Committee ('CCC') initiates a minimum of one activity per month to raise awareness about ethical behaviour. In 2019, the CoC e-leaming module underwent a complete revamp, Including more examples of "borderline• behaviour, to further refine the wor1<force's "compliance radar". 
The CoC also includes Information about whistleblowing either to CCC or through the independent whistleblowing hotline, which passes reports to the CCC for review and further action. The AuditCo (please see Wates, Principle 2) is presented with a quarterly update about reports received (in)directly by the CCC, and an overview of actions taken. The report to the AuditCo is anonymised (both whistleblowers and action owners), with the aim of removing any bias, should the AuditCo wish to challenge the action taken by the CCC/action owners within Coll The content of the Code of Conduct is monitored by the CCC, and updated from lime to time, either pursuant to statutory changes or to feedback that additional clarity is required: any material updates to the Code of Conduct require approval from the AuditCo. 
Wates, Principle 2 
The Board has five scheduled meetings per year and is referred to as the 'Core Board', as it considers all matters related to Core and any Matters Reserved (further information in Wates, Principle 4). The Core Board comprises executive and non-executive directors, who represent the interests of Colt's shareholders. 
The Core Board has three subcommittees: (i) the OCS subcommittee, named the 'DCS Board'; (ii) the Audit Committee (the 'AuditCo'); and (iii) the Remuneration Committee (the 'RemCo'). The DCS Board has full delegation from the Core Board to make decisions in respect of OCS , and comprises directors as well as senior management from the DCS function. As the composition of the AuditCo and the RemCo does not include any executive directors. A one- or two-day induction Is provided to all new Company directors. 
The AuditCo's remit Is to monitor the integrity of the Company's financial statements; approve Internal Audit's annual audit plan and review and monitor Internal Audit's effectiveness; and monitor and assess internal controls and risk management {such as the company's actions in response to whistleblowlng reports: see Wates, Principle 1). The AuditCo is required to report its findings and recommendations to the Core Board. The RemCo's remit is set out in Wates, Principle 5.


Wates, Principle 2 (continued) 
With eight directors on the Core and DCS Boards, the Company is able to accommodate its need to operate as a large private limited company. The Company's approach to diversity is reflected in the Board's composition. where there is a range of experience, bringing about a balanced and effective board for Colt's purpose. Biographies of Core Board, DCS Board, AuditCo and Rem Co members can be found at https://www.colt net/leadership/. 
In 2019, consistent with previous years, the Core and DCS Boards have been updated by management on the focal points referenced in Wates, Principle 1. As the Core and DCS expansion projects are, by their nature, medium- or long-term projects, the Core and DCS Boards were updated on progress and - in some cases - to approve the next tranche of investment to give effect to these projects. It follows that neither the Core Board nor the DCS Board were called upon to consider any Principal Decisions (see Wates. Principle 6) in 2019. 
Wates Principle 3 
As set out in Wates, Principle 2, the Core Board has the general oversight and decision-making power for Core and for Colt as a whole (as set out In the Matters Reserved for the Board policy ('Matters Reserved'). The Matters Reserved include matters ordinarily requiring either board or shareholder consent, as well as material projects affecting Colt as a whole, e.g. divestment of part of the business. In 2019, the Matters Reserved was amended to clearly Identify 'Principal Decisions' (see Wates, Principle 6). The AudilCo considered management's proposal about which of the matters reserved where of such materiality to be considered 'principal' for both Core and DCS Boards, before putting their recommendation for approval to the Board. The DCS Board has decision-making power for DCS. 
Colt's day-to-day running has been delegated by the Board to the Executive Leadership Team ('EL r) in respect of Core and the DCS Senior Management Team ('DCS SMr) In respect of DCS. The Colt Authorities Matrix ('CAM') is a key internal policy doct1ment, which sets out not only the Board's delegation to the EL T and DCS SMT, but also the sub-delegations to VP and manager level. Both the CAM and Matters Reserved are well-established policies within Colt, and subject to regular review. 
In order to facilitate the discharge of their duties, the Core and OCS Board members receive regular updates from the EL T and DCS SMT members respectively. both about the performance of their individual functions, as well as progress against certain projects and matters approved by the Core/DCS Board. The Core and DCS Boards are also kept abreast of forthcoming requests for approval, both during scheduled board meetings, and individual scheduled meetings with members of management. In 2019, further to the Review, members of the Core Board, DCS Board, AuditCo and RemCo were provided with refresher training, focused on the factors 
. listed in section 172( 1 )(a)-(f) of the Companies Act 2006. Wates Principle 4 Opportunity 
As set out in Wates, Principle 2, the Core and OCS Boards have not been requested to consider proposals for changes to the Company's strategy, or material new projects. Accordingly, in 2019, the Core and DCS Boards, together with the AuditCo, have focused on considering any risks related to Core and DCS expansion projects: both the progress of mitigation actions, as well as any new risks identified by management. 
The EL T and DCS SMT have periodically provided information to the Core and DCS Boards respectively about short- and long-term opportunities for growth, expansion and acquisition over the course of 2019, however the Core and DCS Board decided to focus on existing projects, rather than investing in further projects. Although the Board has historically also advised the EL T and OCS SMT of any such matters, which they would like Colt to investigate ahead of presenting a proposal to the Board for its consideration, such a request was not made in 2019. 
Risk 
Together with the AuditCo oversight and the CAM, Colt has a range of internal commercial, financial and legal policies to manage risk, as well as a sales governance process within each of Core and DCS. As referenced in Wates, Principle 2, the annual audit plan for Internal Audit includes a mix of: (i) matters to be annually or biennially audited (such as anti-bribery measures); (ii) matters being audited over a certain number of years (such as a 'country audit' for every Colt location, spread over a number of years, in light of the number of Colt locations): and (iii) audits of major projects. This mix ensures that both risks associated with strategic projects, as well as the 'ordinary trading risks' across Colt, are subject to regular audit and the findings scrutinised by the AuditCo.

Wates Prlnclple 5 
The RemCo's remit includes the approval of the Annual Incentive Plan ('AIP'); Sales Incentive Plan ('SIP'); Long-term Incentive Plan ('L TIP'); the approval of the AIP and L TIPs to members of executive management; and the approval of employment contracts of members of executive management. Across Colt, all employees are eligible for an annual bonus under the terms of the AIP; Sales colleagues are eligible for remuneration under the SIP; and the EL T, DCS SMT and certain other members of management are eligible for remuneration under the L TIP, which is payable three years after the year to which it relates. 
The RemCo annually considers and approves the AIP and SIP for the forthcoming financial year, with revisions to both plans being considered by the RemCo, as and when deemed necessary. The L TIP is a long-term incentive for executive and senior management, and any L TIP pay-outs are linked to the financial performance of the Company, thereby incentivising members of management teams to contribute to the Company achieving its purpose. The AIP is shorter-term incentive for all employees; the AIP remuneration is linked to both the financial performance of the Company for a given year, as well as the individual's performance over the course of the year. 
Payment of the AIP, SIP and L TIP are all at the discretion of the Company, and the RemCo reviews all such proposals ahead of these being submitted to the Board for consideration and approval. The RemCo has stress-tested the AIP, and no material risks were flagged, and other incentive plans will be stress-tested from time to time in future years. 
Colt has Reward Principles in place, setting out the manner in which remuneration is calculated for the employees, with reference to Colt-wide job bands. The Reward Princlples are benchmarked, and available to employees through the Intranet and Fuse, the internal training and knowledge sharing platform. Colt's is also required to publish its annual gender pay gap report. In 2019, Colt also launched a strategy to be developed in the forthcoming years, which includes not only gender, but also enablement, pride, cultural and multi-generational diversity. 
In 2020, Colt will be conducting a global grading exercise, using Willis Towers Watson's job evaluation principles, to promote fair pay against both the market and peers across Colt. The RemCo will be regularly updated about this exercise and Colt will report the outcomes and actions from this exercise to the RemCo. In 2020, Colt will also be undertaking a global pensions and benefits review; SIP review; a review of mobility practices and recognition schemes. 
Wates Prlnclpla 6 
The key stakeholder groups identified by the Company are: (i) the Core and/or DCS areas of the business; (ii) Customers: (iii) Suppliers: (iv) Employees; and (V) Environment and Community. The Company has also identified a second tier of interests. which should be considered when reporting and making proposals to the Board: (i) Security; (ii) IT/Operations; and (iii) Tax/Legal/Finance/Regulatory compliance. Further information about the significance to the Company the key stakeholder groups are set out in the section 172 statement. 
One finding from the Review is that some stakeholder engagement is more formal and regular, whereas other stakeholder engagement is more informal and ad-hoe. In order to start embedding a more formal engagement approach across all stakeholder groups, the Company has launched a 'section 172 poDcy', a 'key stakeholder engagement guidance' document. Each key stakeholder group has an owner within the EL T and the DCS SMT, and actions related to stakeholder engagement for 2020 will be circulated to the respective owner/s in 2020. Additionally, Colt has created a 'key stakeholder engagement template document', to ensure this information is comprehensively brought to the attention of the Core and DCS Boards when proposing a principal decision. 
Training has been provided to the Core and DCS Board members, as well as members of the AuditCo and RemCo. In addition, training has been provided to the EL T, DCS SMT, Legal and Corporate Finance Teams. Certain members of senior management, identified by the EL T and DCS SMT, will be included in the next tranche of training in 2020,

