CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT 
For the year ended 31st January 2020, under The Companies (Miscellaneous Reporting) Regulations 2018, the Company has applied the Wates Corporate Governance Principles for Large Private Companies (published by the Financial Reporting Council (FRC) in December 2018 and available on the FRC website). 
These new corporate governance reporting requirements apply to company reporting for financial years starting on or after 1 st January 2019 and Companies are able to adopt the Wates principles as an appropriate framework when making a disclosure regarding corporate governance arrangements. We set out below how the Principles have been applied throughout the past year and our plans for continuing to strengthen our approach to Corporate Governance going forward. 
Principle 1 - Purpose and leadership 
The Group was established in 1947 and has grown, both organically and through acquisition, to become one of the world's leading event organisers. We produce and deliver innovative and market-leading events internationally. 
As covered in our Strategic report (page 2), our purpose is to deliver exceptional customer outcomes and experiences, through live events and our vision is to be a fast-growing, leading industry partner and enabler. In order to deliver on our purpose and vision we have identified our key priorities which are captured by our five core strategic pillars (page 2). 
These strategic pillars were formalised during 2019 to give us an open, shared and consistent way of approaching decisions: whether as individuals, teams, or the company as a whole. They help the Management Board, as well as our employees, consider whether our current structures and ways of working help or hinder what we are trying to do, as well as identify areas of strength which we need to support and do more of. 
Principle 2 - Board composition 
The Executive Board, supported by the Management Board who operate as our day-to-day leadership team, drive the success and growth of the business. 
The Directors, who make up the Executive Board, comprise representatives from The Blackstone Group Inc., the ultimate parent company, as well as members of the Management Team. At the end of 2018, the Group engaged the first Non-Executive Director to bring experience from outside the Events industry, as well as perspective and challenge in relation to the ongoing activities of the Group. 
Members of the Executive Board meet regularly and have clear roles and responsibilities. Business performance monitoring and operational reviews happen at a Group level on a monthly basis at the Board meetings, supported by detailed monthly portfolio-level meetings and continual analysis and focus on financial and non-financial KPls. 
The Management Board comprises members of the senior management team, both commercial and operational. The composition of the Management Board was reviewed during the prior year and was strengthened with the appointment of the Chief Financial, Chief Operating and Chief Technology Officers and the inclusion of further commercial and functional leaders. 
Succession planning is part of the Management Board's agenda. They meet regularly to review senior management talent and develop global succession plans.


Principle 3 - Director responsibilities 
The Directors delegate authority for day-to-day management of the company to the Management Board which meets regularly and is chaired by the Chief Executive Officer. Membership includes the Chief Financial Officer, Group Managing Director, Chief Operating Officer, Chief Information Officer as well as other Commercial and Operational leaders. 
The Directors have determined that, to date, formal Committees are not required in relation to Financial Reporting, Audit, Risk or Remuneration. The Executive Board has informally delegated authority on all operational matters to the Management Board, and therefore all decisions are taken at that level. As the Group continues to expand, a review will be performed to determine whether these Committees are required and to formalise the matters reserved for the Board. 
Information for the Executive Board is prepared on a monthly basis and includes input from all key areas of the business. As well as key financial information and business performance, Directors receive monthly updates on areas such as Tax, Audit and HR prepared by leaders of internal functions. 
Key financial information is collated from the Group's key accounting system which is used by around two thirds of the of the Group, on a revenue basis. Improvements have been made to the way Group Finance is structured and a number of new key roles were recruited during 2019 to improve the governance and control over the Group's financial reporting. The team is appropriately qualified to ensure the integrity of the information and is provided with the necessary training to keep up-to-date with regulatory changes. Financial information is currently externally audited by Ernst & Young LLP, on an annual basis. 
The Executive Board has ultimate responsibility for the Group's system of internal control and for reviewing its effectiveness. However well the system is designed to manage risk, it cannot eliminate all risk, and therefore it provides reasonable, not absolute, assurance against material misstatement or loss. 
The Executive Board considers that the internal controls in place are appropriate for the size, complexity and risk profile of the Group. The Group does not have an Internal Audit function. 
Principle 4 - Opportunity and risk 
Strategic opportunities are managed both at the Group level, and at Portfolio level. Both the Executive and Management Board seek out opportunities to grow and develop the business both organically and through acquisitions. 
The Executive Board are given monthly updates on actual and potential strategic initiatives, including acquisitions, focussing on the long-term impact and value creation. At a Portfolio level, monthly forecast reviews are used to monitor and drive performance, at a detailed level. 
The Group's Principal risks and uncertainties are presented in the Strategic report. These External, Financial, Operational, Reputational and Strategic risks have been identified by the Executive Board, Management Board and key business leaders, both operational and functional. Mitigation strategies are in place to manage the exposure to each of the risks. 
The Executive Board are comfortable with the systems and controls in place across the Group which are designed to manage rather than eliminate, the risk of not achieving business objectives including meeting Group budgets. The detailed work and ongoing review performed by event, by portfolio and at a consolidated level give the appropriate level of diligence in understanding the performance of the business and potential obligations at every level. This is complemented by the systems and controls in place which balance the potential for short and long term returns, with the Group's risk appetite.


The Group is in the process of establishing a formal Risk Committee with responsibility for the oversight of the risk management policies and practices of the Group's international operations and ownership of the risk management framework. 
The Strategic report presented on page 2 includes the key risks for the Group. Principle 5 - Remuneration The responsibility for remuneration has been delegated to the Management Board. 
The Group is committed to offering competitive remuneration packages, enhanced by employee benefits, bonus/incentive schemes and an Employee Benefit Trust for senior management. Packages are designed to attract and retain quality employees and align their purpose, values and strategy with that of the Group as a whole. 
Employee pay is reviewed annually. Members of senior management, including the Management Board, are included within the same pay review process and are subject to the same robust review and approval to ensure equality and consistency in approach. 
In the prior year, the Group reported for the first time on international gender diversity as well as the Gender pay gap required by the Equality Act 2010. This information is presented in the Strategic report on page 14. 
Clarion is an Equal Opportunities employer and we seek to employ a workforce that is reflective of the diverse communities in which we operate. Diversity continues to be an important factor for the Group, and we are in the process of establishing a Diversity Committee to drive positive change. 
Principle 6 - Stakeholders 
We engage with our stakeholders as part of our approach to delivering long-term values and this is a key area of focus for the Group. Relationships and interactions with our stakeholder community are embedded in our day-to-day business. This is driven by our core strategic pillars, as outlined in the Strategic report on page 2. Our markets and the communities in which we operate, our customers (both visitors and exhibitors) and our people are at the heart of what we do. 
The strategic pillars set out how we look to align the direction of our business to maximise long-term growth. The Management Board is the primary communication route between the business and our key shareholders, The Blackstone Group Inc. 
We consider the longer-term impact of our activities and operations on our external and internal stakeholders. We discuss our approach to environmental matters and social responsibility in the Strategic report on page 12. 
We are committed to investing in engaging with our key stakeholders. Taking our employees as an example, we hold annual Group-wide Company Update meetings, release an Annual Internal Strategic Report and hold employment engagement surveys, as discussed in the Strategic report on page 16, as well as undertaking a number of local departmental, portfolio or office initiatives.
