Corporate Governance 
The Company has always focused on ensuring that the corporate governance of the Company reflects the highest principles and therefore has been aware of the Combined Code applicable to listed companies. The Board therefore welcomes the introduction of the Wates Corporate Governance Principles for Large Private Companies. The Board apply the six principles set out in this document to its corporate governance. 
The Board has two Committees (an Audit Committee and a Remuneration Committee) both of whose terms of reference cover the points recommended by the Combined Code. 
The duties of the Audit Committee include monitoring the internal controls throughout the Group, approving the Group's accounting policies and reviewing the annual financial statements before submission to the Board. The Committee meets approximately three times a year. Mr M. J. M. Groat was Chairman of the Committee until his appointment as Chairman of the Board in October 2019 and has been succeeded by Mr N. K. Pearch. Mr M. J. M. Groat and Air Marshal C. Nickols are members of the Committee and Mr C. M. N. Ward attended the meetings up until his resignation on 29 February 2020. Representatives from the Auditors are in attendance when the Committee meets. The Board receives the minutes of all Audit Committee Meetings. 
The Remuneration Committee was appointed to establish and implement a formal and transparent procedure for developing policy on executive remuneration and for recommending remuneration packages for the non executive Directors and individual executive Directors for Board consideration and approval. Throughout the year the Committee was chaired by Mr N. K. Pearch and included Mr M. J. M. Groat._ In July 2020, Air Marshal C. Nickols was appointed Chairman of the Committee, with Mr N. K. Pearch remaining as a member of the Committee. The Committee meets at least twice a year to consider remuneration matters relating to all Board Members. The objective of the Committee is to ensure that the group board members are provided with appropriate incentives to encourage enhanced performance and are, in a fair and responsible manner, rewarded for their individual contributions to the success of the Group. In determining such packages and arrangements, the Remuneration Committee has due regard to the Combined Code recommendations as well as the industry norm.

