Corporate governance 
As required by the Companies (Miscellaneous Reporting) Regulations 2018 (the 'Regulations'), the Company is required to report on which corporate governance code has been applied in the financial period. In this financial period, the Company had adopted The Wates Corporate Governance Principles for Large Private Companies (the 'Wates Principles'). An explanation of how the Company applied them is set out below: 
Wates Principles 
The vision of the Company to become the World's Number One Coffee Brand and its purpose of 'inspiring the world to love great coffee.' was regularly communicated to the Company's employees and the directors' believe that the Company operates with a clear sense of purpose and collective vision. During the financial period, the Company adopted a new leadership signature - "Think customer, think big, think bold, be obsessive about growth, execute with pace, champion our values". Following consultation with the Company's employees on the values which best encapsulated the Company's culture, the Company adopted four core values of Passion, Warmth, Courage and Trust. The Company's annual employee survey is used to monitor the Company's employees' perceptions of the extent to which the Company's values are exhibited by the Company's management and team members. The Company's strategy was discussed regularly by the Company's Executive Committee in conjunction with setting a three-year Long-Range Plan. The plan focused on building the Costa brands' global brand preference and differentiating Costa from its competition as a total coffee company by virtue of the range of platforms available to distribute coffee.


During the financial period, the board consisted of the Chief Executive Officer, Chief People Officer, Chief Financial Officer and the Managing Director for the UK and Ireland. Meetings held throughout the year were usually chaired by the Chief Executive Officer. 
As the Company is a wholly owned subsidiary of The Coca-Cola Company, the board does not consider it necessary to separate the roles of the Chair and Chief Executive Officer. The Chief Executive Officer is the main liaison with The Coca-Cola Company and has regular communication with its representatives. 
The Company is the parent company of a number of subsidiaries which operate various Costa branded businesses. The Executive Committee 
Given the structure of the group of which the Company is the parent, the board considers that, the day to day management of the group should be delegated to an Executive Committee which is comprised of- 
ChiefExecutive Officer (CEO) Chief Financial Officer (CFO) Chief People Officer (CPO) Chieflnformation Officer Chief Marketing Officer Managing Director UK & Ireland Managing Director Costa Express Chief Operating Officer, Costa International Managing Director, Europe and MENA General Counsel Global Customer Director 
The structure of the Executive Committee ensures that all main business units and functions in the Group are represented and involved in key decisions. The Committee holds a short weekly meeting to review recent trading and current priorities and meets on one or two days each month to consider more strategic matters. The board considers that the size and structure of the Committee is appropriate to meet the group's strategic needs and enable effective decision making. The Committee has a broad range of skills, background, experience and knowledge, including relating to finance, human resources, information systems, marketing, operations and legal matters. 
Accountability and responsibility for decisions is closely defined in a detailed Delegation of Authority (DOA). The DOA sets out a robust internal control process via the requirement for a " Request for Approval " ( RF A) for important matters such as capital expenditure, acquisitions and sales of real property and leases , asset impairments, treasury and financing matters, supply, purchase and service agreements, marketing commitments and revenue agreements. Records of approvals given are maintained in an on-line system. The DOA is reviewed regularly, at least once a year. 
Each of the Group's main business units are subject to a detailed business review meeting each quarter. The review is attended by an appropriate member of the Executive Committee and discusses budgets, performance, strategy and any capital expenditure along with current issues and opportunities of the business. 
The Executive Committee receives regular financial reports and consumer data to assist in monitoring the performance of the business and make informed decisions.


The Executive Committee regularly considers all opportunities to grow the business and create long term value. As a subsidiary of The Coca-Cola Company, the company is required to put in place a system of internal controls which complies with the United States' Sarbanes-Oxley Act. The company has put in place a Risks & Controls Matrix framework. The principal risks and uncertainties of the Company are discussed in more detail above. 
The Company participates in an on-line Incident Management and Company Reputation system to manage its response to incidents which may affect the reputation of the Company. 
Setting Remuneration 
The Company regularly reviews the pay and remuneration of employees in comparable roles in its sector and more broadly in the case of functional roles. Remuneration for directors and senior management is directly linked to performance both at an individual and Company level and is designed to incentivise the delivery of the Company's strategy. Remuneration is also designed to attract and retain the calibre of individuals required to meet the Company's objectives. 
Remuneration Decisions 
A Remuneration Committee comprising the CEO, the CPO and representatives of The Coca-Cola Company sets the Company's policy towards the remuneration of all of its employees, including the level of any annual pay increases and design of employee incentive schemes. The appointments and remuneration of all senior employees require the approval of the Committee's members. 
Costa has good relationships with its stakeholders as, discussed in the following statement.

