Governance 
Our Board The Board has seven directors comprising the Independent Non-Executive Chair, two Executive Directors, one NonIndependent Non-Executive Director and three Independent Non-Executive Directors. Director biographies can be found at www.coutts.com. 
The Board is collectively responsible for the long-term success of the Bank, and delivery of sustainable value to its shareholders. It monitors and maintains the consistency of the Bank's activities within the strategic direction of RBS Group. It reviews and approves risk appetite for strategic and material risks in accordance with RBS Group Risk Appetite Framework and it monitors performance against risk appetite for the Bank. 
· It.approves the Bank's key financial object[ves and keeps the capital and liquidity positions of the Bank under review. The Board is also responsible for culture, which underpins all the Bank's activities and its long-term sustainability.


In order to extend its effective oversight and leadership, the Board has an Audit Committee, Risk Committee, Nominations Committee and Performance and Remuneration Committee. 
There is regular reporting to the Board on risk culture which allows the Board to have appropriate oversight of risk culture matters that are relevant. 
Audit Committee . 
The Committee is responsible for discharging the Board's responsibilities for monitoring the quality of the financial statements. It reviews the accounting policies, financial reporting and relevant compliance practices of the Bank. It also reviews the Bank's systems and standards of internal controls, and monitors the Bank's processes for internal audit and external audit. 
Risk Committee The Committee provides oversight and advice to the Board on current and potential risk exposures, and on future risk strategy. It reviews compliance with approved risk appetite and oversees the operation within the Bank of RBS Group's Risk Policy Framework. 
Performance and Remuneration Committee The Committee is responsible for overseeing the implementation within the Bank of RBS Group's remuneration policy, and of performance and remuneration arrangements. 
Nominations Committee The Committee is responsible for assisting the Board in the formal selection and appointment of directors. It reviews the structure, size and composition of the Board, and the membership and chairmanship of Board committees. 
Executive Committee The Board is supported by the Executive Committee comprising the executive directors and other senior executives. It supports the Chief Executive Officer (CEO) in managing the Bank's businesses and reviewing relevant items before consideration by the Board. It is responsible for developing and delivering the Bank's strategy and culture and it monitors and manages financial performance, capital allocation, risk strategy and policy, risk management, operational issues and client issues for the Bank. 
Oirectors' indemnities . 
ln terms of Section 236 of the Companies Act 2006, all directors listed on page 6 have been granted Qualifying Third Party .Indemnity Provisions by RBS Group. 
The Wates Corporate Governance Principles The Companies (Miscellaneous Reporting) Regulations 2018 introduced new statutory reporting requirements for financial years beginning on or after 1 January 2019. As a result of these new requirements, the directors of the Bank are required to provide a statement in the Report of the directors stating which corporate governance code the Bank followed during the year, how it applied the code and any part of the code it did not follow. 
For the financial year-ended 31 December 2019 the Bank has chosen to report against the Wates Corporate Governance Principles-for Large Private Companies, published by the Financial Reporting Council (FRC) in December 2018 and available on the FRC website (the 'Wa,tes Principles'). The disclosures below explain how the Bank has applied the Wates Principles in the context of its corporate governance arrangements.


1. Purpose and Leadership The Bank's purpose of being an indispensable partner to its clients sits within the purpose of RBS Group. RBS Group's purpose is established by the RBS Group Board and cascaded to subsidiaries. Further infqrmation on RBS Group's purpose can qe found in the 2019 Annual Report and Accounts cif RBS Group pie. 
Strategy for the RBS Group is likewise approved by the RBS Group Board and cascaded to subsidiaries. The Board of the Bank approves and monitors the strategic direction of the Bank within the parameters set by the RBS Group. · · 
The Bank's strategy remains based on a clear vision: to be the Best Private Bank in the UK, measured through three lenses: client satisfaction, colleague engagement and financial returns. The Board oversees the execution of strategy and hoids management to account for its delivery. This is done through a mix of reporting, Board and other meetings and an annual Board strategy day. 
Building a healthy culture that embodies Our Values is also a core priority for RBS Group. Our Values, which guide the way RBS Group identifies the right people to serve customers well, and how to manage, engage and reward colleagues, are at the heart of Our Code (the RBS Group-wide Code of Conduct). 
There is regular reporting to the Board on culture which allows the Board to have appropriate oversight of culture matters. This includes 6-monthly reviews of 'Our View' colleague survey and cultu~e measurement reports, as well as of the Bank's risk culture. In 2019, the Bank made further progress in these areas, with colleague survey results placing It ahead of the Global Financial Services Norm (GFS) in 12 out of 14 categories. The Board also considers the overall alignment of purpose and strategy with culture and values. 
2. Board Composition Details on the Board and its Committees are presented in the section on Governance above (see page 32). 
The Board's Nominations Committee regularly reviews the structure, size and composition of the Board, and ensures there is an appropriate mix of skills, knowledge, experience and diversity, as well as independence. The Nominations Committee further supports the Board in succession planning. Board diversity is supported by a Boardroom Inclusion Policy, which includes gender and ethnicity diversity targets. The policy sets out the aspiration to meet the targets set by the Hampton-Alexander Report on "FTSE100 Women Leaders" (33% female balance) and th·e Parker Report "Beyond 1 by '21" (at least one director from an ethnic minority background to be included on the list of candidates by 2020/21 ). Whilst the Board meets the gender target, it remains focused on developing its diversity, particularly with respect to its ethnic diversity. 
The size of the Board is considered appropriate, taking into account the size and scale of the Bank's business. The independent non-executive.directors combine broad business and commercial experience with independent and objective judgement and provide independent challenge to the executive directors and the leadership team. The balance between independent non-executive and executive directors enables the Board to provide clear and effective leadership across the Bank's business activities. The role of the Chair is to lead the Board and ensure its overall effectiveness, and is distinct and separate from that of the CEO; who manages the business day~to-day. 
A review of the effectiveness of the Board is conducted at least annually. Non-executive directors participate in scheduled Board training sessions and other external sessions, as required. An active Board 'teach-In' training programme was


run in 2019, with over a dozen sessions held. The topics covered include artificial intelligence and data, cyber risks and competition and company law responsibilities. Directors also request individual in-depth briefings from time to time on areas of particular interest, and undertake visits to regional offices. An induction programme is provided for all new directors, which is tailored to their specific experience and knowledge. 
3. Director Responsibilities 
All directors receive guidance on their statutory duties under · the Companies Act 2006 and are supported in the discharge of their duties by the Company Secretary. 
RBS Group has a Corporate Governance Framework, including a Corporate Governance Policy, which sets out the key aspects of the governance framework as they relate to its key subsidiaries. The Corporate Governance Policy provides high-level guidance to the Board on how the Bank should be managed in line with RBS Group policy and best practice. The Board and its Committees have Terms of Reference which clearly map out their respective authority, responsibilities and accountabilities. Each director has a role profile which clearly articulates their responsibilities and accountabilities, and any additional regulatory responsibilities are set out in their Statement of Responsibilities, as provided for under the UK's Senior Managers Regime. The Board holds regular quarterly meetings, an annual strategy day, and other meetings as required. 
Directors' conflicts of interest are managed in accordance with conflicts of interest guidance. The company maintains a register of directors' interests and appointments and this Is presented at each quarterly Board meeting for review. 
The Chair, CEO and Company Secretary are responsible for the quality and integrity of information provided to directors. · .The Board receives regular information on key aspects of the business, including monthly reports from the CEO, in addition to reporting provided to the quarterly Board meetings. 
Extensive internal processes are in place to ensure that the quality and Integrity of information provided to the Board is reliable and able to support effective decision making. This is supported by assurance undertaken by second.and third lines of defence teams, who respectively provide quarterly Risk and Internal Audit opinions to the quarterly Board Risk and Audit Committees. 
4. Opportunity and Risk 
The role of the Board is to promote the long-term, sustainable success of the Bank, which already tias a heritage of over 300 years. Opportunities are primarily identified through regular Board reviews of the different parts of the Bank's business and an annual Board strategy session, drawing on client and external market insights, and are framed within the overall strategy of the RBS Group. 
The Board reviews and approves risk appetite for strategic and material risks in accordance with the RB$ Group risk appetite framework; monitors performance against risk app~tite for the Bank; and considers any material risks and approves, as appropriate, recommend~d actions escalated by the Bank's Board Risk Committee. 
The Bank's risk strategy is informed and shaped by an understanding of the risk landscape including a range of significant risks and uncertainties in the external economic, political and regulatory environments. 
The Bank complies with RBS Group's risk appetite framework, which is approved annually by the RBSG pie Board, in line with RBS Group's risk appetite statements, frameworks and policies. RBS Group risk appetite is set in line with overall strategy.


RBS Group operates an integrated risk management framework, which is centred around the embedding of a strong risk culture. The framework ensures the tools and capability are in place to facilitate sound risk management and decisionmaking across the organisation. 
During 2019, a number of enhancements to the risk management framework were developed. The increasing significance of climate risk was considered as part of these developments and will be fully integrated as part of the implementation of the enhanced framework in 2020. 
The Bank also complies with the RBS Group Policy Framework, the purpose of which is to ensure that RBS Group establishes and maintains RBS Group-wide policies that adequately address the material inherent risks ii faces in its business activities. 
Further information o.n the-Sank's risk management framework including risk culture, risk governance, risk appetite, risk controls and limits, and risk identification and measurement can be found in the Capital and risk management section of this report (pages 7 to 31). 
5. Remuneration The RBS Group Remuneration Policy provides a consistent · policy across all companies in RBS Group and ensures . compliance with regulatory requirements. The remuneration policy is aligned with the business strategy, objectives, values and long-term interests of the Bank. The policy supports a culture where individuals are rewarded for delivering sustained performance in line with risk appetite and for demonstrating the right conduct and behaviours. 
 
The Bank has a Performance & Remuneration Committee (RemCo) with non-executive directors as members. In addition to reviewing remuneration for executives of the Bank, the RemCo considers reports on the wider workforce including annual pay outcomes and diversity information. The RemCo helps to ensure that the remuneration policies, procedures and practices being applied are appropriate at the Bank level. 
Executive remuneration structures incentivise individuals to deliver sustainable performance ba~ed on strategic objectives for the RBS Group and the Bank. Performance is assessed against a balanced scorecard of financial and non-financial measures and variable pay is subject to deferral as well as malus and clawback provisions to ensure rewards are justified in the long-term. 
The RBS Group is committed to providing a fair wage for the role performed. The Bank is a fully accredited Living Wage Employer with rates of pay that continue to exceed the Living Wage Foundation Benchmarks. 
6. Stakeholder Relationships and Engagement 
The Bank is committed to engaging with its stakeholders and to bringing their voice into key decisions, as well as managing the wider social, environmental and economic impacts of its operations, as a cornerstone of building a sustainable business.


The Board recognises the importance of engaging with stakeholders and discussions at Board meetings are focused around the impact that the Bank's activities may have on key stakeholder groups. For further details on the Board's. 
engagement with colleagues, customers, suppliers and others, and how these stakeholder interests have been taken into account, see pages 3 to 5 of the Strategic report, which includes a section 172(1) statement
