Corporate Governance 
Background 
For the year ended 31 December 2019, under the Companies (Miscellaneous Reporting) Regulations 2018, the Company has applied the Wates Corporate Governance Principles for Large Private Companies (published by the Financial Reporting Council ("FRC") in December 2018 and available on the FRC website). 
Set out below is how the directors have applied the principles during the year and will continue to do so during the forthcoming year as they exercise their duties as Directors. 
The Board structure in place is reflective of the nature of the company being a wholly owned subsidiary of Laboratory Corporation of America Holdings ("LabCorp") and the oversight that is provided by LabCorp Management Board of Directors and Committees as part of their management of the global Group. There are no sub committees in place at the entity level as these are not considered to be necessary at this level for the Directors to discharge their duties. 
Whilst specific matters relevant to the Company are mentioned below, reference should also be made to the LabCorp website which sets out in more details the principles that apply across the Group.


Principle 1 - Purpose and Leadership 
LabCorp (NYSE: LH), an S&P 500 company, is a leading global life sciences company that is deeply integrated in guiding patient care, providing comprehensive clinical laboratory and end-to-end drug development services. With a mission to improve health and improve lives, LabCorp delivers world-class diagnostics solutions, brings innovative medicines to patients faster, and uses technology to improve the delivery of care. LabCorp reported revenue of more than $11.5 billion in 2019. To learn more about LabCorp, visit www.labcorp.com, and to learn more about Covance Drug Development, visit www.covance.com. 
The entity Board applies these core principles and concepts in the day to day operation of the company, integrating its operations as part of the wider LabCorp group. 
Principle 2 - Board Composition 
The Board of Covance Clinical and Periapproval Services Limited consists of 3 executive directors who are a mix of individuals focused on the operational aspects of the group combined with others who , including two who sit on the LabCorp Executive Committee, and all of whom are able to apply group wide considerations to this entity. The Board do not consider that it is necessary or appropriate to have separately appointed non-executive directors at this entity level given the close interaction across the global group. 
Principle 3 - Director Responsibilities 
As a subsidiary Board, the Board meets less formally than might be required if the company were a standalone entity. There is no formal programme of meetings and the Board will meet up as often ;3s is required to manage matters of significance to the business. 
The Board will receive details on key performance including financial performance, operational matters and will liaise with operational management as required to address matters arising. Each director has delegated authority to act on behalf of the company in fulfilling their duties. The Board consider this split of duties as appropriate to allow the effective use of the skills in place which mix operational and board level experience. 
Matters such as the appointment of auditors are dealt with at Board level with input from senior members of the management team to assess the ongoing performance and service delivery. 
Principle 4 - Opportunity & Risk 
Several of the key opportunities and risks are set out in the strategic report on page 2 of these financial statements. The integrated nature of global operations means that macro level risks such as Brexit, Covid-19 and Regulatory risk in undertaking its activities are addressed at the group level with the directors sharing relevant responsibility for addressing these at the entity level. 
Principle 5 - Remuneration 
Matters with regards to the remuneration of the directors are dealt with as part of the wider Group remuneration policy. 
Matters with regards to staff remuneration, gender pay matters and involvement of staff are addressed in the disclosures in the strategic report. Decisions regarding these areas are dealt with by appropriate committees of the main group board with the entity board of directors having responsibility for implementation.


Principle 6 - Stakeholders 
The Board (as part of the wider Group) has a clear understanding and position that good governance is essential on a day to day basis to effectively deliver the services that the company provides. They are also vital in the interactions that the company has with its customers, suppliers, employees, regulators and the parent company as shareholders. Further information is set out in the S172 statement on page 4.
