Statement of Corporate Governance Arrangement 
For the period ended 28 March 2020, under the Companies (miscellaneous Reporting) Regulations 2019, the Company has applied the Wates Corporate Governance Principles for Large Private Companies (Wates principles) (published by the Financial Reporting Council ('FRC') in December 2018 and are available on the FRC website). As referred to on page 4 of the Strategic report Cranswick pie manages the operations of all subsidiary at a Group level with delegation of certain responsibilities to sub boards and regular interaction between subsidiary directors and senior managers with Group Executives. 
Principle 1- Purpose and Leadership The Group Board is responsible for the long-term success and stewardship of the Company, overseeing it's conduct and affairs to create sustainable value for the benefit of its shareholders and other stakeholders including customers, suppliers, employees and the communities in which the business operates. The Group Board delegates certain roles and responsibilities to its various committees and to Senior Management. The committees assist the Board by fulfilling their obligations and reporting back to the Group Board on the outcomes from their respective activities. 
Principle 2 - Board Composition The Group Board consists of Senior Executive Management alongside a strong team of sector experienced Non-Executive Directors. All Non-Executive Directors are deemed to be independent. The Board is ultimately responsible for the business strategy and the financial robustness of the Group, for monitoring performance and for establishing a governance structure and practice which facilitates effective decision making and good governance. The Group Board delegates certain roles and responsibilities to various Committees, Senior Management and Operating Boards. Further details of the Group Board composition can be found on pages 60-61 of the Cranswick pie Annual Report and Accounts. (a copy of which is available at www.cranswick.plc,uk) 
Principle 3 - Directors Responsibilities 
The Group Board held nine scheduled Board meetings during the year and a number of other meetings and conference calls were convened for specific business matters. Board agendas are set by the Group Chairman in consultation with the Group Chief Executive and Company Secretary. 
To enable the members of the Group Board to discharge these responsibilities, they have full and timely access to all relevant information and prior to the COVID-19 outbreak the Group Board meetings were held at the Group's sites allowing the Directors to review the operations and meet the management team of those particular sites. 
The Group Board delegates certain roles and responsibilities to its various committees and to Senior Management. The committees assist the Group Board by fulfilling their obligations and reporting back to the Group Board on the outcomes from their respective activities. To assist the Group Board in carrying out its functions and to ensure that there is independent oversight of internal controls and risk management, the Group Board delegates certain responsibilities to its principle committees. An Executive Committee, consisting of the Group Executive Directors and Senior Executives from the business, meets occasionally to discuss strategy, operations and commercial matters affecting the business. The feedback from these committees is shared with the Group Board. 
Operating Boards (or sub-boards) consisting of Senor Executives from each of the relevant group businesses meet regularly to discuss operational and commercial matters affecting such businesses. Operations boards are also attended by the Group Executive Directors and members of the Food Central Operating board as appropriate. The feedback from these Operating boards is shared with the Group Board. 
A full list of roles and responsibilities can be found 011 Pages 62-63 of the Cranswick pie Annual Report and Accounts. 
Principle 4 - Opportunity and Risk 
It is the Group Boards role to protect the business from operational and financial risks and it has established a system of internal controls which safeguard the Shareholder's investment and the Group's assets. Such a system provides reasonable but not absolute assurance against material misstatements or loss, as it is designed to manage rather than eliminate the risk of failure to achieve business objectives. The Group Board is responsible for reviewing the effectiveness of internal controls across all areas of the business. And reviewing the principle risks to the Group, details of which can be found on pages 66-71 of the Cranswick pie Annual Report and Accounts. 
The Group operates within a clearly defined organisational structure with established responsibilities, authorities and reporting lines to the Group Board. The organisational structure has been designed in order to develop, plan, execute, monitor and control the Group's objectives effectively and to ensure that internal controls are embedded within the operations. 
Principle 5 - Remuneration 
The Cranswick Group Remuneration Committee monitors the executive remuneration packages and incentive schemes and believes the incentive provision provides a strong alignment between Shareholders, the Executive Directors and the wider Senior Executive Management team. The Cranswick Group remuneration policy was agreed at the AGM in 2018. Details of the policy are included in the Renumeration Committee Report on pages 80-86 of the Cranswick Group pie Annual Reports and Accounts.
Principle 6 - Stakeholder Relationship and Engagement Regular engagement with inventors provides the Cranswick Group with the opportunity to discuss certain areas of interest and to ascertain any areas of concern they may have. We engage with our shareholders in a variety of ways including, but not limited to: The publication of the Cranswick pie Annual Report and Accounts, Quarterly Results Announcement (including presentations by the Group Executive Directors to accompany interim and full year results - copies of which are published on line), Press Releases for all substantive news relating to the Groups financial and operational performance, The Cranswick Group AGM, the Cranswick Group website which is regularly updated, contains a wide range of information related to the Group and allows Shareholders to make enquires which are responded to promptly. 
