Corporate Governance Arrangements 
The Company's corporate governance model strives to ensure the implementation of the Cummins "Mission, Vision and Values", enhancing value for the Company's shareholders, employees, communities and other st~keholde[s._ In short these are: 
Wily We Exist: Our Mission Making people's lives better by powering a more prosperous world. 
Wnat We Want To Accomplish: Our Vision Innovating for our customers to power their success. 
How We Will Do It: .Our Values INTEGRITY - Doing what you say you will do and doing what is right. DIVERSITY & INCLUSION - Valuing and including our differences in decision making is our competitive advantage. CARING - Demonstrating awareness and consideration for the wellbeing of others. EXCELLENCE - Always delivering superior results. 
TEAMWORK - Collaborating across teams, functions, businesses and borders to deliver the best work. 
For the 2019 financial year, the Company operated within its ultimate parent company's, Cummins Inc., "C~mmins Code of Business Conduct" and "Cummins Inc. Corporate Governance Principles" (the 'Cummins Code'). Please see copies of each on the 
Cummins Inc. investor relations . website at 
https:/investor.cummins.com/corporate-govemance/ ose be upheld. 
highlights?c=112916&p=irol-govHighlights. Cummins Inc. requires each member of its group to oe committed to the Cummins standards and values, by passing down its principles, and requiring that th1 
The board are also familiar with and supportive of the Wates' Corporate Governance Principles for Large Private ·companies (the 'Wates Principles'). The Wates Principles are similar in numerous respects to the Cummins Code and the directors are confideni that the corporate governance adopted by the Company complied in all material respects, where relevant, with the Wates Principles. 
Cummins finmly believes that a sustainable company is built on a foundation of good governance, integrity and the highest ethical standards at all levels. This is considered critical to the Company's long tenm sustainable success. The Cummins ethics and governance initiatives are built around the 10 Statements of Ethical Principles, which are detailed in the "Cummins Code of Business Conduct". These principles are put into practice through a comprehensive compliance training program; targeting appropriate employee groups to promote good ethical behaviour and a healthy group wide culture. 
The board has the -legal responsibility for· overseeing the affairs of the Company, exercised through the election and appointment. of competent officers. The board relies on the integrity, expertise and competency of these officers in carrying out its oversight function. The board is responsible for having the processes and internal control systems in place to identify, evaluate, manage and mitigate risks. In discharging its fiduciary duties to act in the best interests of the Company, the board have and continue to consider, among other pertinent factors and as appropriate, the effect of its actions on shareholders, employees, suppliers, customers, communities, and the interests of society. More detail on the stakeholder engagement undertaken by the board and its compliance with s172 can be found in the Strategic Report. 
The Company implements a risk monitoring and review process whereby a dedicated Risk Manager reports to the board at least twice a year on any key risks identified and detailing how those risks are being monitored. Key risks reported on for 2019 included the impact of Brexit, cyber security and climate change. In 2019 a number of the board members formed part of the ABO leadership team for Europe, which considers key risks throughout the year. 
The board have ·adopted a broad range of policies that help to govern internal affairs of the Company. These are reviewed and


updated periodically. During 2019 a detailed review was undertaken of the Company's modern slavery policy and policies related to human trafficking, equal opportunities and diversity, health & safety and sustainability. The review process would involve the board either (i) by way of presentation to the board where the views of the board could be taken into account; and/or (b) by circulation of the revised policy to the board for review and comment. 
In 2019 the board comprised of six directors, as set out on page 5. The board continues to assess its membership to ensure ··that it has the right qualities, skills and experience to develop promote the Cummins Mission, Vision and Values, continue to build the Cummins culture and promote long term sustainable success. 

In order to comply with the Corporate Governance Principles relating to board selection, the Company operates a board selection process which complies with guidelines issued by Cummins. These guidelines emphasise that an appropriate mix of skills and experience commensurate with the complexity of the business is to be considered. The Company undertook a review of the make-up of its board in 2019 to ensure that the directors had the requisite skills and were sufficiently diversified to ensure they reflect Cummins' Missions, Values and Vision, Cummins' 10 overriding ethical principles, of diversity and inclusion, as well as the Equalities Act 2010. The outcomes of the 2019 review were implemented in February 2020. For example, in 2019 Alison Snell, Director of Strategy - Europe ABO, was elected to the board (her appointment being finalised in February 2020). 
As a wholly owned private limited company it is not felt appropriate or necessary to appoint independent directors to the board. This has been addressed at the parent company level. However, the board ensures that any conflicts of interest are identified · and managed to ensure they perform their duties appropriately and in accordance with their fiduciary and legal duties. The Company adopts a specific conflicts of interest"policy, which was implemented throughout 2019. 
All directors are expected to continue to develop' and educate themselves. Training during the 2019 financial year included directors' duties, environmental sustainability, healtti and safety and equal opportunities and affirmative action compliance. The Company ensures that each member of the board has a clear understanding of their accountability and responsibilities and that each director commits the requisite time and attention necessary to fulfil their obligations. All new board members receive a a tailored induction on joining the board which includes the provision of a comprehensive Board Pack (with details of the business operations, key stakeholders and director's legal duties and responsibilities). 
· 
The board also has a number of processes in place to build positive relationships with all stakeholders, with a particular focus on the workforce/ employees, customers, suppliers and 'the community. One of our key ethical principles is to compete fairly and honestly, and this has no exceptions. The Company ensures the board remains accountable to this principle and, in particular, directors are regularly involved in key meetings with customers and suppliers. Further details regarding engagement with our key stakeholders and employees during the 2019 financial year can be found in the Engagement with Employees and Engagement with Stakeholders sections.
