Statement of corporate governance arrangements 
New corporate governance reporting requirements apply for financial years starting on or after l January 2019 to all companies that satisfy either or both of the following conditions: 
• More than 2,000 employees; • A turnover of more than £200 million, and a balance sheet of more than £2 billion. 
The Company meets this requirement. In practice, the Board sit at the Deuce Midco Limited level. The Company is a subsidiary company of Deuce Midco Limited. These financial statements will include a statement on the corporate governance code the Group has applied (the Group has voluntarily adopted due to the Company meeting the this requirement). 
For the year ended 31 December 2019, the Group has voluntarily applied the Wates Corporate Governance Principles for Large Private Companies, published by the Financial Reporting Council (FRC) in December 2018. 
The Wates Principles provide a framework for the Board to monitor corporate governance of the Group and see where governance standards can be raised to a higher level across the business. 
Wates Principle 1 Purpose and leadership We believe that a balance of exercise, nutrition, mindfulness and sociability are the keys to wellness and to sustaining a positive and healthy life. Our purpose is to provide facilities, services, equipment and social spaces which help to promote physical and mental wellbeing for our members. 
Our vision "My Club For My Life" seeks to create an environment where our ~embers develop a real sense of belonging to their local clubs and where the clubs become an integral part of members' lives, throughout their lives. 
Our culture is about making our clubs a comfortable and welcoming place to come together with friends, family and fellow members to maintain physical and mental health and wellness. The Board monitors the Group's culture through member feedback. Employee engagement is also measured twice a year (going forward three times a year) by way of an online employee survey to ensure the Group is listening and responding to its employees' needs. 
Our values and strategies that we have embedded to underpin them and the measures that we have used to monitor our performance against them are set out . in the strategic report on pages 2 to 6 of the financial statements of Deuce Midco Limited. 
Wates Principle 2 Board composition The Deuce Midco Board comprises the Chief Executive, Chief Financial Officer, three Shareholder Directors and two independent non-executive Directors (one of who is designated the Chairman). Biographies of the board members can be found in the Directors' Report on pages 21 to 23 of the financial statements of Deuce Midco Limited. The Innovation and Product Development Dircector was appointed to the Deuce Midco Board on 1 April 2020.


Wates Principle 2 Board composition Appointments to the Board are made on merit considering the combination of skills, background, experience and knowledge required to give constructive challenge and achieve effective decision-making. 
We consider the size and composition of the Board to be appropriate for our business. The two non-executive Directors bring challenge, experience and offer different perspectives. 
As is normal for large companies, the Deuce Midco Limited Board delegate authority for day-to-day management of the Company and its subsidiaries to the Executive Committee. 
The Executive Committee comprises the Chief Executive, Chief Financial Officer, Chief Operating Officer, Innovation and Product Development Director, Property Director, New Clubs Director, HR Director and Member Experience Director. 
The Board has established an Audit Committee with responsibility for the appointment of auditors and review of the scope and results of the external audit. 
The Board and the Executive Committee together comprise 85% men and 15% women. We acknowledge that there is a relative lack of diversity on the Board and this is not reflective of the mix in the business. Page 17 of the strategic report of of the financial statements of Deuce Midco Limited analyses the gender diversity of the Group. 
Directors and Executive Committee members update their knowledge of the business by frequent visits to Clubs and meetings with senior management. 
Both the Board and the Executive Committee meet monthly. Attendance and proceedings at meetings are recorded with action points noted and followed up. 
Wates Principle 3 Directors' responsibilities The Board typically meet ten times a year. The Board receives regular and timely information (at least monthly) on all key aspects of the business including the financial performance of the business, health and safety, performance against the Group's strategies and key performance indicators and capex investment appraisals and potential acquisitions. 
Key financial information is collated from the Group's various accounting systems. The Group's finance function is appropriately qualified to ensure the integrity of this information and is provided with the necessary training to keep up to date with accounting changes. The Group's statutory financial statements are externally audited by Deloitte LLP on an annual basis. 
The Group has developed policies that provide clear lines of accountability and responsibility for effective decision making. The Board delegates authority for day-to-day management to the Executive Committee. 
Independent non-executive directors have no material business relationships with the Group which may influence their judgment or their ability to provide independent challenge. Directors are required to declare any conflict of interest in advance of any discussion. 

Wates Principle 4 Opportunity and risk The Board seeks out opportunities while mitigating risk. The Group's key financial and non-financial risks and mitigations are described in the 'Principal risks and uncertainties' section of the Strategic Report on pages 11 to 14 of the financial statements of Deuce Midco Limited.


Wates Principle 4 Opportunity and risk (continued) The Executive Committee (as delegated by the Board) also considers further risks as part of the day to day management of the business. 
The Board considers all significant capex investment projects and all potential acquisitions and approves them before any bids are made or contracts exchanged. 
The Board appointed an Innovation and Product Development Director with primary responsibility to consider and assess how the Group should create value in the medium to long term. 
The Property Director's principal focus is the opportunity for expansion both within and outside the UK. 
The Board and Executive Committee have established an internal control framework designed to manage risk. The clubs are required to comply with both a compliance framework and a finance policy and procedures manual. The clubs are subject to regular health & safety and finance audits by group risk and the internal audit function. Red audit revisits are reported to the Executive Committee who monitor both the results and remediation action plan. 
Wates Principle 5 Remuneration Remuneration of directors and senior management is reviewed and set by the shareholder directors. Directors remuneration is disclosed in note 10 on page 68 of the Deuce Midco Limited financial statements. Note the Directors of the Company are not directly remunerated by the Group. 
The directors, senior management and operational management participate in an equity-based incentive plan which i~ linked to shareholder value. More detail is given in Note 24 "Share based payments" on page 63 of these financial statements. 
We report on Gender Pay on page 17 of the strategic report in the financial statements of Deuce Midco Limited. The Board's focus is to close the gap by increasing the proportion of females in our leadership roles. 
Wates Principle 6 Stakeholder relationships and engagement The Board's principle responsibility is to promote the long-term success of the Group through creating shareholder value and contributing to a healthy society and a sustainable environment. The Board's key objective remains constant; that doing the right thing by our members, our team and the communities in which we operate is integral to our future success as a sustainable business. 
A statement on how the Board engages with its employees, members, suppliers and other key stakeholders can be found on pages 15 to 16 of the Directors' Report. The Section 1 72(1) Statement on pages 10 to 13 of the Strategic Report explains how the Board fosters effective stakeholder relationships aligned to the Group's purpose.
