Dentsu Aegis London Limited December 2019_conv
Corporate governance reporting As the Company is part of the wider Dentsu International Limited Group, it is subject to the corporate governance principles applied throughout the Group. The Company has adopted the Wates Principles as an appropriate framework when making disclosures about its corporate governance arrangements, in compliance with the new corporate governance reporting requirements that came into effect from I January 2019. The Company's approach to each of the six Wates Principles is summarised as follows: 
Purpose and leadership The values of the Company are consistent with the broader Group, and include 'Agile' (acting with freedom, deciding with speed and keeping it simple), 'Pioneering' (being constantly curious and passionate about thought leadership), 'Ambitious' (going the extra mile, and maintaining strong focus on the prize), 'Responsible' (taking ownership, being good citizens and being transparent) and 'Collaborative' (collaborating across the Group, sharing success models, and attracting, developing and mobilising the right talent). 
The Company's purpose is, through the significant network of the Dentsu International Limited Group, to encourage an environment where people come together in a place where teams form effortlessly, where hearts and minds are open and diversity is the greatest resource, and innovation can come from anyone, anywhere. The Company is also where data, technology and creativity meet in endless possibilities - for the benefit of everyone. Change is embraced as the lifeforce of business, helping it to adapt and thrive, even in the most challenging times. 
The Company is committed to ensuring its strategy is articulated and implemented throughout the organisation clearly. In addition, a transparent, Group-wide Speak Up policy exists, to provide all employees a mechanism to report any unethical or inappropriate behaviour. 
Board composition The board is comprised of four directors, with a broad range of skills, backgrounds and experience, including Mediaindustry specific, finance and treasury experience, which in turn promotes a higher level of understanding of the Company's business needs and stakeholder interests. The size and composition of the board is considered proportionate to the Company's size, complexity and structure of the wider Group in which the Company operates. 
Director responsibilities The directors have a responsibility to ensure the Company complies with Group-wide policies and procedures. Regarding the assessment of any conflicts of interest, the directors are required to declare any interests - either personally or through any related parties - which conflict, or might conflict, with the interests of the Company or its stakeholders. 
Opportunity and risk Opportunities for future growth from acqu1s1t1ons are assessed by the Group M&A Committee, to ensure such opportunities are in line with the Group's long-term strategy. Details around the Company's approach to the identification, impact quantification and mitigation to the key risks facing the _Company are outlined in the Strategic report on page 2. 
Remuneration Remuneration for directors and employees is aligned with individual performance, behaviours, and the achievement of the Company's broader purpose, values and strategy. The Company is a subsidiary entity of the Group headed by


Dentsu International Limited, and matters relating to remuneration across the Group are considered by the Dentsu International Limited Compensation Committee. 
Stakeholder relationships and engagement The directors promote effective stakeholder relationships, to ensure these are aligned to the Company's purpose. The Company's primary stakeholders include employees, customers and shareholder, and further information on how the Company engages with key stakeholders can be found in the Strategic report.

