REPORTING IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE WATES CORPORATE GOVERANCE PRINCIPLES FOR LARGE PRIVATE COMPANIES (THE "WATES PRINCIPLES") 
The Company has applied the Wates Principles guidance in its entirety in the financial year ended 31 December 2019 and the report is set out below. Purpose and Leadership 
The Board of Directors ensures that the Company operates with a clear sense purpose and collective vision by publishing the Company's values to all stakeholders and through statements and communications issued by the Chief Executive Officer (CEO) and his Executive Management Team. The Board holds dialogue with the workforce and wider stakeholders, through trade union information and consultation, management forums and the participation of the workforce in voluntary bespoke confidential surveys. The Board, through the CEO also provides updates and corporate messages to the workforce via the company's intranet, through town hall sessions with the Chairman and through regular cascade messages to the workforce through the management team. 
The Company's purpose and values have been explained and integrated into the different functions and operations of the business in a robust manner. The objective setting process forms the backbone of the setting of and adherence to the Company's core values, and these are reinforced via the intranet as well as through publicity material visible throughout the Company's sites. The Company has monitored culture by, conducting employee surveys, engagement with trade unions, reviewing absenteeism rates, conducting exit interviews and undertaking Board feedback sessions. The board has led on the establishment of transparent whistleblowing policies in relation to raising concerns about misconduct and unethical practices and put in place effective review processes. 
Board Composition 
The Board collectively demonstrates an excellent understanding of the Company's business needs and stakeholder interests. The Board is constituted of individuals with a wide range of industry and subject expertise. The Chairman


promotes open debate and facilitates constructive discussion. This enables the Board to be an open forum for discussion where varied views are tabled and challenge is issued to the executive team on various matters. The Chairman ensures that all Directors have appropriate information and that sufficient time is made available for meaningful discussion. Detailed inputs are provided five working days before the Board meets and meetings take place quarterly with sufficient time being allowed for discussion of issues to be covered. The Company has a commitment to the ongoing professional development of its board and Directors embrace such opportunities and ensure that they have sufficient time to discharge their duties. 
The Company's policy on diversity and inclusion is underpinned throughout all of the Company's corporate policies in both spirit and practice, inclusive of a bespoke diversity and inclusion council which drives this agenda forward. 
Director Responsibilities 
The Board has established and maintained corporate governance practices that provide clear lines of responsibility for individual Board members, including the non-executive directors, to support effective decision-making. The Company has a full suite of policies that it reviews regularly against a number of criteria, including regulation, best practice and alignment to client policies, which govern its internal affairs. Policies have formally assigned owners who are responsible to the Board. The Board has established formal and robust internal processes to ensure systems and controls are operating effectively, and that the quality and integrity of information provided to it is reliable. 
The Board has agreed and set out how conflicts of interest should be identified and managed within the Company, through a conflicts of interest policy which is trained and tested across the whole workforce every year. 
Opportunity and Risk 
The Board considers and assesses how the Company creates and preserves value over the long-term. The Company has processes for the identification of future opportunities for innovation and entrepreneurship, by operating in a variety of ways to ensure it remains innovative, including via market learning, in forums with its customers and by way of benefitting from the very extensive knowledge-based innovation which is a key strength of its parent company, Tata Consultancy Services Limited. 
The Board has oversight of risk and how it is managed, and appropriate accountability to stakeholders. There are clear areas of responsibility within individual Board members, including for the non-executive directors, and all have identified areas of oversight over the key stakeholders and managers of the business. The Board has established forma I and robust internal processes to ensure systems and controls are operating effectively, and that the quality and integrity of information provided to it is reliable. 
Remuneration 
Remuneration for directors and senior managers is aligned with performance, behaviours, and the achievement of company purpose, values and strategy. The Company utilises specialist external agencies to provide pay comparability methodologies to assist with determining remuneration throughout the Company. 
In setting director and senior manager remuneration, consideration has been given to remuneration throughout the organisation to reinforce a sense of shared purpose. The Board has established clear policies on remuneration structures and practices which enable effective accountability to shareholders, taking account of the broader operating context, including the pay and conditions of the wider workforce and the company's response to matters such as any gender pay gap, Living wage etc. 
Stakeholder Relationships and Engagement 
The Company considers how its activities may impact both current and future stakeholders, including how these could impact on the environment in everything it does. This is carried out via the conduct risk framework; environmental policy; HR policies (including workforce surveys); formal governance and feedback surveys with customers; end customer satisfaction results and analysis; regular meetings and audits with Regulators; and charitable support, including formally supported charities. 
The Company presents to stakeholders a fair, balanced and understandable assessment of the Company's position and prospects and makes this available on an annual basis through intranet communications and messages from executive management, results of workforce surveys and the publication of the Company's annual report and accounts. 
The Board ensures that there is a range of formal and informal channels in place to receive appropriate feedback from discussions with stakeholders and the Company follows recognised international standards or frameworks. Workforce policies and practices are aligned with the Company's purpose and values.
