Corporate Governance Arrangements 
In accordance with the Companies (Miscellaneous Reporting) Regulations 2018, the Company is required to include a statement of its corporate governance arrangements in this annual report for the financial year ending on 1 March 2020 ("FY20"). The Company has adopted the Wates Corporate Governance Principles for Large Private Companies (published by the Financial Reporting Council in December 2018), which will apply to our reporting for FY20 and subsequent years. Corporate Governance arrangements are set at a Dobbies Garden Centres Group Limited (the "Group") Board level. We set out below how the Principles were applied during FY20. 
Principle 1: Purpose and leadership 
Our purpose is to deliver sustainable growth for all of our stakeholders by leading the future of garden centre retailing. We achieve this by: • 
• • • 
Operating the business in line with a strategic business plan; Adopting a "customer first" approach; 
Operating best-in-class garden centres and restaurants; 
Developing a robust and efficient platform to support our growth


Sourcing good-quality products only from suppliers who comply with our ethical trading policy; • 
Maintaining strong relationships with our suppliers, service providers and other stakeholders; and 
• Ensuring that our company yalues are reflected in everything that we do through our Ways of Working 0,NoW) framework. 
Principle 2: Board composition Details of our Board members can be found on page 8. 
Our Chairman leads the Board and takes account of the views of all Directors. Although there are no independent directors on the Board, our Directors are experienced business leaders and consider the interests of a broad range of stakeholders in their decision-making processes. Having led and held senior executive positions in other leading businesses, the Directors bring extensive experience in retail, hospitality, leisure and financial services to the Group. 
Below the Board, the Chief Executive Officer has responsibility for all operational matters, supported by the Chief Financial Officer and Senior Leadership Team ("SL T"). The SL T members have clearly defined responsibilities and bring operational expertise and experience to the Group. Furthermore, the SL T presents regular briefings to the Board in relation to business issues and developments. This approach enables the Board to make informed decisions on key matters, including strategy and risk management. 
Principle 3: Board responsibilities 
Decisions are made in accordance with the principles of the Group's shareholders' agreement and the constitutional documents for each member of the Group. In reaching their decisions, the Directors also have regard to the Group's obligations to its financial and other stakeholders. In accordance with the Company's articles of association and applicable law, the Directors will not take part in any discussion or decision in which the·y have a conflict of interest. The Company Secretary guides the Directors in relation to such matters. 
The Directors receive detailed reports relating to the operations and perfonnance of the Group via weekly updates and monthly Board meetings. The Remuneration and Audit Committees also support the Board in its decision-making processes. 
Principle 4: Opportunity and risk 
The Group has a comprehensive financial review process, including annual budgets, business plans and regular forecasting. There are a range of perfonnance indicators which are tracked by the SL T and managed through regular operational meetings and action plans. All Directors receive regular and timely information to enable them to perform their duties, including information on the Group's operational and financial performance, customer service, health and safety perfonnance and forward trends. Board meetings are held monthly in order to review these. Furthermore, the Board reviews medium and long-tenn strategy on a regular basis and engages directly with shareholders for their views. In this way, the Board assesses the prospects of the Group using all the information at its disposal. 
The Board also has responsibility for determining the nature and extent of the principal risks the Group is willing to take to achieve its strategic objectives, and for the Group's internal control framework. The Audit Committee oversees the Group's risk management and internal control systems and the effectiveness of all material controls. The principle risks, and mitigating factors, of the Group are disclosed in the Strategic report on page 2


Principle 5: Remuneration 
The Remuneration Committee ensures that levels of compensation across the Group are sufficiently competitive to retain talent within the Group, as well as benchmarking the remuneration packages of the executive Directors and SL T. Additionally, the Remuneration Committee reviews the Group's performance with regard to diversity and inclusion criteria, including annual review of the Group's Gender Pay Gap report. Our most recent report had a median pay gap of 0.2%, comparing favourable to a retail sector average of 9.1 %. 
Principle 6: Stakeholder relationships and engagement 
The Board places great emphasis on communication and engagement with the Group's shareholders and team members. The Chairman and Chief Executive Officer engage regularly with major shareholders to discuss the Group's performance, strategic issues and shareholder investment objectives, and provide regular and comprehensive feedback to the Board. In addition, the Board participates in site visits and conferences for team members and suppliers, most recently in February 2020.
