Drax Power Limited December 2019_conv
Governance arrangements 
Good governance is a key factor in securing the long-term success of our business. During 2019, the Company applied its own corporate governance arrangements. As a minimum, the Company has arrangements in place that largely mirror the Wates Principles, however, some of the· arrangements take into account the need to comply with the UK Corporate Governance Code which is applied throughout the Group. 
Our purpose 
Our purpose is to enable a zero carbon, lower cost energy future. Through our purpose we are aligned both with the UK's commitment to become carbon neutral by 2050, and with wider public recognition of the need for positive action on climate change. 
Values and culture 
Our aim is to maintain an open and collaborative culture. Setting the right standards helps to protect the business and the interests of stakeholders. Of primary importance is the safety and wellbeing of our people, and safety is a standing agenda item at management meetings. We also have dedicated health and safety committees to continually review safety practices. 
We are committed to conducting business ethically, with honesty and integrity, and in compliance with all relevant laws and regulations. We do not tolerate any form of bribery, corruption or other unethical business conduct. 
Our compliance framework is set out in the Drax Group ethics handbook, Doing the right thing. The handbook identifies the behaviours expected from our employees and contractors on topics including human rights, ethical business conduct and integrity. Our policies and procedures provide further guidance and instruction, in line with best industry practice. These include our Corporate Crime policy and Gifts and Hospitality, Conflicts of Interest and Due Diligence procedures. 
The Group Ethics and Business Conduct Committee ("EBCC") is responsible for monitoring ethical behaviour and practices across the Drax Group. You can read more about the responsibilities and activities of the EBCC in the 2019 Drax Group pie Annual report.


In 2019, we established and deployed new annual eLearning training, including Data Protection and AntiBribery and Corruption training for all colleagues. Targeted training on Supply Chain Human Rights, the Criminal Finances Act and Fair Competition was provided for managers and teams in higher risk areas. Refresher training was also provided on the Market Abuse Regulation for the Drax Group pie Board, Executive Committee and relevant management and employees throughout the Drax Group. 
We are also committed to the elimination of unlawful and unfair discrimination. We value the differences that diverse workforce brings to the organisation and our goal is to create and maintain a working environment that is both safe and supportive for all of our people. This is reflected in the Group-wide diversity policy. 
Leadership and Succession 
Investing in the development of our people is essential to the delivery of our business strategy. Our Potential and Succession processes enable senior leaders to identify individuals with the skills and capability needed for critical roles. Individuals identified can be nominated for our Future Creators programme. Launched in 2019, the Future Creators programme is designed to develop and retain high-potential individuals and grow our leadership pipeline. Each individual has a personal development plan and a Drax Group pie Executive Committee sponsor. A One Drax award may also be awarded for those identified as having potential to add significant value to the Group. 
Effectiveness and accountability 
Management meet at least once a month to discuss strategic and operational matters. Every month management reviews safety performance and monthly KPls which include Total Recordable Injury rate (TRIR) and Lost Time Injury Rate (L TIR) as well as financial and environmental KPls. Throughout the year management also reviews HR data, risk matters and feedback from stakeholders. There is open debate and constructive discussion at the meetings and there are formal and robust processes in place to ensure the data provided to management is reliable. Those who submit information to management must include considerations of key stakeholders. 
The Group has a number of committees that provide specialist advice and constructive challenge to the directors. Examples include (i) the Generation Operating Review Committee, chaired by the Group CEO and meets monthly, which reviews the operational and financial performance of the Generation business unit and ensures that risks to performance are managed appropriately, (ii) SHEWLEC which meets quarterly and establishes standards for health, safety, environmental and wellbeing issues and reviews performance against those standards including any mitigation of key risks associated with those matters, and (iii) Financial Risk Management Committee which reviews and challenges the effective management of all financial risks, including trading, commodity, treasury and currency risk across the Drax Group. The Board also receives feedback from the Drax Group pie Executive Committee and ultimately Drax Group pie Board. During 2019, Drax Group pie non-executive director John Baxter visited the company's generation facilities. John was able to use his deep knowledge of engineering and safety to provide valuable observations and constructive feedback on outage and safety processes. 
· Risk management 
The Board is responsible for the management of all risks at the Company. There are two committees that. support the Board with this responsibility: • The Safety, Health, Environment and Production Integrity Committee ("SHEPIC"), is responsible for safety, health, environment and production risks. 
• The Commodity and Currency Risk Management Committee ("CCRMC") chaired by the Group Financial Controller, is responsible for commodity trading, counterparty, currency, compliance and regulatory risks. 
All risks are recorded on risk registers and are mapped to one of the Drax Group's Principal Risk categories. Management conduct a 'deep dive' into at least one of the Principal Risk categories each month. Each of the Drax Group's Principal Risk categories are overseen by one of the specialist committees who report to the Drax Group pie Executive Committee and further oversight is provided directly by the Drax Group pie Executive Committee itself.


The internal control environment is based on Group-level financial and operational controls supported by controls within each business unit and independent assurance from internal and external audit. The effectiveness of internal controls at the company is supported by a control risk self-assessment process and reported to the Drax Group pie Executive Committee and Audit Committee. 
Remuneration 
The remuneration of those directors who are also executive directors of Drax Group pie are subject to the Drax Group Remuneration Policy which is approved by Drax Group pie shareholders. The implementation of the Remuneration Policy is the responsibility of the Drax Group Remuneration Committee. The Remuneration Committee may apply discretion to the remuneration of those directors to override formulaic outcomes of variable pay programmes to ensure that pay appropriately reflects company and individual performance. Where any discretion is applied, the justification is clearly stated. The Remuneration Committee considers external market benchmarking data to inform executive remuneration decisions. External market benchmarking data is also considered in relation to remuneration decisions of the wider workforce. Details of the Drax Group Remuneration Policy can be found on pages 91 to 102 in the 2019 Drax Group pie Annual report and accounts. 
Directors across the Group also participate in a Long-Term Incentive Share Plan. An award from the LongTerm Incentive Share Plan is subject to the achievement of Group-wide performance conditions which align with the long-term interests of the Company and the Drax Group. 
The Drax Group Diversity and Inclusion working group monitors diversity and inclusion across the Drax Group, including the gender pay gap. The gender pay gap is monitored across individual business units so that actions to address the pay gap can be appropriately considered for each business unit. The working group works with the HR function to suggest and implement initiatives to reduce the gender pay gap and promote diversity. 
Working with our stakeholders 
Engaging with our stakeholders is fundamental to our success. We recognise that to achieve our purpose, we need to listen to, and work with, a diverse range of interested parties. For more information on our stakeholders, how we engage with them and have regard to their interests, please refer to the Strategic Report.
