Corporate Goverannce 
In line with good practice, the directors and its senior management team adhere to the highest standards of corporate governance which are reflected in the way the group is managed in terms of its purpose and engagement with all stakeholders. The group rewards measures to sustain future prosperity and operates within a specific corporate governance framework, which is aligned with governance codes including the Wates Corporate Governance Principles for Large Private Companies. 
The Strategic Report highlights key elements of the group's Purpose which is "to be loved by its customers for inspiring and nourishing their desire for delicious food and drink". The culture of the group is fuelled by this purpose that promotes one tean1, one goal. Our Purpose and its principles are used in eve11·day engagements from the boardroom to the shop floor and are reviewed regularly to maintain a keen focus on People, Product and Place. 
The Board and its senior management team constitute an appropriate blend of family members, experienced industry experts and an independent non-executive who challenges the effective running of the company. TI1e approved transformational plan to restore sustained profitable growth is regularly reviewed in meetings and is aligned to all stakeholders' needs. Long-term value is promoted in all decision making with risks; especially Health, Safety, Food Hygiene and Environment being discussed at least quarterly and actions taken to continually improve operations in these areas. The Board takes a serious view of its fiduciary responsibilities in ensuring that the group is configured for sustainable growth. 
Audit, Remuneration and Nomination functions are dealt with by the board as a whole with the non-executive directors undertaking scrutiny of subjects where conflict or personal interest arises. All matters in connection with the aforementioned are brought to the board for consideration and ratification as required. External professional advisors are engaged on matters of subjectivity if needed.

