CORPORATE GOVERNANCE STATEMENT 
In 2019 new regulations came into force requiring disclosure of our corporate governance arrangements. The Board has considered its governance and has determined to apply the Wates principles. This is the first year in which we have had the opportunity to review our practices against these principles and we will continue to monitor them in the light of future developments in this area. 
Purpose and Leadership 
Good governance is essential to the successful delivery of our strategy and the way in which our business operates on a day to day basis. The Board is committed to maintaining the highest standards across the Company for the benefit of all our stakeholders.

Purpose and Leadership (continued) 
Our strategy is to provide the highest possible service to trade customers. We operate in a multi-branch business with a high level of decentralisation backed up by strong controls and a reward structure that is based on local performance and individual contributions. The ability of our branch managers to determine all aspects of their businesses ensures they are strongly focused on providing the best service to their customers, supporting our key suppliers to get their products to market and employing, retaining and rewarding a high quality team. 
As a decentralised business we try to take decisions as close to the customer as possible. However, the Board is strongly aware that it has ultimate responsibility for the actions that are taken. It reserves certain key decisions to the Board, such as senior appointments, funding of operations, acquisitions and appointment of auditors. Day to day operations are managed with the oversight of an operational management team comprising the Managing Director and Finance Director, together with senior commercial and regional manaQers. Minutes of these meetings are provided to all Directors. 
In addition to the day to day monitoring of operating performance, members of the Board meet with each branch manager once a year for a formal review of the performance of their business and of their plans for the following year by way of a detailed analysis of the business. This is supplemented by a mid-year review of progress to enable adjustments to be made in the light of market developments. 
All members of the Board together with the senior management team actively p·romote our decentralised · philosophy and seek to coach and help the branch managers and their teams to maximise their long term rewards. Our values of integrity, fairness, teamwork, hard work and personal responsibility support this and ensure we meet the needs of our customers and suppliers. These are supported by a commitment to the recruitment of high calibre staff and ongoing training and development at all levels. 
We are committed to complying with all legal requirements and to operating to the highest ethical standards. All staff are made aware of our ethics policy and are expected to adhere to it. 
Composition of the Board 
Douglas McNair is Non-Executive Chairman. He leads the Board and is responsible for its effectiveness. Gordon Love is Deputy Chairman and was previously Managing Director. Mark Felber is Managing Director and Philip Elsegood is Finance Director. The other non-executive Directors are Roger Goddard, Finance Director of Marlowe Holdings Limited, our UK parent company, and Bill Woof, our Corporate Legal Counsel. All the Directors have been members of the Board for at least nine years and collectively have an appropriate combination of skills, backgrounds, experience and knowledge. In the event of new appointments to the Board, consideration will be given to the appropriate balance of expertise, diversity and objectivity. 
Directors are encouraged to pursue appropriate professional development to assist them with performing their duties. The Chairman reviews the performance of the Board and individual Directors annually in consultation with the shareholders. 
Directors' Responsibilities 
The Company has clear policies and practices governing its internal affairs. These are set out in Standard Practice Instructions (SPls) and other internal documents such as the Company Treasury Policy. The Directors are fully aware of their responsibilities as set out in our Section 172 statement.


Directors' Responsibilities (continued) 
All Directors receive copies of the monthly management accounts including the individual branch performances. These are also provided to our shareholders. 
If conflicts of interest arose, these would be discussed with the Chairman and appropriate processes would be put in place to manage them. Opportunity and Risk 
The long term success of the business depends on constantly striving to improve our performance through the review processes set out above and on maintaining the decentralised model and related reward structure. Where opportunities for opening new business locations arise these are approved through a capital expenditure approval process. Acquisitions are made after a thorough due diligence process by an experienced team supported by outside advisers as appropriate and with Board approval. 
The Board monitors risks facing the business and identifies any that are emerging. It works with the operational management team to ensure that risks are appropriately managed and that there are clear responsibilities for this. Details of the major risks are set out elsewhere in these financial statements. 
There is an active programme of internal audit which monitors compliance with our SPls. The safety of our workforce and of visitors to our premises is of paramount importance. We have a programme of Health and Safety training and monitoring and constantly evaluate our procedures as a result. 
Remuneration 
The remuneration of the Chairman is determined by the shareholders. Other Directors' remuneration is set by the Chairman in consultation with the shareholders. Remuneration comprises basic salary, which is set in the context of industry norms, pension contributions or equivalent additional salary, company car or salary alternative, medical cover and an annual bonus. The annual bonus is discretionary and is allocated out of the total generated by the individual branch reward calculations. This ensures total alignment between the success of individual branches and the shareholders' interest in overall performance. There are no other elements of remuneration. 
Stakeholder relationships and engagement 
The principal stakeholders in the business are the shareholders, employees, customers and suppliers. Other stakeholders include pension scheme members, regulators, the Government and the communities in which we operate. 
Members of the Board liaise regularly with our shareholders who receive monthly management accounts. The shareholders also regularly attend our annual review meetings with branch managers. 
As a highly decentralised business with over 300 branches we operate a cascade system of staff briefing through regional managers and branch managers to keep employees informed of matters that are of importance to them, including the financial performance of their business. These briefings are two way, with concerns passed upwards as necessary. There is a clearly stated whistleblower policy in place supported by a dedicated confidential hotline.


Stakeholder relationships and engagement (continued) 
Our customers are key to the success of our business and our management and staff are encouraged to engage regularly with them. This ensures we are meeting the customers' needs and that they know the level of service we aim to provide. Key account managers and regional managers are responsible for the relationship with major customers. In addition, we play a major role in support of the Electrical Distributors' Association, our industry's trade body and we attend all their major functions. 
We support our suppliers through our commercial programmes. We encourage suppliers to provide training in their products to our staff so that they can ensure customers are aware of suitable products. We have an annual supplier meeting for our key suppliers along with regular visits. Whilst overall terms are agreed by our commercial team, branch managers are encouraged to work with suppliers at a local level to obtain specific terms to support customer projects. We. have a strict policy of ensuring that suppliers are paid promptly and to agreed terms. 
Our pensions department has an active programme of communicating with members to keep them informed on relevant matters and to help them as they develop their retirement plans. 
We have policies to ensure compliance with UK laws and regulations and we communicate these requirements within the organisation as appropriate. We conduct our tax affairs in a way that ensures compliance with applicable laws and regulations and we maintain an open dialogue with the UK tax authorities. All taxes are paid as they fall due and we have support from our external advisers to help ensure we meet our obligations. 
Our branches operate across the UK and we encourage our staff to play a full part in their local communities. We fully support the Electrical Industries Charity on many levels. In addition, we make significant charitable donations in support of the arts, health and education. 
We are aware of our responsibilities to the environment. We have taken a leading role in the promotion and supply of green energy materials including solar panel systems and LED lighting. We have also deployed these within our own buildings. We supply electric vehicle charging systems and have encouraged the use of hybrid vehicles within our fleet. As far as practicable we endeavour to reuse supplier packaging for our own customer deliveries to minimise waste.

