GOVERNANCE 
As set out in the Wates Disclosure section of the Annual Report on pages 50 to 53, the Group has applied the Wates Corporate Governance Principles in the current year. 
STRUCTURE AND OVERSIGHT There are four members of the Board, who speak regularly to discuss the key matters of the Group. Manjit Dale is Founding Partner and Gary Lindsay is a Partner of TDR Capital (“TDR”) and they both represent TDR, alongside Mohsin Issa and Zuber Issa, as Directors of Optima Bidco (Jersey) Limited. 
TDR is a leading international private equity firm, managing capital on behalf of institutional, governmental and private investors worldwide. TDR was founded in 2002 by Manjit Dale and Stephen Robertson and invests in medium to large-sized businesses, and partners with them to develop and grow their operations. 
The Board has overall responsibility for ensuring that the Group maintains a system of internal control, to provide it with reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial information that is used within the business. The Group’s organizational structure has clear lines of responsibility. Operating and financial responsibility for subsidiary companies is delegated to operational management. 
DATA PROTECTION AND CYBER SECURITY We are subject to regulations and data protection and privacy laws in all the jurisdictions in which we operate regarding the use of personal data and debit and credit card data. We maintain our own databases and ensure that procedures are in place to ensure compliance with data protection laws and regulations. We also have policies and procedures in place to seek to prevent cyber breaches and carry out detailed root cause analysis on any breach that does occur in order to ensure that similar occurrences do not arise. 
CODE AND VALUES The values of the Group can be found on page 3. STAKEHOLDERS The Board’s approach to business decisions and the long-term impact on stakeholders is presented in the Group’s Section 172 disclosure on pages 48 and 49.


OUR STAKEHOLDERS AND SECTION 172 
We believe that a real understanding of the priorities of our Group’s stakeholders is key to securing long-term success and maximizing value in the business. 
This understanding enables us to consider the potential impact of our decisions on each stakeholder group (in accordance with Section 172 of the Companies Act 2006), communicate effectively and then act in a responsible way. Acting in a responsible manner is at the heart of the Group’s business practice, as set out on pages 41 to 47 – ESG section. 
Through Director and senior management discussions we have identified the Group’s key stakeholders to be: • Customers • Brand partners and suppliers • Colleagues • Investors • Communities 
These principal stakeholder groups are set out in the table opposite, along with why we engage (the reasons why they were identified as key stakeholders) and how we engage with them. 2019 highlights show the progress that has been made in the current financial year. 
Description CUSTOMERS 
The Group exists to serve the needs of our customers, of which we serve up to 24 million every week across the world. 
Why we engage 
• We strive to provide excellent service, quality and choice to each of our customers, at convenient local destinations 
• To increase market awareness and enable quick response to customer trends 
BRAND PARTNERS AND SUPPLIERS 
We partner with prominent fuel brands such as ExxonMobil, BP, Shell and Texaco, well-known grocery and merchandise brands such as SPAR, Woolworths, Carrefour and Louis Delhaize, and globally recognized Foodservice brands such as Starbucks, Burger King, Subway and KFC as well as strong local Foodservice brands such as Greggs and Pomme de Pain. 
COLLEAGUES 
We have an experienced, diverse and dedicated workforce of almost 44,000(1) 
colleagues which we 
recognize as a key asset of our business. 
• To maintain strong long-term relationships 
• To ensure continuity of supply • To provide a relevant and competitive offer for our customers and react to changing trends 
• We have a diverse workforce, which we consider to be a key asset 
• We therefore want to develop and retain talent for the long-term success of the Group 
• To maintain an open dialogue with all of our colleagues 
• We need to comply with different regulations in each of our territories 
INVESTORS 
Our investors and lenders play an important role in our business and growth strategy. We maintain close and supportive relationships with this group of long-term stakeholders, characterized by openness, transparency and mutual understanding. 
COMMUNITIES (1) 
Includes acquisitions completed in the year and 3,700 employees who joined from the Herbert Group in March 2020 
(2) This acquisition completed after the year end


We are committed to supporting the communities in which we operate, including local businesses, residents and the wider public

Our investors are concerned with a broad range of issues, including the Group’s financial and operational performance, strategic execution, investment plans and capital allocation 
• The Group is committed to operating responsibly and to make a significant positive impact and provide opportunities to the communities in which we operate

How we engage 2019 highlights 
• We offer a broad product range to our customers from our well-invested site portfolio. Mystery shopper visits are used to ensure that we offer the best customer service. Offers and promotions are used to drive customer loyalty. A new app has been launched to communicate effectively with our customers and to receive feedback 
• 1,200 additional sites to improve our offering to customers, with continued expansion of our Foodservice offering 
• Over €200m of growth capital expenditure, investing in facilities for our customers 
• The Cumberland Farms acquisition brings a successful food and coffee offering alongside a recognized customer loyalty scheme 
• Ensured that we kept our customers safe through the COVID-19 pandemic with investment in protective screens, hand sanitizer, in-store floor markings and retaining fair pricing on key products such as toilet rolls, hand sanitizer and household food essentials 
• We listen carefully to the concerns of brand partners and suppliers and act accordingly. We have regular meetings at both an operational and strategic level and there are clear service level agreements in place. The Board discusses opportunities with new brand partners and suppliers and how to develop new relationships 
• Renewed agreements with several of our suppliers • A new agreement with Olivers Real Food in Australia • The acquisition (in March 2020) of 145 KFC restaurants in the UK & Ireland from the Herbert Group strengthens our relationship with KFC, as their largest franchisee in Europe(2) 
• Our approach varies by geography but includes employee surveys, town hall and team meetings and engagement with workers councils. Training schemes are in place to ensure we have the highest quality of staff, and talent schemes recognize our high flyers. The Group aims to be an employer of choice 
• A 17,000(1) year-on-year increase in Group employees 
• We have also launched apprenticeship schemes and are the first employer to receive approval from the Association of Accounting Technicians (“AAT”) to run our own in-house training scheme 
• See pages 44 to 46 for further detail on our colleagues 
• Quarterly investor presentations are hosted by the Group Co-CEO, Mohsin Issa, and Group CFO and ad-hoc investor announcements are provided for relevant Company updates. There are also regular calls for investors with the CFO and Investor Relations team 
• International roadshows take place annually • A dedicated online investor portal is updated with presentations, financial reports, trading updates and press releases and an investor mailbox is actively managed by the Investor Relations team 
• We invest time and money in local communities through employees volunteering and via the EG Foundation 
• We pay our taxes and aim to operate responsibly, minimizing our impact on the environment 
• Successful completion of two financing transactions in 2019 in support of the Group’s international growth strategy 
• Development of Investor Relations team and dedicated communication channels 
• Active engagement during well-attended investor presentations throughout the year 
• International coverage including Disabled American Veterans, Children In Need, Swim to Fight Cancer in Benelux and The Salvation Army in Australia 
• Community initiatives during the COVID-19 pandemic such as free coffee for key workers 
• See page 44 for further detail on our work in the community


For the year ended December 31, 2019, under The Companies (Miscellaneous Reporting) Regulations 2018, the Group has applied the Wates Corporate Governance Principles for Large Private Companies (published by the Financial Reporting Council (“FRC”) in December 2018 and available on the FRC website). These corporate governance reporting requirements apply to reporting for financial years starting on or after 1 January 2019 and companies are able to adopt any suitable framework. As the business grows it continues to evolve and whilst on this journey has committed to further develop the governance of the Group in light of the change in its breadth and scope of operations. As part of a reassessment of its governance principles, the Group and its stakeholders believe that Wates is an appropriate framework when making disclosures regarding corporate governance arrangements. 
Principles 1. Purpose and leadership 2. Board composition 3. Director responsibilities 4. Opportunity and risk 5. Remuneration 6. Stakeholders


Principle 1 Purpose and leadership 
An effective Board develops and promotes the purpose of a company, and ensures that its values, strategy and culture align with that purpose. 
PURPOSE EG Group is a leading global independent fuel station and convenience retail operator with a diversified presence across ten countries in Europe and North America. The Group has evolved from a single site in 2001 to >5,800 high-quality sites at December 31, 2019. The Group’s purpose is to deliver a best-in-class fuel, convenience retail experience and food and drink offer that always exceeds customer expectations, thereby promoting the success of the Group. The Board clearly articulates the business model, which is then delivered by senior management under its leadership. 
VALUES AND CULTURE The Group is committed to investing in infrastructure, people, systems and local communities to deliver value to shareholders and other stakeholders. This can be seen in the EG values and business ethos. These values are explained by the Board, integrated into the workforce and used to inform expected behaviors and practice. 
STRATEGY Our core strategy remains the development of a business with an attractive scale and diversification across a range of international markets, which we believe can provide operational synergies across markets and the ability to share best practices across our estate. We distinguish ourselves from our competitors through large, well-invested, non-fuel retail site areas and a differentiated owner-operator model, which drive best-in-class profitability and high last-mile foot traffic which results in higher profitability per site. We look to continue to be a partner of choice for key brands across our offerings, and will continue to evaluate acquisitions of sites that complement and strengthen our portfolio. 
Further information: Strategic report on page 3 which shows the EG vision and values. 
Section 172 on pages 48 and 49 which shows how the Board understands the views of stakeholders and builds relationships with them.


Principle 2 Board composition 
Principle 3 Director responsibilities 
Effective Board composition requires an effective chair and a balance of skills, backgrounds, experience and knowledge, with individual Directors having sufficient capacity to make a valuable contribution. The size of a board should be guided by the scale and complexity of the Company. 
There are four members of the Board, who speak regularly to discuss the key matters of the Group. Manjit Dale is Founding Partner and Gary Lindsay is a Partner of TDR Capital (“TDR”) and they both represent TDR, alongside Mohsin Issa and Zuber Issa, as Directors of Optima Bidco (Jersey) Limited. 
Mohsin Issa and Zuber Issa both hold the position of Group Co-CEO. Each has over 20 years’ experience operating c-stores and they have built a strong senior management team around them. They, along with the senior management team, demonstrate a detailed understanding of the Group’s business needs and stakeholder interests. 
TDR is a leading international private equity firm, managing capital on behalf of institutional, governmental and private investors worldwide. TDR was founded in 2002 by Manjit Dale and Stephen Robertson and invests in medium to large-sized businesses, and partners with them to develop and grow their operations. TDR has an experienced team of investment professionals and operating partners and has a low-volume investment strategy based on principles developed by the investment team over the past decade. TDR seeks to spend significant resources on each investment and to focus on operational excellence through a tested and integrated operating partner model, working in partnership with management through Board representation and professional support. The entrepreneurial Co-CEOs have developed the business from one site in 2001 to the almost 6,000 sites today. They continue to update their skills, knowledge and familiarity with the Group by meeting with senior management and regularly visiting operations (such as visits to sites across the regions). The Board is also regularly involved in investor relations, particularly through quarterly investor presentations led by Co-CEO Mohsin Issa and the CFO. 
The small Board size enables extremely effective decision-making, and in part reflects the entrepreneurial nature of the business and its rapid growth. Recognizing the recent developments that have increased the scale and operations of the business, to enhance the mix of knowledge, skills and experience of the Board, the Group is actively seeking the introduction of Non-executive Directors and a chairperson, which the Group does not currently have, who can bring complementary experience and guidance to assist in the further development of the Group. 
Further information: 
Directors’ report on page 54 which provides further detail on the Board. 


 
The Board and individual Directors should have a clear understanding of their accountability and responsibilities. The Board’s policies and procedures should support effective decision-making and independent challenge. 
ACCOUNTABILITY 
Good governance supports open and fair business, ensures that the Group has the right safeguards in place and makes sure that every decision it makes is underpinned by the right considerations. The Board recognizes the importance of good governance and is looking to strengthen this area as the Group evolves. 
We believe that there are currently no conflicts of interest between the private interests of management and the duties they owe to the Group. The Company Secretary regularly reviews the governance processes to ensure they are fit for purpose and that the Board undertake their work with due care. 
PROVISION OF INFORMATION The Board receives regular and timely information (at least monthly) on all key aspects of the business, including health and safety, risks and opportunities, the financial performance of the business, strategy, operational matters, market conditions and sustainability, all supported by Key Performance Indicators (“KPIs”). Key financial information is collated from the Group’s various accounting systems and reviewed by the Group’s many qualified accountants across the world. The Group continues to invest in enhancing and aligning the accounting systems. The Group’s finance function is appropriately qualified to ensure the integrity of this information and is provided with the necessary training to keep up to date with regulatory changes. The finance function was expanded further after the year end to continue the good progress made in 2019 with further investment planned to reflect the increased scale of the organization. The controls are being developed and will be reviewed by the Group’s Internal Audit function, which was introduced in 2020 and is currently comprised of five people. Other key information (such as KPIs, HR, environmental etc.) is prepared and reviewed by the relevant internal function. 
The Board is focused on supporting the principle of independent challenge through a commitment to introduce Board-level committees attended by Non-executive Directors. 
Find out more on page 55


Principle 4 Opportunity and risk 
A Board should promote the long-term sustainable success of the Company by identifying opportunities to create and preserve value, and establishing oversight for the identification and mitigation of risks. 
The Board seeks out opportunities to create value whilst mitigating risk to the Group. Senior management are responsible for maintaining the internal controls across the Group. 
OPPORTUNITY The Board has clearly articulated the Group’s purpose, and long-term strategic opportunities to deliver this are discussed regularly between the Board and senior management. Acquisition opportunities arise from external relationships supported by internal research. They are analyzed and discussed in detail and approved by the Co-CEOs before binding or indicative offers are made. Short-term opportunities to improve performance, resilience and liquidity are discussed in monthly meetings. RISK The principal risks and uncertainties are set out on pages 34 to 40. These will be documented as part of a risk register in 2020 and reviewed each quarter by the Board and wider management team. The risk register will document the likelihood of occurrence, potential impact, ownership of the risk and possible mitigating actions. The Group introduced an Internal Audit team in the first quarter of 2020 and there is a plan in place to further enhance the internal controls. The Group has inherited a number of legacy systems and is currently implementing SAP S/4HANA to provide the Group with a consistency in reporting and automated controls. In addition, it is reviewing, enhancing and designing new manual controls. The Group is establishing a shared service center in Boston, Massachusetts to support the US business and is ensuring that the business in Australia is prepared for the expiry of the Woolworths Transition Services Agreement in 2020. Whilst not in place for 2019, supported by the above actions, the Group is working towards a controls framework compliant with the requirements of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act 2002. This is not a statutory requirement for the Group but highlights the focus on risk management by the Board. 
Further information 
Strategic report on pages 2 to 47, which includes details on the opportunities for the Group. Principal risks and uncertainties on page 34 to 40. 
Principle 5 Remuneration 
A Board should promote executive remuneration structures aligned to the long-term sustainable success of a company, taking into account pay and conditions elsewhere in the Company. Whilst the Group does not currently have a remuneration committee, the Board reviews remuneration across the Group to ensure that it is appropriate to support the strategy of the Group and to secure and retain high-quality Directors, senior management and their workforce. We are committed to remunerating our people solely on the basis of their ability to contribute to the Group’s objectives. Directors’ remuneration is disclosed in this report. Succession planning and talent retention are both areas of key focus across the Group. The Group has published its Gender Pay Statement on the Group website and is committed to implementing the considerations arising. 
Find out more on pages 44 and 45


Principle 6 Stakeholders 
Directors should foster effective stakeholder relationships aligned to the Company’s purpose. The Board is responsible for overseeing meaningful engagement with stakeholders, including the workforce, and having regard to their views when taking decisions. 
The Board is clear that good governance and effective communication are essential to deliver our purpose and to protect the Group’s brand, reputation and relationships with all stakeholders, including shareholders, employees, suppliers and the local communities in which the Group operates. 
The Board aligns the Group’s strategic direction with its purpose and to the stakeholders’ long-term aspirations for the Group. The quarterly investor presentations led by Co-CEO Mohsin Issa and the CFO represent the primary communications route between the Board and stakeholders. 
EXTERNAL IMPACTS The Board is committed to social responsibility, community engagement and environmental sustainability. It achieves this in part through its commitment to ‘Zero accidents and incidents’ (ensuring the safety of everyone who works with us), being an employer of choice where individuals grow, contribute and succeed, and through the Group’s contribution to local and wider charities. 
STAKEHOLDERS The Group has included a response to Section 172 requirements on pages 48 and 49. The Board holds regular dialogue with the stakeholders of the Group. This is driven by the Investor Relations team who deliver quarterly investor presentations with Co-CEO Mohsin Issa and the CFO, and are available for questions at all other times. This is supported by this Annual Report, which sets out what we believe is a fair, balanced and understandable assessment of the Group’s position and prospects. Our workforce (including colleagues and contractors) is our biggest stakeholder and we believe our regular dialogue, directly with our employees through town hall sessions, or via works councils, is an essential two-way dialogue to receive feedback and to support our desired culture. The EG Foundation has been established in the UK to drive support for the local and wider communities. The Group’s website (www.eurogarages.com), intranet and social media channels provide regular updates on the development of the Group. 
Further information 
Section 172 on pages 48 and 49 which includes details on how the Board seeks to understand the priorities of the key stakeholders through engagement with them. 
ESG on pages 42 and 43 which includes reference to the Group’s commitment to reducing energy usage and carbon emissions.
