WATES CORPORATE GOVERNANCE PRINCIPLES FOR LARGE COMPANIES 
The Element Group has over 6,600 colleagues working from 199 sites in over 30 countries around the world. Element is committed to operating in accordance with the highest standards of corporate governance. The Company is a holding company employing fewer than 2,000 employees. The Company does not meet the qualifying conditions for the financial year to report against the Wates Corporate Governance Principles for Large Private Companies published by the Financial Reporting Council in December 2018. The Board is, however, accountable to shareholders and given that on a consolidated basis the Group would meet the qualifying conditions, is committed to meeting the standards of corporate governance for large private companies as set out in the Wates Corporate Governance Principles for Large Private Companies. This report describes how the Board has applied the main principles of good corporate governance during the period of review, being the year ended 31 December 2019. 
PURPOSE AND LEADERSHIP 
Element is one of the world's leading independent providers of testing, inspection and certification services. We provide services to a diverse range of industries, where failure in service is not an option. At Element, we help to make certain that the materials and products we test, inspect and certify for our customers are safe, quality, compliant and fit for purpose. Our mission is to be the best testing partner in the world and our vision is to be the world's most trusted testing partner. 
Our four brand values drive our everyday behavior: 
Safety: we keep our colleagues and visitors safe; Integrity: we act honestly and fairly to do the right thing; 
Excellence: we set new standards of excellence in everything we do; and 
Partnership: we work together for the benefit of our customers. 
The Board is responsible for the management of Group strategy and the long-term success of the Company. It also oversees the activities and direction of Element Materials Technology Group Limited. 
The Board currently has seven members and includes a combination of Executive and Non-Executive Directors. It comprises the NonExecutive Chairman, two Executive Directors and four Non-Executive Directors. The Board benefits from the wide range of sector experience of its Directors. Details of the Directors and their biographies can be found on pages 50 to 55. 
Allan Leighton is a Non-Executive Director and Chairman of the Board. He has had an extensive and varied business career holding a series of high profile roles for major corporations in the food, retail, FMCG and communications sectors including that of Chief Executive of Asda and Chairman of the Royal Mail. 
Our management team has built a people-first, collaborative culture that enables us to deliver on our commitments. Our passion for testing is demonstrated through our technical, commercial and operational excellence. 
The Board provides leadership to the Group and the directors promote the success of the Company. The Board promotes the Group's culture, purpose and strategy. The Board is responsible for the proper management of Group strategy and direction. It oversees the activities and direction of the Group. The Board meets every month to review the overall performance of the business and also to determine Group-wide strategies and performance. The Board ensures that the Group has the necessary financial and human resources in place to meets its objectives, review management performance and strategy against set objectives and help to deliver long-term success. Details of the matters specifically reserved for the Board are set out on page 61. 
BOARD COMPOSITION
On 31 December 2019, Jo Wetz succeeded Charles Noall as Chief Executive Officer. Jo previously served as Chief Financial Officer and was responsible for all financial, legal, tax, procurement and IT activities within the Group. Charles Noall remains as a Non-Executive Director allowing the Group to benefit from his extensive industry knowledge and sector experience. 
On 31 December 2019, Niall McCallum was appointed as Chief Financial Officer on an interim basis. Niall has been with the Group since 2017 and is now responsible for all financial, tax, procurement and IT activities across the Group. Prior to this role, Niall was Group Finance Director and he remains responsible for the financial operations of the global sector finance activities in addition to ensuring that acquired companies and businesses are integrated with the optimal financial processes and systems. 
Chris Busby (a Non-Executive Director) and Raoul Hughes (a NonExecutive Director) are both partners at Bridgepoint which manages funds holding a majority shareholding in the Company. They both have extensive sector and international experience and make a significant contribution to the activities of and decisions made by the Board. 
On 22 July 2019, Ranjit Dandekar (a Non-Executive Director) joined the Board. He is a representative of Temasek, a minority shareholder of the Company and brings significant international experience to the Group, in particular through Temasek's strong presence in Asia. 
The roles of the Chairman and Chief Executive Officer are separate, clearly defined, set out in writing and approved by the Board. The Chairman is responsible for leadership of the Board and ensuring its effectiveness. The Chairman sets the agendas and timetables for Board meetings, facilitating debate and dialogue during the meetings. The Chief Executive Officer is responsible for the day to day leadership of the Group's business and managing it within the authorities delegated by the Board. 
Ongoing training and development is provided to all Directors to ensure that they keep abreast of relevant regulatory and legislative requirements. During 2019, the Board was briefed on a range of subjects including: monitoring risk management and internal controls; the Group's financial processes; operational excellence and safety initiatives, taxation matters; the UK Modern Slavery Act 2015; antibribery and whistleblowing. 
Directors may seek independent professional advice at the Company's expense where they consider it appropriate in relation to their duties. 
DIRECTOR RESPONSIBILITIES Accountability 
The Board has established and maintains corporate practices that provide clear lines of accountability and responsibility to support effective decision-making. 
The Board is responsible to shareholders for providing leadership and setting the values and standards of the Company and the Group. The Board approves the Group's business strategy and objectives, budget and forecasts and any material changes to them. It reviews significant investment proposals and the performance of past investments and maintains an overview and control of the Group's operating and financial performance. The Board sets policies for monitoring the Group's overall system of internal controls, governance and compliance and ensures that the necessary financial and human resources are in place for the Company to meet its objectives. 
The Board has adopted a schedule of matters reserved for its attention, details of which are set out in the Directors' Report. 
The Board believes that documented roles and responsibilities for Directors, with a clear division of key responsibilities between the Chairman and the Chief Executive Officer, are essential elements in the Group's governance framework and facilitate the effective operation of the Board. Accordingly, the Board has agreed the division of responsibilities between the Chairman and the Chief Executive Officer. 
The Non-Executive Directors scrutinize the performance of the Management. They also have a prime role in succession planning for the Executive Directors. 
Committees 
The Board has delegated specific responsibilities to the Audit and Remuneration Committees to assist it with the direction and control of the Group. These committees, together with the Group Executive Committee, are the principal operating committees of the Group. A Compliance Committee has also been established which will meet at least twice in 2020. If the need should arise, the Board may set up additional committees as appropriate. 
Integrity of Information 
Detailed papers and presentation materials are circulated in advance of Board and Committee meetings to each of the Directors to allow Directors to be properly briefed in advance of meetings. Board and Committee packs include detailed financial and operational information. Presentations are given at the meetings and minutes of previous meetings and the status of agreed actions are considered. Separate strategy meetings and meetings with senior executives are also held throughout the year. 
Key financial information is provided from the Group's accounting and financial systems. The Group's finance team is appropriately qualified to ensure the integrity of this information and is provided with the necessary training and support to keep up to date with regulatory change. Financial information is currently audited by EY on an annual basis. The Group's financial controls are also reviewed by the Group's internal audit function. 
OPPORTUNITY AND RISK Opportunity 
The Group considers its long-term opportunities to create and preserve value as part of its annual strategy review. As described in the Strategic Report, the Group's key objectives include driving strong organic growth across the business; attracting, retaining and developing technical talent; and investing and growing the business through targeted capital expenditure investment and mergers and acquisition activity. The Board promotes these activities with the aim of making the Group the best and most trusted testing partner in the world. 
Risk 
The Board has carried out a robust assessment of the principal risks and uncertainties facing the Company and how those risks affect the prospects of the Company. Please refer to page 28 for further information on the Company's principal risks and uncertainties and their impact on the prospects of the Company. 
The Board leads on the establishment of internal controls and transparent policies that underpin our values and reflect our commitment to conducting business with honesty and integrity wherever we operate. These controls and policies range from health and safety, quality, anti-bribery and corruption to trade compliance and whistleblowing. Policies are widely communicated to colleagues and reinforced through targeted programs and training, as required, to ensure they are understood and adopted.

Element has in place the necessary governance and organizational structures to provide appropriate levels of oversight in audits, risk management and potential conflicts of interest. This is supported by a Group Internal Audit Director who heads a dedicated internal audit function which has significantly enhanced the review and governance of our operations.


RESPONSIBILITIES 
The Group has put in place a range of operating rules, processes, best practices and operating standards. The Board approves a number of reserved matters including mergers and acquisitions, capital expenditure above stated levels, contracts above certain values and other matters. This helps promote the long-term sustainable success of the Company. 
REMUNERATION • 
The Remuneration Committee scrutinizes the performance of the Management and is responsible for determining levels of remuneration of the Executive Directors of the Company and such other senior employees as the Board may determine from time to time. Remuneration is set at a level which allows the Company to attract and retain the best talent who can help deliver the Company's strategic plans. 
The Remuneration Committee makes recommendations to the Board in relation to the Group's remuneration strategy, re~ruitment and incentivization of senior executives. In doing so, the Committee takes advice from independent external remuneration consultants and advisers in relation to best market practise, remuneration benchmarking, diversity of senior management and legislative developments. 
The Group ensures that colleagues are treated fairly and equally regardless of age, gender, nationality, ethnic origin, religion, marital status, disability and sexual orientation. Decisions are made free from bias and we provide a working environment that is respectful, engaging and creates opportunities for all. 
• 
STAKEHOLDER RELATIONSHIPS AND ENGAGEMENT With a diverse team spread across our laboratories and offices 
worldwide, the effectiveness of our communications is key to ensuring that all our people are aligned with the business strategy and are fully aware of the role that they play in making Element successful. 
Our People 
Element is defined by.its people and we are committed to supporting all colleagues across the Group through programs which keep them safe, healthy, engaged, recognized and rewarded. The Group places considerable value on the involvement of its employees and has continued to keep them informed on matters affecting them as employees and on the various factors affecting the performance of the Group and the Company. 
How we listen and engage: • CEO roadshows; • formal and informal meetings; • 
regular Group-wide town hall meetings; 
regular initiatives such as One Element Week and Safety Weeks; regular Group Communications and newsletters; 
• the Company's intranet site; • presentations for employees of the financial and operational performance of the Group; and 
• Employee representatives are consulted regularly on a wide range of matters affecting their current and future interests. 
Further information can be found at the People section on pages 34 to 37 and Directors' Report on pages 60 to 63. 
Our Customers Customers are at the heart of everything we do. How we listen and engage: • Key Accounts Management programs; • Net Promoter Score (NPS) program; • feedback processes throu·gh online and traditional channels; and 
• the Board receives updates on matters relating to customers (e.g. results of customers surveys) 
Further information can be found in the Excellence in Action section on pages 38 to 43.


Our Investors/ Shareholders How we listen and engage: 
• Investor meetings; 
• ongoing dialogue with the Company's major shareholders through a program of meetings; 
• Shareholders Communication; • 
detailed papers and presentation materials are circulated in advance of Board and Committee meetings to each of the Directors; and 
• Board approval of the full year results and the Annual Report and Accounts. 
Our Supply chain 
We are developing long-term, collaborative supply chain partnerships and aim to work responsibly with our suppliers. How we listen and engage: 
• we utilize tender processes and supplier pre-qualification questionnaires to ensure responsible procurement; 
• other members of the Executive Team meet with the Group Procurement Director to understand strategic procurement activities globally and supply chains where relevant; and 
• annual review and approval of the Modern Slavery Statement by the Board. 
Community and environment 
Our approach to corporate responsibility is founded on Element's values; Safety, Integrity, Excellence and Partnership. 2019 has seen the business mature and grow exponentially, with corporate responsibility continuing to play a central role in ensuring we meet stakeholder expectations and our commitment to conduct business responsibly and ethically to protect the health and safety of all our team members, visitors and the communities in which we operate. 
Further information can be found in the Corporate Responsibility section on pages 30 to 33. 
The Company provides a confidential whistleblower service, which is managed by a specialist third party provider, across our global business, giving all colleagues and third parties the opportunity to raise concerns. The service encompasses a telephone hotline, email and web-based reporting facility and is available in relevant languages in all countries in which Element has a presence. This service may be used to report incidents of wrongdoing including fraud, bribery and corruption, discrimination, bullying or harassment, supplier labor practices, modern slavery, tax evasion, breach of competition laws, health, safety and quality matters and environmental concerns. Any whistleblowing reports are reviewed and investigated appropriately.

