STATEMENT OF CORPORATE GOVERNANCE ARRANGEMENTS 
Purpose and leadership 
All ENGIE group companies share the common purpose of 'harmonious progress', under the leadership of the ENGIE group Executive Committee. ENGIE's ambition is to become the world leader in the zero-carbon transition "as a service" for our customers. In the UK, this purpose and ambition is articulated as 'making zero carbon happen' for customers, which is achieved through combining energy, services and regeneration activities for the benefit of individuals, businesses and communities. 
Directors' responsibilities 
Across the UK BU of ENGIE, the Boards of Directors do not apply any specific code of corporate governance given the Company is not listed in the UK and this is not therefore a mandatory requirement; however, relevant corporate governance principles at Group level flow down to the UK companies with regard to matters including director appointments and delegations of authority. The Directors are confident that the alternative arrangements, which have been in place and are operational throughout the financial year, are sufficient to ensure effective management of the Company and interaction with its members and stakeholders. These alternative arrangements comprise a combination of the following: a Board of Directors, composed of Directors with in-depth knowledge of the Company and the sectors in 
which it operates; clearly documented delegations of authority governing the performance of both day to day and key 
activities; oversight and guidance by an "Executive Board" (of which all the officers of the Company form part), that 
oversees ENGIE's activities in the UK and which sets the strategy for the long-term success of the Group; guidance by an independent Advisory Board composed of external experts, who have extensive links to 
ENGIE's customer-base and the communities in which the Company operates; and finally an independent Scrutiny Board (of which the independence is verified by the Centre for Public Scrutiny), 
which assesses the Company's activities (as part of a UK group of companies) against its Responsible Business Charter and specific KPls set therein. The Responsible Business Charter aims to ensure that the Company operates to the highest economic, social and environmental standards while building and maintaining public trust. 
Risk and Opportunity 
Risk and opportunity management is owned at the highest level of the business; the UK Board has a Risk Management Committee which reviews UK risks and the measures taken to mitigate them. The Committee identifies environmental and societal issues and transforms them into opportunities for the business as well as managing environmental, social and governance (ESG) risks associated with the Company's activities that relate to the environment, local and international acceptability, health and safety, human resources management, ethics and governance. 
Within the Company, the management of individual contracts are required to produce contract-specific aspects and impact registers which identify risks and opportunities and include mitigation measures. Any activities that are deemed significant, post-mitigation, must have further actions identified and implemented to manage the associated risks.

Board composition 
All UK BU entities report into the UK BU CEO, Nicola Lovett, and her Executive Board. The Board ensures that the UK BU operates to the highest economic, social and environmental standards - leading the business in-line with the stated values of the organisation. 
The Board is supported by a robust business management system (including business continuity and succession plans)- ensuring that roles are consistently and fairly filled with highly experienced individuals. 
Decisions of the Board are scrutinised by a framework of separate parties: The Board of ENGIE Group holds ultimate oversight over the UK BU; Independent oversight is received from the UK Advisory Board, led during 2019 by Sir Mike Rake; The ENGIE UK Board also employs an independent Scrutiny Board, led by Lord Kerslake - which 
measures the UK Business Unit's adherence to its self-administered Responsible Business Charter. Remuneration 
The ENGIE UK BU Executive total remuneration is reviewed by the ENGIE Scrutiny Board and was deemed to be fair, proportionate and timely in relation to corporate performance, in comparison with peers and employees. 
The salary of all Executives in the UK BU is set by the parent company, ENGIE S.A., and aims to support longterm success by linking bonus, salary increases and long-term incentives to a set number of financial and managerial targets, along with a view on market positioning. The same approach to bonus and salary is used for employees below the executive level (where eligible). 
Stakeholder relationships and engagement 
When managing stakeholder relationships, all activity adheres to ENGIE's Ethics Policy and Gifts and Hospitality Policy, with governance from a Board level Ethics Officer.
