CORPORATE GOVERNANCE STATEMENT 
Equinor UK Limited (the "Company") is a wholly owned subsidiary of Equinor ASA, a Norwegian company, listed on both the Oslo and New York stock exchanges. As a listed company, Equinor ASA complies with the requirement to report on its corporate governance in its annual report which can be downloaded from its website, www.equinor.com. Additional corporate governance infonnation can also be ti.)und on the Equinor website. 
For the year ended 31 December 2019, under The Companies (Miscellaneous Reporting) Regulations 2018, the Company has applied the Wates Corporate Governance Principles for Large Private Companies (published by the Financial Reporting Council ('FRC') in December 2018 (the "Principles") and available on the FRC website). 
Equinor UK Limited application of the Principles throughout the year 2019 is set out below. PRINCIPLE 1 - PURPOSE AND LEADERSHIP The Equinor Group - Corporate organisational structure 
• 
The Equinor group ("Equinor"/ the '·Equinor group"), parented by Equinor ASA was originally founded as a Norwegian oil and gas company which has grown into a broad energy company with activities in more than 30 countries around the globe. The Equinor gioup' s activities include most phases of the oil and gas value chain, from exploration of hydrocarbons through to developing, production and manufacturing, marketing and trading, as well as, a growing renewables business. 
Equinor's identity is set out in the Equinor Book (https://www.equinor.com/en/how-andwhy/sustainability/codes-of-conduct.html), imposing a common framework for who we are and how we work and essentially sets standards for behaviour, performance and leadership. 
Equinor - Who we are Our Purpose is to turn natural resources into energy for people and progress for society. Our Vision is shaping the future of energy. 
Our Values help us set direction, guide our decisions, actions and the way we interact with others. They are: 
►  Open; ►  Collaborative; ►  Courageous; ►  Caring. 
Leaders in Equinor are role models for our values which means always putting the safety and security of our people first, understanding risks and acting with integrity and high ethical standards in everything they do. Our Leadership principles act as a guide for all leaders in Equinor and inspire those with leadership responsibility to: 
"►  Shape our future by, looking for opportunities to improve our operations and business, and act on them: 
►  Empower people by, setting and communicating a clear direction, trusting people to deliver and engage across boundaries; 
►  Deliver results by, making a difference and adding value for Equinor by demonstrating safety leadership and commercial instinct. 
Our Strategy is Always safe, High value, Low carbon. We are committed to long-term value creation in a low carbonf11111re.

Our success depends on thousands of individuals working together where each one makes a difference. Safety is our priority and is integrated in everything we do, and safety expectations are applicable to us all. 
Equinor - How we work Corporate Governance 
Good corporate governance ensures that the Equinor group is run according to our values and for the benefit of our people, stakeholders and society as a whole. It also ensures that everyone has a clear understanding of their roles, responsibilities, rights and accountability. As a public limited company, Equinor adheres to Norwegian and applicable international corporate governance standards and requirements. We also ensure good corporate governance through our values-based culture, stringent ethical requirements, and a Code of Conduct that promotes integrity. 
• 
Equinor's Code of Conduct describes Equinor's code of business practice and the requirements for expected behaviour. The Code of Conduct applies to Equinor UK Limited board members, employees and hired personnel. 
Equinor Ethics Helpline Equinor employees and anyone that interact with Equinor has the right to, and are encouraged to, raise concerns when there is any suspected or potential breach of law or company policies including the Code of Conduct. For.this purpose, Equinor has established the Ethics Helpline, a 24-hour phone service and portal, hosted by a third-party helpline provider, Ethics Point. The Ethics Helpline has been set up to ensure confidentiality and to protect the rights of both the caller and the potential subject of a report. You may choose to be anonymous where permitted by law. The Ethics Helpline enables a two-way communication between the caller and the company. Equinor will not implement sanctions against anyone reporting in a responsible manner. 
Our Performance framework translates our vision, values and strategy into actions and results, creating a clear link to team and individual contributions. In Ambition to Action we translate Equinor's purpose, vision and strategy into meaningful strategic objectives and risks, KPls and actions for each business area. All business areas in Equinor UK Limited have their own Ambition to Action and use it to align their ambitions with Equinor's long-term strategy, disclose their strategic objectives, actions and progress towards targets and create a I ink to individi.1al contributions. 
We have a values-based performance culture in the Company. How we deliver is as important as what we deliver. This means that delivery and behaviour is equally weighted when evaluating the performance of our employees. 
We have developed a Management System to capitalise on the collective knowledge and best practice we have gained over many years. The Management System contains the information we need to set us on the right path when performing our work. It is also one way we ensure safe and efficient execution of activities, reducing risk and saving time and costs. 
Equinor UK organization 
Equinor UK Limited follows the Corporate Governance structure set out in the Equinor Book and the Management System. 
The Equinor organisation in the UK (Equinor UK) is structured to be able to respond to current and future business needs. Equinor's strategy and targets at a group level flow through to the UK business via the relevant business area. Equinor's business areas conduct business through Equinor UK Limited according to the nature of their activities and in accordance with the Equinor group strategy with respect to the UK.

Five distinct business areas are active in the UK and business activities are unde11aken, to varying degrees, through Equinor UK Limited: ►  Development & Production International (DP!); ►  Marketing, Midstream & Processing (MMP); ►  New Energy Solutions (NES); ►  Exploration (EXP); ►  Global Strategy & Business Development (GSB). 
This matrix structure enables us to deliver results in the most efficient way and maximise utilisation of expertise and resources across the Equinor group. Business areas are supported by the corporate staff and support functions active in Equinor UK Limited. 
• 
Equinor UK Limited, in keeping with the Equinor group's vision "shaping the future of energy" and its strategy "Always safe, High value, Low carbon" is committed to turning natural resources into energy for people and progress for society. Equinor UK Limited together with other Equinor companies active in the UK has formulated a UK strategy to deliver on this vision: "Building a broad energy partnership with the UK" ( h ttps ://, vww. equ i nor .corn/content/ dam/stato i 1/ documen ts/u k/uk-bu i Id in g-broad-en erev-com pan v06-20. pd f) Some of Equinor in the UK deliverables and initiatives include: • 
Equinor starting production from the Mariner field in 20 I 9, our first operated development in the UK North Sea. The field is expected to produce more than 300 million barrels of oil over the next 30 years. Mariner supports over 700 long term jobs and is one of our most innovative offshore developments. 
• 
Equinor has over 20 years' experience in safely storing carbon emissions and producing hydrogen from natural gas. Equinor has supplied energy to the UK for over 35 years and is proud to be part of the Zero Carbon Humber alliance that seeks to make the region the UK's first net zero industrial cluster. 
• 
Equinor invests in future generations through sponsorship in supporting education in Science, Technology, Engineering and Maths (STEM) as well as understanding digitalisation and renewable technologies in local communities and equipping young people with the knowledge and skills needed to participate in and contribute to UK society and the future of the energy industry. 
• 
Equinor is partnering with SSE Renewables to deliver Dogger Bank - the world's biggest offshore wind farm and an important milestone in the UK's transition to renewable energy. Once complete, the wind farm is expected to produce enough electricity for 4.5 million British homes. 
PRINCIPLE 2 - BOARD COMPOSITION 
The Equinor UK Limited Board of Directors is composed to facilitate informed decision making in line with the business activities undertaken by the Company. With regards decision making of the Board, all Board decisions are made by majority vote of the Directors present with each Director having one vote, except in the case of parity of votes where the Chairperson has a second or casting vote: One Director serves as a permanent Chairperson of the Board for the duration of their appointment. 
The Board is made up of one representative Director from each of the five business areas active in the Company (DP!, MMP, NES EXP and GSB), contributing broad expertise and insight on all the Company's activities. Each business area who wants to bring a matter to the board submits this through the relevant Director of Equinor UK Limited representing that business area, having first obtained approval through the decision authorities applicable in that business line. 
The Board regularly invites relevant members of the corporate staff and support functions to advise, inform and report on specific matters with which they are charged, for example, the People and Leadership function often advises and reports on employee matters and the Safety, Security and Sustainability (Safety, Security and Sustainability) function advises on matters of safety and security.

Directors gain knowledge of the wider Company's activities, other than their own business areas, from open discussion with other Directors and invitees at Board meetings, deep dives on topical issues, participating in and having access to the Country Management forum (a platfonn focusing on UK specific strategy, risks, and stakeholders) and its participants and experts, which consolidates the Equinor group's wider activities in the UK. 
In terms of demonstrating diversity, the Board in 2019 consisted of a mix of Norwegian and British nationals and also had a good gender balance. Equinor continues to develop and improve on diversity mix in all aspects in its organisation and offers focused training on Mitigating Unconscious Bias and Inclusive Leadership to all leaders. 
Directors are further guided in their duties by the 'Equinor Board of directors handbook' which sets out 
· Equinor's expectations for board members sitting on boards of Equinor subsidiaries or joint venture companies. 
On an annual basis, directors of the Company, are required to complete Equinor' son-line Code of Conduct training. The Code ce1titication reminds all of their duty to comply with Equinor values and ethical requirements and creates an environment with open dialogue on ethical issues, both internally and externally. 
In an average year, there are approximately four scheduled Board meetings, with ad hoe meetings held as and when required for the purpose of updates and obtaining relevant approvals from the Board, 
PRINCIPLE 3 - DIRECTOR RESPONSIBILITIES Accountability 
Good corporate governance ensures the Company is run according to our values and for the benefit of our people, stakeholders and society. It also ensures that everyone has a clear understanding of their roles, responsibilities, rights and accountability. 
While Board oversight is maintained, certain decisions are delegated to the business areas with the most appropriate business and industry experience. Each Board member has a clear understanding of their accountability and responsibilities. The Board has developed an annual programme to ensure that relevant matters are addressed. Each business area operating through the Company has its own Organisation, Management and Control document (OMC) (part of the Equinor Management System) which sets out in more detail, the activities for which it is accountable, their organisation, operating model and control processes. 
The Equinor UK Limted Board of directors is accountable for ensuring that the Company's activities executed through different business areas are conducted safely and that policies, standards and procedures contained within the governing documents relating to a business area and its activities are followed and implemented effectively. In addition to their direct reporting lines via their respective business areas, individual Directors are accountable to the Equinor UK Limited Board for ensuring, amongst other things, that their activities are conducted safely and securely and in accordance with the relevant governing documents that apply to the business area as detailed in the Equinor Management System whilst having regard to local law requirements and maintaining a degree of independence and control in the subsidiary. Further the Directors are guided in their duties by the principles set out in the 'Equinor Board of directors handbook'. 
llltegrity of in/ ormation 
Several mechanisms are in place to ensure that board members have appropriate oversight of and involvement in the activities carried out under the Company and can access reliable information sources to make more informed decisions. Other than input from directors representing different business areas, Board meetings are structured to include high level reports/updates of cross-company functions who are charged

with advising the Board and informing their decisions with the right considerations on specific matters. These functions also implement measures within the company in accordance with Equinor group policies with approval from the Board, including but not limited to: ►  People and Leadership (PL) who are responsible for people planning, policies, reward, relations, strategy, competence, and collaboration matters; 
►  Safety, Security and Sustainability (SSU) responsible for developing SSU policies, repoJting on SSU performance, coordinating assurance activities, ensuring that emergency response plans are in place for all activities in the Company; 
►  Finance and Control (F&C) responsible for overseeing financial reporting and quality assurance of statutory reporting; 
►  Legal (LEG) responsible for monitoring and communicating changes in local law, ensuring consistency in the legal function and compliance across the Equinor group, serving as company secretary for the Company; 
►  access to UK Country Management forum to inform on common business themes e.g. political analysts, communication specialists, safety, security and sustainability experts. 
Processes for collection, quality assuring and reporting data is governed by requirements in the Management System and is reviewed regularly by Equinor's internal audit function. 
PRINCIPLE 4- RISKS AND OPPORTUNITIES Risks 
Equinor applies the enterprise risk management approach for managing risks and opportu111t1es. The framework is embedded in our management system and includes methods and processes to manage risks and opportunities related to achievement of our strategic o~jectives. By identifying and proactively addressing risks and opportunities, Equinor can protect and create value for its shareholders. 
The Board of Directors focuses on ensuring adequate control of the Company's internal controls and overall risk management. Equinor UK Limited manages risk to make sure that operations are safe and in compliance with requirements. 
Opportunities 
Long-tenn strategic opportunities are highlighted in principle I. The opponunities are drawn from the business areas and support functions and reflect our ambitions for the next 10 years. Short-tern1 opportunities to improve performance are managed in Ambition to Action by each individual BA. 
Re.\ponsibilities 
In Equinor UK Limited, risks are identified and managed by the individual BA line managers. This is based on the principle that risks and opportunities are owned and mitigated by the business line in which they arise and impact. Examples of such risks are major accident risk and risks related to the operational efficiency of our assets. 
To mitigate our most significant risks we have established policies and requirements embedded in our management system. One example is the Corporate Major Accident Prevention Policy (CMAPP) WR2527. The purpose of CMAPP is to provide a high-level summary of the arrangements in place for management and control of major accident risk across all Equinor UK Limited operated activities. 
For an overview of risks and their mitigation, see page 4 in the Strategic report.

Controls 
Equinor UK Limited has identified and documented key controls, covering all aspects of the company's operations. Each key control is assigned to at least one individual who takes ownership of the control and is required to complete a sign-off an on-line tool on a quarterly basis to confirm compliance. The controls are assigned to individuals in all BAs. We are working to continuously improve how we document our internal controls. 
In designing and evaluating our disclosure controls and procedures, our management at a Corporate level, recognised that any controls and procedures, no matter how well designed and operated, can only provide reasonable assurance that the desired control objectives will be achieved, and that the management must necessarily exercise judgment when evaluating possible controls and procedures. Because of the limitations inherent in all controls systems, no evaluation of controls can provide absolute assurance that all control issues and any instances of fraud in the company have been detected. 
PRINCIPLE 5- REMUNERATION 
Equinor UK Limited follows the Equinor global corporate reward principles in setting our Total Reward offering of compensation and benefits. Total Reward is designed to: • 
• • • • 
Be an integral part of our performance framework; Reflect company performance and financial results; 
Be differentiated according to responsibilities and performance; Ensure a sustainable cost level; 
Be transparent, non-discriminatory and fair. 
Ultimately our aim is a reward offering which reflects local market con"uitions and recognises and rewards performance equally on what we deliver and how we deliver. 
Equinor's career model consists of a leadership and professional pathway, and employees are encouraged to develop across both. The model describes Equinor's expectations for different roles and opportunities to develop. Each job band in Equinor UK Limited has a salary range attached to it, with employees remunerated within the applicable band based on their experience and performance. Directors and senior management in Equinor are remunerated in the same way as other employees. 
In our 2019 gender pay gap report we disclosed figures for 342 employees of Equinor UK Limited as required and based on April 2019 data. 2019 sees a reduction in both the mean and median gender pay gap for Equinor UK. There has been an increase in the gender bonus gap in the Company which is the result of factors such as gender imbalance amongst senior leadership and within our commodity trading functions. Improvements entail sustained efforts. There is a continued encouragement across all our BAs to bring about diversity in teams and projects. 
Equinor recognises diverse and inclusive working environments as critical enablers of safe operations and innovation. Equinor's commitment to cultivate diversity in the way we work is underpinned by our shared values of being open, collaborative, courageous and caring. 
We aim for gender balance and diversity in all our leadership activities, including talent and succession reviews, leadership assessments and development courses and top-tier leadership deployment. As part of this we pay close attention to positions and discipline areas dominated by employees of one gender. We continue to strengthen diversity and inclusion in Equinor by embedding it into our key human resources processes, such as recruitment, succession planning, performance management, and leadership development. We are committed to developing awareness of how a diverse workforce contributes to stronger business performance and mitigate unconscious biases. During 2019 classroom and on line training
on unconscious bias were delivered through the UK organisation, including leadership teams and our external providers. 
PRINCIPLE 6-STAKEHOLDER RELATIONSHIPS AND ENGAGEMENT 
Good governance and effective communication are essential on a day-to-day basis to deliver on our vision and strategic ambitions to add and protect value, and to safeguard the company's brand, reputation and relationships with all our stakeholders. 
We also recognise that aligning Equinor UKs strategic ambition and direction with key stakeholders is vital to delivering on our strategic ambitions. Equinor UK Limited has a broad range of stakeholders, however, the most important are the parent company, workforce, joint venture partners, suppliers, UK government, industry associations and local communities .. 
\Vorkforce and employee engagement 
The Board and management team engage employees using a variety of communication channels. Formal channels include the offshore safety committee meetings and UK Works Council. 
The offshore safety committee's main role is to help promote and develop measures to ensure the occupational health and safety of the workforce on the offshore installations, through co-operation between management and the workforce. The UK Works Council is a forum of elected employees and management representatives which sit a minimum of three times a year, as well as meeting in extraordinary circumstances. The purpose of the Council is to promote and foster an open environment in which employees at all levels of the Equinor UK organisation engage in constructive dialogue, collaboration and consultation relating to strategy, performance and matters affecting them in their employment. On an annual basis, employees of the Equinor group are encouraged to participate in the Global People Survey (GPS). Equinor UK Limited complies with the survey requirements and the survey timetable. This survey is critical for evaluating and improving key topics that impact safety, working environment, engagement and the drive for continuous improvement and change. Informally, employees are encouraged to comment on organisation strategy, direction and commercial activities as well as personal insights using internal social media, such as Yammer. 
Suppliers 
Equinor UK Limited is committed to using suppliers who operate consistently in accordance with our values, and who maintain high standards for health, safety and environment (1-ISE), ethics and corporate social responsibility. 
• • 
• • 
Supplier deliveries will enable us to maintain competitiveness over time. 
Suppliers help us to ensure safe and efficient operation at our facilities, to realise new projects and to give local ripple effects. 
Supplier spend accounts for approximately 80% of overall spend 
Innovation and continuous improvement initiative: innovation from the supply chain is required to drive efficiency and achievement digitalisation and improvement initiatives. 
To ensure openness and collaborative based sharing of future plans, Equinor UK attends industry stakeholder events within the locations where we operate. 
The Equinor website (www.equinor.com/en/supply-chain) has a dedicated supplier portal communicating activities in our operating locations, detailing how to work with us and has a dedicated contact form for contacting us: (www.cognitoforms.com/StatoilASA/SupplierContactForm).

Supplier engagement is performed via our tiered supplier follow up processes. The system incorporates monthly lwo-way performance reviews which feed into executive level forums with our key suppliers. These discussions influence supply chain strategy, including but not limited to, remuneration and incentivisation models and key performance indicators. 
Equinor UK Limited monitors the effectiveness in paying our suppliers. According to the latest Payment practice report published at Gov.uk the average time for Equinor UK Limited to pay supplier invoices in 2019 was: 22 days with I-day improvement in the second part of the year. 
We expect our suppliers and business partners to comply with applicable la,vs, respect internationally recognised human rights and be guided by the ethical standards set forth in our Code when working for or together with us. We will only establish or amend business relationships if the relationship meets our Integrity Due Diligence requirements. 
Joint venture partners 
Collaborative, strong and constructive relationships with Joint Venture partners are of paramount importance for the Company, and the Company has processes in place to manage the relationship with its Joint Venture partners in order to mitigate risks, increase efficiencies, ensure alignment of interests and maximise the value ofjoint venture assets. 
The Joint Venture partners are jointl); responsible for the management of joint operations and are governed by relevant agreements (e.g. Area Operating Agreement (AOA) for the Mariner JV, Joint Operating Agreement (JOA) for Rosebank .IV). The relationships with Joint Ventures are managed via Joint Operating Committees whose purpose is to exercise overall supervision and control of all matters pertaining to Joint Operations in a manner consistent with Good UKCS Oilfield Practice. Joint Operating Committees meet as a minimum once per quarter in technical, commercial and operating environments. 
The Company continuously focuses on maximising Joint Venture engagement to ensure alignment and delivery against assets' strategy and vision. 
Parent company 
As the parent company of the Equinor Group and the I 00% owner of Equinor UK Limited, Equinor ASA carries out activities on behalf of Equinor UK Limited related to external sales ofoil and gas products, group management, corporate functions and group financing. 
Equinor ASA markets and sells Equinor UK Limited oil and gas production from the UK continental shelf together with the production from other legal entities in the Group. All related party transactions are carried out on an arm's length basis. 
Equinor ASA provides financing to Equinor UK Limited. The intra group financing arrangement is provided as a means of centralisation of the Group's cash and currency and to secure control and risk management. 
Corporate governance and controls in Equinor UK Limited are based on the same principles and tools as in Equinor ASA. Representatives of Equinor UK Limited shall perform their duties in a professional and responsible manner and in line with Equinor ASAs management system.


Government 
As an energy company, Equinor in the UK operates in a carefully regulated industry and has operations in England and Scotland. Equinor maintains close relationships with the relevant parts of the UK government, from central government and relevant ministers and officials, relevant committees in the UK Parliament, the devolved administrations, regulators, local MPs and local authorities. 
Equinor's relationship with the UK government during 2019 included, inter alia, discussion on strategic issues such as the development of a new UK Government Energy White Paper, formal consultations run by the UK Government on various issues, attendance by UK Ministers and officials at Equinor events, and briefing of Ministers, interested politicians, and officials 011 Equinor's operations in the UK. 
Industry associations Oil and Gas UK (OGUK) 
Equinor is an active member of Oil and Gas UK, the leading representative body for the UK offshore oil and gas industry, with representation throughout various technical work.streams. OGUK membership offers an opportunity to shape the industry agenda and work collaboratively with industry peers on policy advocacy and promotion of good practise. Management and representatives represent the Company on a variety of industrv led forums and workgroups, including safety and environment, supply chain, legal, and net zero g~oups and Council meetings. 
Offshore Regulators: 
Oil and Gas Authoritv (OGA). Health and Safetv Executive (HSE) and Offshore Petroleum Regulator for Environment and Decommissioning (OPRED) 
Regulators roles are to regulate, influence and promote the UK oil and gas industry in order to maximise the economic recovery of the UK's oil and gas resources, to ensure that health and safety risks are effectively managed and to regulate environmental activity for offshore oil and gas operations in the UK. Company Directors, Managers and representatives liaise with the regulators in a variety of ways: informal and formal meetings, report submissions and data monitoring as well as facilitating onshore and offshore regulatory inspections. 
Step Change in Safetv 
Step Change in safety is a member-led organisation where the objective is to share and adopt best safety practices for UKCS offshore operations. Oil and Gas Technology Centre (OGTC} 
Equinor is a corporate member of OGTC and a strategic partner of the TechX Pioneer Programme, a technology accelerator and incubator for start-ups. The goal of OGTC is to unlock the full potential of the UK North Sea, anchor the supply chain in North East Scotland and inspire a culture of innovation and transformation.


Local community support 
Active and effective stakeholder outreach is increasingly important in the UK as our business continues to grow. This also includes outreach to our local communities through, amongst other things, monetary donations, employee volunteering and participating in local events. 
Equinor employees in the UK are entitled to use up to 2 working days a year for volunteer activities which are Company supported. Oppm1unities are many and varied and recent examples include engaging with local school children by hosting a Maths breakfast club, IT suppo11 sessions for the elderly and reading sessions vvith school children. 
Alongside local community outreach, Equinor in the UK has a number of sponsorships, which are aimed at supporting the next generation through the promotion of Science, Technology, Engineering and Maths (STEM). 
• We are title sponsor ofWonderlab: The Equinor Gallery at the Science Museum in London. • We are Digital Futures Partner of the Aberdeen Science Centre. • We sponsor a public outreach programme focussed on STEM through the Techfest Festivals in Aberdeen, delivering an annual 2-day STEM event. 
• 
Through the University of Aberdeen Equinor supports an annual scholarship of the Integrated Petroleum Geoscience programme which provides funding as well as a placement project linked to our UK upstream portfi.)lio. 
Equinor has enjoyed a long-standing collaboration with Imperial College since 2013, currently through the sponsoring of 40 MSc scholarships over a 5 year period (2018-2023). The objective is to stimulate research and competence development within strategically important areas for both parties and to hire a proportion of sponsored graduating students. Over the years scholarships have been given within Civil and Chemical Engineering and the Earth Sciences, but the scope is now being broadened into other important areas such as e.g. renewable energy, energy transition and digitalization.
