Corporate governance 
The Company is required by The Companies (Miscellaneous Reporting) Regulations 2018 to make a statement in relation to its corporate governance practices. For the year ended 31 December 2019, the Company has adopted the Wates Corporate Governance Principles for Large Private Companies 
· (published by the Financial Reporting Council (FRC) in December2018 and available on the FRCwebsite). 
The Company's parent company, Eversholt UK Rails Limited (Eversholt UK Rails), has voluntarily adopted the Wates Principles and has made a statement in relation to its corporate governance practices in its Annual report and financial statements for the year ended 31 December 2019 (Parent Governance Report). The Group adopts a number of governance policies and procedures on a group-wide basis, which are adopted and implemented by the subsidiaries of the Group to the extent relevant to their operations. Accordingly, your attention is drawn to the Parent Governance Report. 
The purpose of this Report is to explain these principles and how they apply to the Company for the financial year reported. 
Principle 1 - Purpose and leadership The Group was one of three Rolling Stock Companies formed on the privatisation of British Rail. 
The Company is a wholly owned subsidiary of Eversholt UK Rails and leases the majority of the Group's rolling stock. The Group has adopted a clear statement of its strategic vision, which was formalised in October 2016 and last updated in November 2019. This Group's strategy is actively promoted throughout the year and is also included in policy documents which are available to all employees through the Group's intranet. • 
Vision 
To be recognised as the expert provider of transport asset financing and asset management for the long term. 
The Group's strategy has two strands, which are to: 
• Optimise our current portfolio through maximising asset utilisation and investing to enhance residual value (RV); and 
• Develop opportunities for further growth in the transport sector. To achieve these aims, the Group focuses on six strategic themes: • • • • 
Maintain Value Enhance Value Add Value Acquisitions 
• Great People • Great Processes 
Maximise asset utilisation and manage assets over life; Invest to improve the attractiveness of our trains; Grow our portfolio through selective new build; Grow our portfolio by selective purchase of in-service fleets and other rail related assets/infrastructure; 
· 
Invest in the future of our people; and Enable efficient working. 
The Group has identified four shared values (aspiration, integrity, accountability and discipline) that are central to the creation and maintenance of a culture within the business which empowers each member of the workforce to contribute to the successful pursuit of the Group's strategic aims, and to forge strong relationships with the Group's external stakeholders. 
In pursuit of its vision, the Group maintains a relentless focus on safety, validated by an External Safety Panel as explained in further detail below. 
Principle 2 - Board composition The Board of the Company comprises the Group's Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer. The Group Chief Executive Officer also sits on the board of Eversholt UK Rails ("Parent Board"). 
The Board operates within the framework of the Group's overall strategy as set by the Parent Board. The composition and operation of the Parent Board is set out in more detail in the Parent Governance Report. The Board c_9.nsiders that its size and composition is appropriate to its function as an asset holding company within the Group.


Principle 3 - Director responsibilities The Board of the Company is responsible for oversight of the Company's activities, within the strategic framework set by the Parent Board. Each Board member has a clear understanding of their respective responsibilities and their accountability for discharging this role. 
The Group has adopted a formal governance matrix and business approvals framework which prescribes the scope of authority of the Chief Executive Officer and other members of the executive management team, and reserves key business decisions to an appropriate decision maker within the Group. In addition to this, a formal policy and process for major business approvals and the control of expenditure has been adopted. 
For the financial year reported the Board was supported by three principal operational committees: • 
the Executive Board; 
• • 
the Business Management Board; and the Operational Safety Committee. 
Each of these committees operated under formal terms of reference, and their function and roles are described below. 
The Company Secretary acts as secretary to the Board and each committee. The Company Secretary ensures that relevant papers are circulated in advance of meetings to ensure informed decision-making. 
The Executive Board The Executive Board was chaired by the Chief Executive Officer and met monthly to provide a forum for cross-functional discussions of all key business issues facing the Group, and served as the forum for decision-making and approvals within the Group as dictated by the Governance Matrix. The other members of the Executive Board were the Chief Financial Officer, Chief Operating Officer and the Client Relations Director, with the Head of HR attending when required. 
The Executive Board operated within the scope of authority established by the governance matrix and the business approvals framework. The Executive Board reported regularly to the board of Eversholt UK Rails and the Company. 
Business Management Board ("BMB") The BMB was chaired by the Chief Executive Officer and comprised the members of the Executive Board and the heads of the Group's core functions - Engineering, Commercial, Corporate Services, Fleet Management and Legal. It met weekly to oversee a range of operational matters. 
As part of its focus on continuous improvement, the Group undertook a review of its governance structures and operational committees to maximise their effectiveness and efficiency which took effect from 1 January 2020. 
Principle 4 - Opportunity and risk Opportunities For the financial year reported, the Executive Board was the principal forum for the assessment of strategic opportunities, which were considered as part of its monthly meetings. Identified opportunities were considered and approved at Board level where required by the governance matrix and business approvals framework. 
Business risk The Board is responsible for the identification and management of risk within the Company, with Group risks considered by the Parent Board. The boards are supported by a dedicated Audit and Risk Committee. The Audit and Risk Committee reviews the Group's internal and external audit processes, together with the Group's principal strategic, operational and financial risks. The committee meets at least twice a year; and more frequently as required. The Audit and Risk Committee operates under formal terms of reference and is composed of two directors of Eversholt UK Rails and two representatives from the Group's owners.


Industry-specific operational risks The Group operates in an industry where the assessment and management of operational safety risks is of paramount importance. 
The Group maintains an Operational Safety Committee ("OSC") and an External Safety Panel ("ESP"). The OSC is chaired by the Group's Chief Engineer which met six times in 2019 and is primarily responsible for the review of safety incidents and management of safety risks. 
The ESP is comprised of Eversholt UK Rail's senior independent non-executive director, together with two representatives with significant operational experience within the UK rail industry and a further transport industry executive. The inclusion of a committee member with experience from outside the rail sector provides an independent perspective and the opportunity for the Group to learn from best practices in another transport sector. The ESP is chaired by the Company's senior independent non-executive director and reports annually to the board of Eversholt UK Rails on the operation of the OSC. The role of the ESP is to provide an independent forum to review the work of the OSC and to report to the board of Eversholt UK Rails on the OSC's work and its ongoing effectiveness. The ESP meets quarterly and is authorised to review the OSC's working papers. The ESP is empowered to require the OSC to undertake new or additional work to determine and address operational risks as it considers necessary. 
Principle 5 - Remuneration The Company does not have any employees. The Directors receive no additional remuneration for their role as directors of the Company in addition to their executive employment by Eversholt Rail Limited. The Parent Governance Report discusses the approach taken to executive remuneration within the Group. 
Principle 6 - Stakeholders The Group is committed to creating a diverse and inclusive environment for all those with whom it works. As such, it recognises the importance of maintaining strong relationships with its stakeholders in order to create sustainable long-term value, and the Board encourages active dialogue and transparency with all its stakeholder groups. Fostering business relationships is key and its importance reiterated in the Directors' report. 
The Group has identified four principal external stakeholder groups relevant to the Company's business: • 
train operating companies and freight operating companies- the Group's customers; • • • 
industry regl!!._ators - principally the Office of Rail and Road (ORR), the Department for Transport, Transport Scotland, Transport for Wales and Transport for London (in their role providing funding and strategic direction for major rail projects), and other public bodies involved in the UK rail industry; 
the Group's suppliers - train manufacturing companies and other suppliers who supply and maintain rolling stock; and 
the Group's external lenders. In addition the Group's owners are a key internal stakeholder. 
More broadly, the Group is aware of the environmental impact of the operation of its leased fleet and seeks to minimise this through its fleet maintenance and procurement policies, as described below. 
Train Operating Companies ("TOCs'J The Group operates under a formal Code of Practice (available at https://eversholtrail.co.uk/downloads/), which governs its dealings with TOCs. The Code sets out the Group's approach to the market and is designed to provide appropriate assurances for customers as to the manner in which the Group's TOC customers can expect to build constructive relationships with it.


Key provisions of the Code include commitments to: • 
building long-term relationships with customers; • • 
support customers in providing passengers with a safe, economically efficient and reliable railway service; and 
fair and reasonable leasing terms, in particular at franchise renewal. 
Amendments to the Code will be made in consultation with the ORR. The Group operates a formal complaints procedure in relation to any alleged breach of the Code. 
The Group maintains regular dialogue with all TOCs (franchised and open-access), customer freight operating entities and their parent groups through a dedicated Client Relations Director. 
Regulators and other public bodies involved in the UK rail network. 
Whilst not directly regulated itself, the Group maintains a close relationship with the ORR - the independent safety and economic regulator of the UK rail industry. 
The Group is committed to assisting national and regional rail sponsors, including the Department for Transport, Transport Scotland, Transport for Wales, Transport for London, Transport for the North and Transport for the West Midlands during their respective re-franchising processes and throughout the operation of the rail franchises and concessions. The Group also engages with other rail stakeholders, such as Transport Focus and the Association of Community Rail Partnerships, as well as contributing to a number of cross-industry working parties. 
A consistent, structured approach is applied to all the above relationships. Regular engagement at working level is complemented by senior-level reviews focused on strategic aspects, together with ad hoe meetings as necessary to support specific joint programmes and initiatives. During refranchising competitions a dedicated, cross-disciplinary Bid Team led by a senior manager is established to engage with bidders and provide them with all information necessary to support their bid submissions. 
Suppliers The Group holds multiple contracts with key business and safety critical suppliers that deliver a range of services. These services help support the safe operation of the Group's trains on the railway and enhance the residual value of its fleets. Securing the right capability and capacity from the Group's supply base is critical to helping the Group manage its operational risk and enhance its reputation with its customers. 
The Group takes a relationship-based approach with its suppliers, focusing on clear and timely communication. The Group holds quarterly business reviews with its key strategic suppliers. These reviews encompass a wide range of activities including health and safety, delivery performance, engineering support, future plans and provide a forum for delivering feedback from our key stakeholders to the supplier. In addition to these reviews and to help support the operational rieeds of the business, the Group's project managers hold regular fleet reviews with suppliers and customers to ensure compliance with the particular requirements of the project and to discuss any issues either party may have that may impact delivery of these requirements. 
External lenders The Group regularly engages with its banks and institutional investors. A key forum for dialogue with these stakeholders is the Group's annual management presentation, at which a review of the previous financial year and outlook for the coming year is shared. This provides stakeholder representatives with the opportunity to hear from the Executive management team, ask questions about the business and engage in informal discussions with management. The Group also shares annual and semi-annual financial statements and investor reports detailing key events in the development of the business ..


Owners The Group maintains close relations with its shareholder with representatives of that shareholder sitting on the Parent Board. 
Environment The Group is committed to reducing the environmental impact of its leased fleet. All of the Group's new diesel fleets are compliant with modern engine emission legislation and its new electric fleets are fitted with regenerative braking, putting power back into the overhead line. 
The Group is pursuing a series of green initiatives in relation to its fleet. These include: • 
• • • 
fitting a number of fleets with a driver advisory system which enables drivers to operate the train in a more power efficient way; 
ensuring that scrapping processes for life-expired rolling stock maximises the amount of recycled materials; and 
launching a new initiative to modify one of its electric fleets to fit a battery to allow it to operate on nonelectrified lines, thereby eliminating the requirement to use a diesel train. 
Further information on the Group's participation in industry discussions in response to the UK Government's challenge to the UK rail industry to remove all diesel-only trains by 2040 is set out in the strategic report within the Annual report and financial statements of Eversholt UK Rails for the year ended 31 December 2019.
