Corporate Governance 
The Directors consider that effective corporate governance is a key factor underlying the strategies and operations. FCE lists only debt securities; it therefore has fewer reporting obligations than a company with listed equity. 
The Company has applied the Wates Corporate Governance principles during the financial year, as detailed on page 26. In practice these high level principles are embedded within, and supplemented by, the Company's existing governance practices as required by the PRA in, among other things, the General Organisational Requirements chapter of its Rulebook and by the FCA in, among other things, its handbook SYSC Senior Management Arrangements, Systems and Controls. Compliance with such matters is assured through the Company's three lines of defence model and by ongoing supervision by its regulators. 
Directors are satisfied that the Board meets the desired outcomes from a regulatory standpoint in that they have: • 
established a sustainable business model and a consistent strategy; • • 
through the Risk Committee, articulated and overseen a clear and measurable risk appetite against which business options and performance are actively assessed; and 
met its regulatory obligations, has been open with the regulators and has set a culture that supports prudent management. 
As part of its continuing authorisation, the Company periodically is subject to the PRA's Supervisory Review and Evaluation Process, part of which includes the examination of the Company's business model, the fitness of the Company's governance arrangements and how risks are addressed.

The Wates Principles 
Principle One: Purpose An effective board promotes the purpose of a company and ensures that its values, strategy and culture align with that purpose. 
The Business Model and Strategy to deliver the Company's purpose, namely its alignment with Ford's strategy as agreed by the Board, are set out on page 4. Examples of how directors have promoted that strategy are set out in the section 172 statement. FCE's corporate values are aligned with those of Ford (the 'Ford Truths'). A principal value is that employees act with integrity and demonstrate ethical behaviour. as set out in Employee Handbooks and related policies, approved by the Board. Examples of how the Board has identified and acted upon a number of cultural opportunities aligned with the Ford Truths are set out in the section 172 statement. 
Principle Two: Composition Effective board composition requires an effective chair and a balance of skills, backgrounds, experience and knowledge, with individual directors having sufficient capacity to make a valuable contribution. The size of a board should be guided by the scale and complexity of the company. 
Board composition is detailed on page 27 and 28. The size and composition of the Board reflects the requirements of the PRA's Rulebook. Each director satisfies the fit and proper tests and individual office-holder requirements enshrined within the regulators' Senior Managers and Certification Regime. The Board is satisfied that its composition includes individuals with a mix of skills and experience that are up to date and cover the major business areas in order to make informed decisions and provide effective oversight of the risks. The Board and its committees regularly undertake effectiveness reviews, including the training that has been received. Outcomes of the review have been reviews of recent decisions and the decision-making process. 
Principle Three: Responsibilities A board should have a clear understanding of its accountability and terms of reference. Its policies and procedures should support effective decision-making and independent challenge. 
The Board annually approves a Board Charter relating to the internal corporate governance of the Company and its group. This Charter satisfies European Banking Authority Guidelines in defining the duties and accountabilities of directors and the accountability and terms of reference of each organ of governance. Policies and procedures relating to all relevant governance and decision-making matters are approved at the Board and its committees, effectively communicated to employees and monitored for compliance by the Company's three lines of defence. Increased opportunities to properly delegate and challenge decision making has been an important part of the Company's programme to change the Company's fitness and culture this vear. Examples of matters considered at the Board and at Audit Committees are set out on page 29. 
Principle Four: Opportunity and risk A board should promote the long-term success of the company by identifying opportunities to create and preserve value and establishing oversight for the identification and mitigation of risks. 
The Board has adopted a sustainable business model and supporting strategy in liaison with Ford. Following the annual review and development of the Business Model and Strategy, the Board engages with senior management in order to develop implementation plans. The Company has appointed a Chief Risk Officer in accordance with PRA requirements. The Board has established a risk committee, the terms of reference of which are published on its web-site. The Company has also established an operational risk committee. The Risk Committee considers in depth and recommends to the Board a risk appetite framework, Internal Liquidity Adequacy Assessment and Internal Capital Adequacy Assessment, with stress scenarios and action plans to mitigate any materialisation of identified risks. Risk thresholds are agreed, performance monitored against them and appropriate actions taken. The Risk Committee is attended by all Executive Directors. Its recommendations are made to the Board, all of which have been adopted. 
Principle Five: Remuneration A board should promote executive remuneration structures aligned to the sustainable longterm success of a company, taking into account pay and conditions elsewhere in the company. 
Details regarding FCEs remuneration polices are outlined its remuneration disclosures published annually on FCE's website www.fcebank.com. 
Principle Six: Stakeholders A board has a responsibility to oversee meaningful engagement with material stakeholders, including the workforce, and have regard to that discussion when taking decisions. The board has a responsibility to foster good stakeholder relationships based on the company's purpose. 
Full particulars of stakeholder engagement are contained in the Stakeholder Engagement Strategy and in the section 172 statement.

