Corporate Governance Report for the year ended 31 December 2019 
The Company corporate governance is embedded within the Company's existing governance practices and can be explained more fully by using the six Wates principles set out below. 

Principle 1 - Purpose and Leadership An effective board promotes the purpose of a company and ensures that its value, strategy and culture align with that purpose. The Board is fully aligned with Ford Motor Company's global vision to become the world's most trusted company. This will be achieved globally through a plan for value creation which is customer-centric and focused on passion for the product and encompasses: 
• WINNING.PORTFOLIO: Design an exciting, profitable vehicle line-up born out of a passion for great products and deep market-specific insights 
• NEW PROPULSION: Invent new ways to power our line-up that will deliver performance and style as we march towards a net-zero carbon future 
. AUTONOMOUS TECHNOLOGY: Create a high value self-driving business with ingenious user experience, the safest performance and scalable business models 
• CONNECTED SERVICES: Build a suite of data-driven mobility and connected services that atfract new customers, reducing.congestion and improving our products 
The Company's values are aligned with the Ford Corporate Truths. A principal value is that employees act with integrity and demonstrate ethical behaviour, as set but in the Company's Employee Handbooks and related policies:The Company's employee engagement and equal opportunities and diversity initiatives are set out on pages 4 and 5 in the Company's Strategic Report. 

Principle 2 - Board Composition Effective board composition requires an effective chair and a balance of skills, backgrounds, experience 
and knowledge, with individual directors having sufficient capacity to make a valuable contribuiion. The size of a board should be guided by the scale and complexity of the company. · 
The Board composition is detailed in the Directors' Report on page 10. The Board is satisfied that its. composition includes individuals with a mix of skills and experience that are up to date and cover the key business areas in order to make informed decisions and provide effective oversight of the Company's business risks.

Principle 3 - Director Respor:isibilities ·A board should have a clear understanding of its accountability and terms of reference. Its policies and 
procedures should support effective decision-making and independent challenge. The chairperson chairs regular Board meetings which have Board presentations containing information and data to drive matters requiring discussion and decision. There are clear lines of responsibility between the members ofthe Board in their work responsibilities, thereby ensuring a broad range of expertise and knowledge to make informed decisions. 
The Board has developed a list of matters to be covered at the Boara meetings throughout the year, which includes standing agenda items for each meeting which cover the key operating areas of the Company's business together with report outs from subject matter experts in other key areas on a periodic basis, induding internal controls·, pensions, property and environmental matters. 
 
Principle 4 - Opportunity and Ri.sk A board should promote the long-term success of the company by identifying opportunities to create and 
preserve value and establishing oversight for the identification and mitigation of risks. The Chairperson is a member of the Ford of Europe leadership team and has regular meetings with the Ford of Europe decision makers to discuss strategy. Representatives from the Board engage with Ford Motor  Company to ensure that the Company's plans are fully aligned with the group, including approval of-annual budgets, future business plans and new product launches. One of the Directors attends the regular Ford of Europe Audit Committees and, where appropriate, would report back matters to the Board which have· material implications for the Company. Each of the Directors for their respective specialist areas receives a copy of any audit report conducted for their area. Where appropriate, the Director would raise any material issues to the Board. 

Principle 5 - Remuneration A board should promote executive remuneration structures aligned to the. sustainable long-term success of a company, taking into account pay and conditions elsewhere in the company. The Company rewards employees and members of the Board for performance and contributions to business success. The Company's compensatio~ and benefits package in total will be competitive with leading companies. Compensation is generally comprised of three key elements; base salary, annual bonus and long term incentive plans or stock-based awards for certain levels of employees. 

Principle 6 - Stakeholder_ A board has a responsibility to oversee meaningful engagement with material stakeholders, including the workforce, and have regard to that discussion when taking decisions. The board has a responsibility to foster good stakeholder relationships based on the company's purpose. 

Full particulars of the Company's stakeholder engagement are contained in the section 172 statement in the Strategic Report on pages 2 and 3.
