For the year ended 31 December 2019, the Group has chosen to comply with the Wates Corporate Governance Principles for Large Private Companies (the "Wates Principles") published by the Financial Reporting Council in December 2018. 
Purpose and Leadership 
The Board develops and promotes the purpose of the Group and ensures that its values, strategy and culture align with that purpose. The Group has adopted a Code of Conduct which sets out the values and behaviours expected of everyone within the Group, regardless of job functions, location or seniority. 
The Group has established a governance framework to ensure good conduct that is reflected in every aspect of the business. The Board recognises that its commercial priorities can only be achieved through a business model that promotes and maintains a culture of robust controls, appropriate judgement, good behaviours and responsibility for one's actions.
Board Composition The Board of the Company is comprised of three directors, which is considered appropriate for the size and complexity of the Group's business and operations. The Board is diverse and with an appropriate balance of skills, knowledge and experience. 
· 
The Board relies upon certain governance arrangements of the board and committees ofGBT, the principal holding company of the Group. GBT has established an Audit & Finance Committee, Compensation Committee, Compliance Committee, Mergers & Acquisitions Committee and a Risk Management Committee. These committees consider matters on behalf of the Group as a whole. 
The directors of the Company are GBT's Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer and Chief Legal Officer. The directors form part of the Executive Leadership Team reporting in to the Board ofGBT, and are involved in the decision making of the Group. 
Directors 'Responsibilities 
The Board and individual directors have a clear understanding of their accountability and responsibilities. There are clear governance processes which support effective decision making. The Board meets at least three times per year. Where responsibility had been delegated to a committee or individual, these are clearly established within the terms ofreference or delegations of responsibility. 
The Board receives management information (MI) on key aspects of the business. The MI is constantly challenged and reviewed to ensure that the Board has access to material on financial performance, business strategy, operational matters, health & safety and & risk. 
Opportunity and Risk 
The Group's Risk Management Framework, which has been adopted by the Company, promotes consistency with the Group business objectives and strategy, monitors risk against Group's risk appetite and ensures that appropriate levels of governance and controls are in place across the business. The Risk Management Framework provides an effective platform for the Board to make informed and robust decisions. 
As part of the its brand promise, the Group must always do the right thing to protect its clients. The Group understands that the services it provides are scrutinized by governmental authorities due to regulatory risk. As a joint venture of American Express, the Group is one of the most highly regulated travel management and meetings and events company in the world. The Group maintains a robust 360° Compliance Program as part of its overall risk mitigation plan and strategy designed to prevent, detect arid respond. This ensures that the Group, its employees, and those acting on its behalf engage in the highest standards of ethical and transparent business practices and comply with all applicable laws. 
The Group's Risk and Compliance Program is built upon a strong policy framework supported by communications and training, real-time monitoring, testing and reporting. The Board approves key management policies which govern its overall program, including its Compliance Risk Assessment Policy, Compliance Monitoring and Testing Policy, Compliance Issue Management Policy, and Regulatory Compliance Training Policy. The Group continually enhances its program to meet the evolving needs of its clients and strive to exceed industry standards. The Group conducts an annual Enterprise Risk Self-Assessment to identify and rate enterprise-wide risk at a strategic level for proper calibration and prioritization of resources. 
The Risk and Compliance Program is tested through a "three lines of defence" approach. First, the Group's business is tasked with validating the efficacy of internal controls through business self-testing. Second, the Group's Risk and Compliance team conducts additional monitoring and testing. Third, the Group's Internal Audit team applies another layer of rigor. All identified issues are addressed through remediation plans designed to prevent future occurrences. 
The Board receives quarterly reports of key risk indicators to proactively monitor and reasonably mitigate risk for the Group, its clients, and business partners. 
Compensation The Compensation Committee's philosophy and objective is to support effo1ts to recruit, retain, and motivate highly capable professionals that will drive execution against the prevailing investor model.
The Group's Compensation Core principles are: • 
• 
Quality of personnel: experienced professionals, capable of delivering against operating and financial performance expectations. 
Competitiveness: consider market forces, against relevant sectors, in context of the unique value proposition and risk factors. 
• Pay for Performance: The Group follows a strong pay for performance philosophy in designing and executing its compensation programs. The Group's Annual Incentive Award (AIA) and Merit is funded and distributed based on the Group's and individual performance from the Executive Leadership Team to Associate level. 
• 
Inclusion and Equality: The Group is committed to inclusion and diversity, which is a key part of its Mission for Responsible Business. The Group's commitment to become more diverse, in a way the Group's employees and customers expect, is found in the Group's UK Gender Pay Gap report. 
• 
Flexible work arrangement: The Group offers flexible work arrangement for all employees. Nearly 50% of the Group's global employees worked virtually before COVID- I 9 pandemic. This is part of the Group's value proposition. 
Stakeholder Relationships and Engagement 
Within the s.172 statement included in the Strategic Report, the Group has set out how it has engaged with its key stakeholders and how the Board has considered their interests during the year.
