Corporate governance 
Grosvenor's business approach is based on openness and high levels of accountability, and the Board's approach to corporate governance is to issue clear policies and procedures as it considers appropriate for a privately-owned Group with its Shareholders represented on the Board. This year, the Board has decided to report against the Wates Corporate Governance Principles for Large Private Companies which provides a framework for the Group to report on corporate governance in a transparent manner and in line with our values and ethos. Principle 1- Purpose & Leadership Direction for the formation of the Group's strategy is provided by the Shareholders in the form of their wider aspirations. In this context, Grosvenor's purpose, and thus how the Group's shareholders judge success, is to improve property and places to deliver lasting commercial and social benefit. The Group seeks to optimise social and commercial outcomes for every investment and sets itself challenging environmental targets - aiming to enhance its reputation for social responsibility. To deliver its purpose effectively, the Group, through its Operating Companies, implements an approach called Living Cities which combines a far-sighted, international perspective, with an intimate local knowledge of markets and communities: - The Group seeks to learn from the past, in acting upon evidence-based research and in adopting a far-sighted perspective that responds to the socioeconomic and demographic changes, environmental risks and disruptive technologies that pose significant urban challenges. 
- Local expertise is promoted to foster a deep appreciation and understanding of local markets and the needs of local communities, working with them to implement bespoke and innovative solutions that are commercially successful and responsive to unique local circumstances. 
- 
In implementing its activities, directly or in partnership with like-minded co-investment partners, the Group seeks to capture, distil and share knowledge, investing in its people to bring an international perspective which encourages innovation. 
The Board is clear that, in order to protect and strengthen the reputation of the Group and enhance its brand, it must maintain a reputation for high standards of business conduct and therefore operate as a values led business, promoting values of integrity, respect and trust all of the time. All staff are briefed and constantly reminded of the expected values and conduct we seek to uphold. Fundamental to the Group's delivery of lasting commercial and social benefit is the optimal allocation of capital invested between each of the Operating Companies and Indirect Investments, and the devolution of property decision-making authority to local boards. The allocation of capital is based on 10-year projections and is currently reviewed by the Board every two years, or more frequently should market or business needs require it. The allocation review process uses portfolio theory simulations, considering long-term (five+ years) macro-economic and property market projections, political developments, a review of Operating Company historic performance, consideration of the overall strategic objectives of the Group and wider issues such as climate change. The Board then determines long-term ranges for each geographic area, supplemented with medium-term (two to five year) targets which sit within the longterm ranges. Actual allocation of new capital is made periodically which can also be as a response to short-term (zero to two year) tactical and opportunistic considerations. See page 4 of the Strategic report for long-term ranges and medium-term targets as at 31 December 2019. On an annual basis, the Group Board reviews the five-year financial performance, 10-year strategic plans (which consider both commercial and social outcomes) and current operational matters of each of the Operating Companies and Indirect Investments. Principle 2 - Board Composition The composition of the Board is designed to ensure effective management and control of the Group, taking account of the devolved operating structure and ensuring that the Shareholders' interests are properly represented. It consists of the Group Chief Executive (who is also the Executive Trustee of the Grosvenor Estate), Group Executive Director and Group Finance Director and six Non-Executive Directors (including the Chairman). Two of the Non-Executive Directors represent the Shareholders (as Trustees of the Grosvenor Trusts) and four are independent. The Board recognises the benefits of diversity and is committed to increasing it across all employee levels, including the Board itself, to create an ever-more inclusive environment. The Board is rich in cultural background and experience is also geographically diverse, representing all the geographies that the Group currently invests in. There are currently two female Non-Executive Directors. The Non-Executive Directors provide a diverse range of experience and professional background that enables them to make a valuable contribution to the Group and to provide independent judgement and challenge to the Board. The Board encourages the appointment of Executive Directors to appropriate external posts as this increases their breadth of knowledge and experience. Biographies of the members of the Board, with their sub-committee memberships, are available at www.grosvenor.com.


Board effectiveness 
The roles of Chairman and Chief Executive are clearly defined. The Chairman is primarily responsible for overseeing the workings of the Board. The Chief Executive is responsible for the implementation of strategy and policies set by the Board and the day-to-day management of the Group. The Board undertakes a regular evaluation of its own performance. The last review was in December 2017 and the next one is due to take place in 2020. The Board held five standard meetings during the year, with full attendance by each Director at every meeting except in June and November 2019 when one Director was absent. There was an additional meeting held in August 2019 with only the three Executive Directors in attendance, to approve a routine Treasury matter. Principle 3 - Director Responsibilities The Board is responsible for setting and monitoring Group strategy (including the allocation of capital), reviewing performance, ensuring adequate funding, formulating policy on key issues and reporting to the Shareholders. The Board has delegated day-to-day responsibility for the Group's property investment, development and joint venture activities, together with supporting functions, to Operating Company, Indirect Investment and the Holding Company management teams. The Group's Operating Companies have local boards, with independent Non-Executive Directors, which oversee the Operating Companies' operations. These boards form an integral part of the overall internal control process. The relationship between Operating Company boards and the Group Board is clearly defined and is set out in formally approved documents. The membership of each Operating Company board is available at www.grosvenor.com. For the Indirect business, the Group Investment Committee oversees its operations and investment decisions up to £25m per capital transaction. The Board has established an Audit Committee, a Remuneration Committee and a Nominations Committee, to which it has delegated certain governance functions. The membership of these committees consists of Non-Executive Directors (including the chair). To enable the Board to discharge its duties, all Directors receive appropriate and timely information, including briefing papers distributed in advance of Board meetings. The Directors have access to the Company Secretary and may, at the Company's expense, take independent professional advice and receive additional training as they see fit. All new Directors participate in an induction training programme. Principle 4 - Opportunity & Risk Opportunity The Board reviews the Group Strategy every year and, in doing so, has consideration for the long-term strategic opportunities that are consistent with Grosvenor's purpose of delivering lasting commercial and social benefit. The Board believes that success is not just about having property skills, a pipeline of opportunities and funding to deliver them, but also about having a focus on the future to ensure the Group's activity delivers lasting social and commercial value. Long-term success requires long-term thinking. With the potential impact of digital disruption on real estate becoming more apparent, the Board made a decision during the year to increase its investment in its Digital Innovation business to assess how the Group can take advantage of the opportunities (and protect our business against the risks) which technological innovation presents. Risk The Board considers that there is a continuous process for identifying, evaluating and managing significant risks faced by the Group in the course of its business, which has been in place throughout the year and up to the date of approval of the Annual Financial Statements. This process is regularly reviewed by the Audit Committee and the Board. The key risks and uncertainties are set out in the Strategic report, on pages 3 to 8, and include market, property, financial and environmental risks amongst others. Each Operating Company and the Holding Company has management structures in place to enable effective decision-making, supported by documented procedures and a regular review of financial performance, including comparisons against budget and forecasts. Risk management is a regular agenda item for all parts of the business with the emphasis on continuous improvement. Each Operating Company board undertakes a regular assessment of its exposure to financial, operational and strategic risks and the measures that have been put in place to manage those risks. Significant risks arising from Operating Company assessments are monitored by the Group Board. In addition to local boards, each Operating Company, together with Indirect Investments and the Holding Company, is represented on the Group Finance Board, which met once during 2019 and provides a forum for debating issues of a financial nature that are relevant to the Group as a whole, including Group financial policy and risk management.


The Group Board is responsible for the Group's system of internal controls and for reviewing its effectiveness. This is designed to manage, rather than eliminate, the risk of not achieving business objectives and can provide only reasonable and not absolute assurance against material misstatement or loss. The Group operates a ·co-sourced' approach to internal audit, working jointly with PwC. Each Operating Company audit committee approves an internal audit plan, which is executed by PwC, but supplemented by Grosvenor employees on occasion and where appropriate. The Operating Company audit committees review the findings from the internal audit reports together with management plans to address any weaknesses in internal control. The Group Audit Committee has an oversight role, which involves reviewing the Operating Company and Holding Company internal audit plans, summaries of internal audit activity throughout the Group and significant findings of individual reviews. Principle 5 - Remuneration The Remuneration Committee's primary role is to define the Company's overall remuneration strategy and to promote its purpose and strategy by linking performance, pay and benefits, ensuring transparency on financial and non-financial targets. This reflects the long-term view of the organisation and the desire to pay both Directors and members of staff fairly for their role and responsibility level, having due regard to comparable market practice and pay levels. The Board and Nominations Committee consider the talent and succession plans for the business. The Group published its Gender Pay Gap reporting for 2019 on the Group's website in March 2020, relating to UK employees only. Gender parity is part of the Group's wider Equality, Diversity & Inclusion strategy. Each of the Operating Companies have launched dedicated plans to support gender equality and is working hard to embed them successfully. Initiatives include training for all UK staff involved in recruitment to understand and recognise unconscious bias, reviewing recruitment and promotion processes, equal pay auditing, introducing improved work life initiatives and an Inclusive Leadership Programme which blends digital learning, workshops and peer coaching to help leaders understand why diversity is important for the Group. Principle 6 - Stakeholder Relationships & Engagement The Board is clear that the Group must maintain a reputation for high standards of business conduct and operate as a values led business, promoting values of integrity, respect and trust all of the time - with all its stakeholder community including employees, customers, partners, suppliers, funders, wider society and shareholders. The approach will help protect and strengthen the reputation of the Group and enhance its brand. (See Strategic report on page 7 for more information on Reputation and Brand). Employees The Directors recognise the importance of good communications and relations with the Group's employees and place considerable value on informing them on matters affecting them. Each part of the Group maintains employee relations appropriate to its own needs and environment. The Group gives full and fair consideration to applications by disabled persons for employment. It aims to build a diverse workforce, reflecting the communities in which it operates in order to ensure the businesses' success. Doing so will require attracting the best people from as wide a pool as possible and retaining them within an inclusive culture. A Group subsidiary, Grosvenor Estate Management Limited, employs the UK staff of Grosvenor Britain & Ireland, Grosvenor Europe and the Grosvenor Holding Company. Employees are provided with information on matters of interest and concern to them, including the financial and economic factors affecting the performance of the business, through a range of channels, ranging from face-to-face briefings on business performance and key issues from senior management, to regular news updates via various digital means. During the year, formal employee opinion surveys have been conducted both at the Group and Operating Company level. The senior management of each business area has reviewed the results from this and established plans to improve employee engagement. Grosvenor does not operate any employee share schemes, but it encourages employees' involvement through its bonus schemes and short and long-term incentive plans, which are linked to the performance of the business. Directors have engaged with employees through informal meetings with individuals and small groups, as well as through the normal management and governance processes. In taking decisions, the Directors seek to ensure the long-term financial success of the business and recognise the clear link between this and employees' interests. Suppliers, Customers and Lenders The Operating Companies are responsible for managing their key business relationships with suppliers and customers. The Group sets policies for how these relationships should be managed including policies on anti-bribery and corruption, anti-money laundering, the UK Modern Slavery Act and the UK Criminal Finances Act. For the Holding Company's limited number of direct suppliers and all other business stakeholders, the 2019 Annual Review is widely distributed, and together with the 2019 Financial Statements it is available on the Group's website.


The Group's policy is to maintain close contact during each financial year with bondholders and other lenders at the Group and Operating Company level, recognising the importance of fostering these relationships for the long-term funding and financial success of the business. 
Community and Environment The Group's purpose is to improve property and places to deliver lasting commercial and social benefit, with the community and environment forming the two key elements of social benefit as defined by our shareholders. Each year. in the Annual Review, the Group reports on its energy and water consumption. together with the amount of waste that is diverted from landfill. This year, the Group was proud to announce its commitment to the World Green Building Council and in doing so to achieve net zero carbon operational emissions from all of its directly-managed buildings globally, by 2030, and to work towards all buildings, directly and indirectly-managed, being embodied and operational net zero across the portfolio by 2050. Meanwhile, local communities continue to be at the centre of the Operating Companies activities as illustrated in the Annual Review 2019. Relations with Shareholders All Shareholders are represented on the Board, receive a monthly report and are invited to attend GGL Board meetings. Each year, the CEO and FD of the Group present to the Shareholders on the Group's performance over the prior year.
