Corporate governance 
The Company is required by The Companies (Miscellaneous Reporting) Regulations 2018 to make a statement in relation to its corporate governance practices. For the year ended 31 December 2019, the Company has adopted the Wates Corporate Governance Principles for Large Private Companies (published by the Financial Reporting Council (FRC) in December 2018 and available on the FRC website). The purpose of this Report is to explain these principles and how they apply to the Company for the financial year reported. Principle 1 - Purpose and leadership The purpose of the Company is to provide storage and distribution services for companies in the United Kingdom. The Company has adopted a clear statement of its strategic vision, which is communicated to senior management biannually. This strategy is actively promoted throughout the year. The Directors act individually and collectively in the way they consider, in good faith, would be most likely to promote the success of the Company for the benefit of its member, and in doing so have regard, amongst other matters, to the: • 
• • • • 
Likely consequences of any decision in the long term; Interests of the company's employees; 
Need to foster the company's business relationships with suppliers, customers and other stakeholders; Impact of the company's operations on the community and the environment; 
Desirability of the company maintaining a reputation for high standards of business conduct. 
The Directors' regard to these matters is embedded in their decision-making process, through the Company's business strategy, culture, governance framework, management information flows and stakeholder engagement processes. Principle 2 - Board composition The Board of the Company comprises the Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer, 3 Operations Directors, Business Development Director. The Group Chief Executive Officer, Group Information Technology Director and Group Human Resource Director also attend Board Meetings. The Board considers that its size and composition is appropriate to its function. Principle 3 - Director responsibilities The Board of the Company is responsible for oversight of the Company's activities, within the strategic framework set by the Group Board. Each Board member has a clear understanding of their respective responsibilities and their accountability for discharging this role. The Group has adopted a formal governance matrix and business approvals framework which prescribes the scope of authority of the Chief Executive Officer and other members of the executive management team and reserves key business decisions to an appropriate decision maker within the Group. Principle 4 - Opportunity and risk Opportunities: For the financial year reported, the Board was the principal forum for the assessment of strategic opportunities, which were considered as part of its monthly meetings. Identified opportunities were considered and approved at Board level where required by the governance matrix and business approvals framework. Business risk: The Board is responsible for the identification and management ofrisk within the Company. This involves consideration of the principal strategic, operational and financial risks. Industry-specific operational risks: The Company operates in an industry where the assessment and management of operational safety risks is of paramount importance. The Company holds monthly Health and Safety Executive reviews.

Principle 5 - Remuneration The Company is committed to attracting, retaining and incentivizing a talented workforce to deliver the strategic objectives. The Board meets annually to review the remuneration of the executive management team. In conjunction with the Group Human Resources function, the Company benchmarks executive pay against a number of comparators. For the wider employee base, remuneration is set by the Chief Executive Officer, again subject to regular external benchmarking against an appropriate peer group. Principle 6 - Stakeholders The Board understands the importance of engagement with all of its stakeholders and gives appropriate weighting to the outcome of its decisions for the relevant stakeholder in weighing up how best to promote the success of the Company. The Board regularly discusses issues concerning employees, customers, suppliers, community and environment, regulators and its shareholder, which it takes into account in its discussions and in its decision-making process. In addition to this, the Board seeks to understand the interests and views of the Company's stakeholders by engaging with them directly when required. The below summarises the key stakeholders and how we engage with each: 
Stakeholders Employees 
Engagement 
Our employees contribute to a positive working culture and safe working environment. Employees are key to the success of our business. In addition to aiming to be a responsible employer in our approach to pay and benefits, we continue to engage with our team to ascertain which training and development opportunities should be made available to improve our team's productivity and our individual employees' potential within the business. We continually invest in employee development and wellbeing to create and encourage an inclusive culture within the organisation. Our employee appraisal programme encourages employee feedback and facilities the opportunity for both employees and managers to set performance goals on an annual basis. Our culture invites different perspectives, new ideas and opportunities for growth. We work hard to ensure employees feel welcome and are valued and recognized for their hard work. All employees receive regular updates on the performance of the company ranging from regular published updates to an annual Leadership Roadshow where the Group CEO along with his Senior Management Team provides an update to all employees on key matters. 
Customers Suppliers 
Customers are at the centre of our business. Our business development team allied with our operations teams build lasting relationships with current and potential customers to understand their objectives and requirements. We are in regular contact with customers in order to meet their defined service and reporting requirements. This includes attending monthly and quarterly update calls, face to face meetings (quarterly/bi-annually/annually) depending on customer preferences. We take a consultative approach with customers focused on building long-term relationships and solving their supply-chain challenges. We work with a wide range of suppliers both in the UK and the European Union. We remain committed to being fair and transparent in our dealings with all of our suppliers. The Company has procedures requiring due diligence of suppliers as to their internal governance, including for example, their anti-bribery and corruption practices, data protection policies and modem slavery matters. The Company has systems and processes in place to ensure suppliers goods and services are provided in line with terms and conditions which are acceptable to the company, in addition to ensuring suppliers are paid in a timely manner. 
Community and 
Environment The Board's approach to social responsibility, Diversity & the community is of high importance. 
Corporate social responsibility principles are part of our culture and decision-making process. We take a consultative approach focused on building long-term relationships and solving business problems. 
Shareholders 
Diversity and Inclusion is a key pillar for our Company. The Group HR Director is responsible for Diversity & Inclusion and aims to connect with affiliates and networks, updating the Board regularly. The Board continues to commit and broaden the company's work and associations with local charitable organisations. The Board also seeks to behave in a responsible manner towards our shareholder. The Board communicates information relevant to its shareholder on a regular basis to cover such items as financial performance, forecasting, annual budgeting, etc.
