CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT 
The Bank is committed to delivering high standards of governance, corporate and social responsibility, ethics and risk management. Sound and prudent management is central to the Bank's values and governance structure. 
For the year ended 31 December 2019, the Bank has applied the Wates Corporate Governance Principles for Large Private Companies (published by the FRC in December 2018 and available on the FRC website). 
PRINCIPLE 1 - PURPOSE AND LEADERSHIP "An effective board develops and promotes the purpose of a company, and ensures that its values, strategy and culture align with that purpose." 
- The Wates Principles 
Handelsbanken pie is a relationship bank, built around satisfied customers, financial strength and sustainable values. At the Bank, we believe that banking should be local and personal, and that the interests of our customers should always come first. 
The Bank's sense of purpose is firmly rooted in the Bank's culture of trust in our colleagues, care for our customers, and long-term responsibility towards the communities we serve. It is clearly demonstrated by the many thousands of decisions taken across the bank in order to deliver the best outcomes for customers. 
Vision We run a successful bank based on timeless values of trust and respect, for customers and colleagues. We believe in people and their ability and desire to do good things well. 
We aim to build lifelong relationships with our customers and to grow organically, customer-by-customer, through their recommendation and referral. Our branch teams are empowered to take all the decisions that matter to their customers and to engage locally in the ways they find best. 
Colleagues all over the Bank enjoy similar trust, within an open, supportive culture. We are committed to developing their skills and careers, and to being a diverse, inclusive and rewarding workplace where everyone receives equal respect and opportunities. 
We believe in always taking responsibility. By running the Bank prudently, we can continue operating through all economic conditions. By sharing our knowledge freely, we can contribute to our customers' financial capability and by seeing and living up to our obligations, we can make a sustainable difference to society while minimising our impact on the environment. 
Concept 
Handelsbanken pie is a local relationship bank, with a nationwide network of more than 200 branches. In our decentralised structure, teams of experienced bankers are embedded in their local community and empowered with real decision-making authority. 
Our branch teams are not only experts in their local economies, but also gain a deep understanding of the businesses and individuals they serve. 
As bank employees have no sales or volume targets, nor the bonuses that often accompany them, customers can be confident that decisions made are taken with their best interests in mind. 
Goal The Bank's goal is shared with the wider Group; and it is to have higher profitability than the average of peer banks in its home markets. This goal is achieved by focusing on having the most satisfied customers, and lower costs than its competitors. This goal has been deemed appropriate for the UK business by the Board of Directors. Together, the purpose, concept and goal guides the way of working throughout the Bank. This is communicated consistently to all employees through our cultural guide, this document is a guide to our way of business and details our principles. It shows how employees should approach their work. 
The Bank holds that maintaining and embedding the Bank's unique culture is essential to the success of the Bank, and every opportunity is taken to develop and monitor effectiveness, through various means such as but not limited to: the recruitment process, new employee induction workshops, leadership development courses, senior management branch visits, an annual employee opinion survey, and health and wellbeing surveys. 
The Board is committed to ensuring good governance throughout the Bank and for instilling the strategy of decentralisation, customer focus, sustainability, and social responsibility. These are reflected in the policies and directions of the Board. 
PRINCIPLE 2- BOARD COMPOSITION "Effective board composition requires an effective chair and a balance of skills, backgrounds, experience and knowledge, with individual directors having sufficient capacity to make a valuable contribution. The size of a board should be guided by the scale and complexity of the company." - The Wates Principles 
The Board's primary role is to provide leadership and to ensure that the Bank is appropriately managed within a framework of prudent and effective controls, while delivering long-term shareholder value. The Board is responsible for the Bank's strategy, corporate culture, governance framework, risk management and internal controls, risk tolerance, and its compliance obligations under the regulatory system.Size and Structure The Bank has a separate chairman and CEO to ensure·a balance of power and effective decision-making. The responsibilities of the Chairman and the CEO are clearly prescribed and separated. The Board consists of seven directors, two of whom are executive directors, two of whom (including the Chairman) are non-executive directors, and three of whom are independent non-executive directors. The Board meets regularly to discharge its duties effectively; at least eight times a year. The Board is supported by its committees, to which it delegates power to make recommendations within their areas of expertise. The delegation of responsibilities of the Board and the CEO is documented. 
The Board has established a Nomination Committee, Remuneration Committee, Audit Committee and a Risk and Compliance Committee to which it delegates specific authorities. The CEO has established a number of Management Committees which can be seen below.
Effectiveness 
The Board exercises supeNision over and evaluates the CEO on an annual basis, through a process led by the Chairman and Nomination Committee. In addition, the Chairman of the Board carries out an annual evaluation of the Board's work. As a separately regulated entity, the Board shows independent judgement from the Shareholder. Agreements for matters reseNed for the Board and escalation processes are in place to provide objectivity. An external facilitated board effectiveness review is being held for the first time in 2020 and the findings and suggested improvements will be used in the work of continuously improving the effectiveness of the Board. 
Upon formation of the Board in preparation for the launch of Handelsbanken pie in December 2018, an induction programme was undertaken to provide the Board information on the business needs, stakeholder interests, activities, strategy, corporate culture, governance framework, risk management and internal controls, risk tolerance, and its compliance obligations. To maintain this, a suNey of the Board was conducted in the year to assess the needs for further training and education from which a plan was developed 
Balance and diversity The Bank operates on the basis that diversity and inclusion in its workforce is fundamental in order to reflect the societies within which it operates. In practice, this requires working towards being a truly diverse bank, in every sense. Diversity and inclusion is supported through recruitment policies as well as career development initiatives. 
The diversity of the Board reflects the Bank's continuous focus on and commitment to gender equality. The Board members bring a broad base of corporate and professional experience, which is seen as the best way to support the achievement of our corporate goal. The independent nonexecutive directors have experience in relevant areas of financial seNices and banking, with a strong focus in financial management, regulatory affairs, credit, risk, compliance, human resources and conduct. The Nomination Committee is responsible for reviewing the composition and balance of skills of the Board, to ensure they remain appropriate and diverse. The Nomination Committee will also oversee the comprehensive and tailored induction programme offered in the event of a new director joining the Board. Biographies of Board members can be found on the Bank's website.

PRINCIPLE 3 - DIRECTOR RESPONSIBILITIES "The board and individual directors should have a clear understanding of their accountability and responsibilities. The board's policies and procedures should support effective decision-making and independent challenge"- The Wates Principles 
Accountability The Handelsbanken Group works with clear governance processes and directions throughout its corporate structure, for example the Bank's Board allocates responsibilities and assigns tasks to the business operation, including by issuing guidelines - via the CEO - to its subsidiary, Heartwood. Steering guidelines are reviewed annually and any changes approved by the relevant body. The Board has clear division of responsibilities between the leadership of the Board and the executive leadership of the business. 
Policies are formally documented so that responsibilities are allocated in compliance with prevailing laws and regulations. All corporate governance policies and practices are available to all employees in line with the Bank's culture of transparency. 
The senior manager's regime applies to individuals performing a senior management function (SMF). A SMF is a function that requires the person performing the role to be responsible for managing one or more aspects of the Bank's affairs (so far as relating to regulated activities). A responsibilities map has been reviewed by the Board, having gone through review and challenge by the Executive Committee and the Board Risk and Compliance Committee. The regime means employees in scope are assessed annually to ensure they are fit and proper in their roles. 
All employees, including the Board, must adhere to the Conflicts of Interest Policy and an annual declaration of any potential conflicts of interests for Board members must take place. These potential conflicts are collected in a conflicts register by the Ccmpany Secretary and where there are potential conflicts, these are mitigated or managed appropriately. 
Committees The Board is responsible for the Bank's strategy, corporate culture, governance framework, risk management and internal controls, risk tolerance, and its compliance obligations under the regulatory system. The Board is supported by its Committees, to which it delegates power to make decisions and recommendations within their areas of expertise. The Chair of each Committee reports the outcome of Ccmmittee meetings to the Board, ensuring that necessary oversight is maintained. 
The Board and its Board Committees are governed by matters reserved for the Board and Terms of Reference respectively. The composition and Terms of Reference of the Board and each Board Ccmmittee are reviewed annually to ensure that each Committee is operating effectively. All Board Committees have a majority membership of independent non-executive directors, to allow for independent challenge. The exception is the Board Audit Committee, where all members are independent non-executive directors. 
Management committees are established by the CEO and report to the Executive Ccmmittee whose purpose is to be an advisory body to the CEO in order for the CEO to make informed decisions. The CEO reports formally to the Board, at each Board meeting, on any material matters raised and decisions taken by the CEO since the previous Board meeting. Terms of Reference are issued for the Management Ccmmittees, and other steering Ccmmittees or bodies as appropriate, and these specify the responsibilities, membership, roles, responsibilities and reporting lines of the respective body. 
Integrity of information The Board receives regular, timely and accurate information on the business including financial data, risks, compliance and strategy. Financial information is collated by the Finance function whose team members are appropriately qualified to verify the integrity of such information. The financial statements are externally audited by Ernst & Young LLP annually, and financial controls are reviewed by the internal audit function. The departments that make up the second line of defence (e.g. Compliance and Risk) play an important role in reviewing non-financial data. Processes for collecting data, as well as the reporting of that data, are reviewed on a risk-based approach by the internal audit function with aggregate results reported to the Board Audit Committee. 
All submissions for consideration at Board and Board Committee meetings are reviewed by the Governance function for consistency and appropriateness. Where appropriate this is challenged with the business area, second line or the functions that oversee or specialise in risk management and compliance. 
PRINCIPLE 4- OPPORTUNITY AND RISK "A board should promote the long-term sustainable success of the company by identifying opportunities to create and preserve value, and establishing oversight for the identification and mitigation of risk.· - The Wates Principles 
Opportunity The Executive Committee reviews and agrees the annual business plan for submission to the Board which includes opportunities to create and preserve value over the long term. The Executive Committee continuously works to ensure the business meets its objectives and strategy, having regard to the interests of the shareholder and customers, employees and other stakeholders. The CEO presents any identified long-term strategic opportunities to the Board for approval. The culture fostered by the Board, Board Committees and Management Committees allows for regular dialogue on innovation and opportunity and the flat structure of the organisation enables timely decisions to be made by the appropriate body. 
Risk and responsibilities The Bank's key risks are outlined in the risk and capital management report on pages 24 - 31. 
The Board has the ultimate responsibility for ensuring the effective management of risk. It also has overall responsibility for setting the strategy and corporate objectives, and in doing so the level and type of risks that they are prepared to allow the business to take in pursuit of corporate goals. The Board approves risk policies to support the governance of risk management. 
The Board Risk and Compliance Committee is responsible for maintaining oversight of all key risk categories relevant to the business. In doing so it assists the Board in fulfilling its own risk oversight responsibilities, as well as monitoring risk control and risk management in and process for monitoring compliance with laws and regulations.
There are a number of Management Committees, including the Management Risk and Compliance Committee which oversee, review, assess and challenge risks and controls and, where appropriate, make recommendations and report to the Board Risk and Compliance Committee. This is clearly defined in the Committees' Terms of Reference. 
The Bank's risk tolerance statement, which articulates the level and type of risks the business is prepared to take, is documented and communicated across the organisation; it is also reviewed and approved by the Board on an annual basis. The Board risk tolerance metrics feed into the Bank's approach to risk management which is outlined in the Risk Management Framework. Risk tolerance statements and metrics are reflected in a range of documents including Board-approved risk policies; these are translated into a series of guidelines and in turn the Bank's operating standards and procedures are translated into instructions. These allow implementation of risk policies through the risk management activities which are performed across the organisation as a whole. As part of the Risk Management Framework, there is a Stress Testing Framework which outlines the Bank's approach to stress testing. 
Risk Management frameworks have been reviewed and approved by the Board after challenge by Management Committees and the Board Risk and Compliance Committee. The governance of the risk frameworks is documented in each individual framework and is the responsibility of the Risk function. 
PRINCIPLE 5- REMUNERATION ''A board should promote executive remuneration structures aligned to the long-term sustainable success of a company, taking into account pay and conditions elsewhere in the company." - The Wates Principles 
The Bank's principles for remuneration to employees are long established. In general, the Bank has low tolerance of risk and is of the opinion that fixed remuneration contributes to healthy operations; this is, therefore, the main principle. Remuneration is set locally, at business level, as part of the Bank's devolved leadership model, and is based on competence, skills, nature and difficulty of job, performance, leadership, market conditions and culture. Only fixed remuneration is paid to the Bank's employees. Variable remuneration is used as appropriate in the subsidiary, Heartwood, and only for a limited number of non-customer facing employees. 
The Remuneration Policy outlines the Bank's approach towards remuneration and is approved by the Board. The objective of the policy is to attract, retain and motivate high quality employees, thus contributing to the achievement of the Bank's corporate goal and culture. The policy applies to all departments, units and branches and all employees, including directors and non-executive directors. Remuneration at the Bank is compliant with all relevant regulations and rules including the PAA remuneration rules and the FCA dual-regulated firm Remuneration Code. The views of the Shareholder and alignment with Shareholder policies (where deemed appropriate) are taken into account through the Chairman of the Board. As necessary and where appropriate reporting is escalated to the Shareholder. This achieves accountability to the Bank's Shareholder. 
The Remuneration Policy is reviewed by the Chief HA Officer taking account of feedback from all relevant stakeholders, evaluating whether the remuneration system is fit for purpose and supports the corporate goal. The Executive Committee is responsible for developing and implementing an appropriate remuneration system, with overall governance and oversight by the Remuneration Committee. 
The Board Remuneration Committee, comprising a majority of independent non-executive directors, makes recommendations on the remuneration and other terms of employment for the executive directors and senior management. It also monitors the level of remuneration for senior management, taking into account prevailing market terms, and that it is compliant with 1he Bank's culture and risk tolerance and otherwise in accordance with legal and regulatory requirements. An evaluation is conducted on whether the remuneration system promotes sound, efficient risk management, whether it counteracts excessive risk taking, and whether it is in keeping with the policy of risk tolerance. 
The Board Remuneration Committee also reviews the ongoing appropriateness and relevance of the policy, taking into account the views of the Board Risk and Compliance Committee. Any material changes to the policy are approved by the Board after recommendation and review by the Board Remuneration Committee. The Bank is committed to gender equal pay and reports relevant data to the Board Remuneration Committee as part of its ongoing annual reporting requirements. 
For true independence and to avoid conflict of interest, the remuneration for the heads and deputy heads of control functions are decided by the Board following recommendations by the Board Remuneration Committee. Following guidance and instruction by the Bank, the Shareholder is ultimately responsible for approving the remuneration of all non-executive directors, including the Chairman, within the limits set in the Articles of Association. 
For transparency, employees are informed of the criteria that affects their remuneration and how their performance is assessed. The Bank produces a Remuneration Disclosure statement which is published on the Bank's website. The statement provides detail on the remuneration policy, as well as governance and responsibility in the area of remuneration. 
Annually the Bank sets guidance on the overall level of salary increase taking into account factors such as business performance, affordability, and external market trends. This guidance applies to executive director remuneration as well as that of the wider workforce. The Directors' Remuneration disclosure can be found in note 8.

PRINCIPLE 6-STAKEHOLDER RELATIONSHIPS AND ENGAGEMENT "Directors should foster effective stakeholder relationships aligned to the company's purpose. The board is responsible for overseeing meaningful engagement with stakeholders, including the workforce, and having regard to their views when taking decisions." - The Wates Principles 
External impacts Sustainability and corporate social responsibility are part of the Bank's culture and method of working; it is important that the Bank contributes positively to the sustainable development of the communities within which it operates. It is part of the Bank's culture to integrate sustainable thinking into decision making. A sustainability council has been established to co-ordinate the sustainability work throughout the Bank. A sustainability policy, approved by the Board, sets out the key principles and rules for the management of relationships with customers and suppliers, the Bank's conduct as an employer and an institution in society, and its relationship with its owners and investors. The Bank has begun assessing the risk of climate change and assigned Senior Manager responsibility for this area, which will take a cross-functional approach. The findings will be incorporated into the overall risk management framework and inform the risk strategy. 
More information on the Bank's Corporate Social Responsibility activities can be found on page 8. 
Stakeholders Stakeholder views and impacts are taken into account in Board decisions. The risks and impacts of policies, guidelines, decisions and other matters approved or enacted by the Board are considered through reporting, expert attendees at meetings and/or through considering items such as the annual staff survey, the sustainability policy and training and awareness courses. 
Handelsbanken pie supports the community through the involwimmt nf P.mployees ,md donations to local community projects. The Bank contributes to social development through its strong local presence. In line with the Bank's corporate philosophy, responsibility for community projects is decentralised to the branch network. 
Svenska Handelsbanken adheres to the Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development ('OECD') Guidelines for Multinational Enterprises, whose purpose is to encourage and facilitate corporate sustainability. The Bank has also adopted and complies with HMRC's Code of Practice on Taxation for Banks and has a published tax strategy. 
In the Bank's operations as well as in business relations with suppliers and when lending to companies, it strives to prevent or limit negative impact on human rights and working conditions. The Bank has created a department to oversee its relationships with suppliers, and a thorough due diligence process has been introduced to monitor supplier activity. 
Further information on how the Bank engages with stakeholders and the results of this engagement can be found in the Stakeholder Engagement section of the directors' report on pages 9 - 10. 
Workforce The Bank has a culture of employee empowerment, which leads to high levels of ownership, responsibility and therefore engagement. The Bank's flat structure encourages direct engagement with directors and senior management. A range of methods of engagement are used such as regular group discussions, town hall meetings and filmed question and answer sessions. The Bank also operates a UK Works Council (UKWC). The aim of the UKWC is to complement the culture of openness and give staff a greater say. The CEO attends these meetings and where necessary feeds back any important concerns, issues, ideas and views to the Board through management information reporting. 
In 2017 and 2018 Handelsbanken in the UK published data on its gender pay gap statistics, which resulted in a number of initiatives put in place to encourage the recruitment and progression of women. These have been pulled together in a cohesive strategy to support its Women in Finance Charter goals, an initiative from HM Treasury. A diversity and inclusion forum was also established in 2017 and there has also been a number of initiatives introduced to improve diversity and staff welfare. 
A formalised whistleblowing policy and procedure for staff to raise issues regarding possible improprieties in matters of financial reporting or other matters is in place and is reviewed annually and approved by the Board Audit Committee. The Committee is responsible for monitoring the effectiveness of the whistleblowing procedures and any notifications made. The Committee is charged with ensuring that appropriate arrangements are in place for employees to be able to raise matters of possible impropriety in confidence and performing suitable subsequent follow up action. An alternative reporting channel also exists whereby perceived wrongdoing may be reported via website to an external third party. The Chair of the Board Audit Committee, an independent non-executive director, has been appointed Whistleblowers' Champion to oversee the integrity, independence and effectiveness of the Bank's policies and procedures on whistleblowing. 
Further information on how the Bank engages with stakeholders and the results of this engagement can be found in the Stakeholder Engagement section of the directors' report on pages 9 - 10.

