Governance statement 
The Company adopted the Wates Principles ('Wates') as its governance regime at the beginning of 2019. Prior to this, the Company had applied relevant provisions and principles of the UK Corporate Governance Code ('Code'), as appropriate for a non-listed company. Since the beginning of 2019, the Company has therefore adopted a hybrid approach of full compliance with Wates and an application of those principles of the Code that are appropriate. The Company has a unitary board of directors, in common with. best practice within the UK. As at 31 December 2019, the Board had four independent Non-Executive Directors and one Executive Director. The Board is chaired by an independent Non-Executive Director. The Board's Terms of Reference provide that the Board should comprise a minimum of four Directors, at least of two of whom must be independent Non-Executive Directors. Should the number bf Directors, from time to time, exceed four, the Board must ensure that there shall at least be an equal or greater number of Non-Executive Directors than Executive Directors. No Director has unfettered powers. 

The Board has delegated certain matters to two Committees, each with their own Board approved Terms of Reference: • 
• 
Risk and Compliance Committee; . Conduct Committee. 
The. Risk and Compliance Committee advises the Board on risk management issues, recommends the framework of risk limits and risk appetite to the Board for approval, and oversees the risk manc~gement arrangements of the Company, including the embedding and maintenance of ~ supportive risk management culture. It also _monitors and promotes compliance by the Company with all of its regulatory obligations and provides assurance that these are being effectively complied with. 
· · 
The Conduct Committee provides assurance to the Board that the fair treatment of customers remains at the heart of the Company's business model and monitors all aspects of the Company's operational performance that reflect whether the Company pays due regard to the interests of its customers, and is effectively mitigating conduct risk. 
Both of these Committees are chaired by an independent Non-El.(ecutive Director anc) members or attendees comprise other Directors and members of senior management within the Company. The Committees meet on a regular basis throughout the year arid formally report to the Board on all significant matters after each meeting. The Board meets at least six times each year. All Board and Committee meetings are minuted.
