Corporate Governance Statement 
For the year ended 31 December 2019, the Group has applied the Wates Corporate Governance Principles for Large Private Companies (published by the Financial Reporting Council (FRC) in December 2018 and available on the FRC website). 
Principle 1 - Purpose & Leadership The specialty insurance sector provides risk solutions to companies which are complex or in an industry which needs bespoke solutions, often in a fast-changing environment. The Group's purpose is to deliver risk solutions to its clients which provide continuity in times of business disruption. Highly specialised, quality underwriting which delivers clearly articulated and transparent products will inspire the trust and confidence of our clients. 
In order to achieve this purpose, the Group recognises that throughout all areas of the business it needs to attract and retain highly skilled, disciplined and experienced individuals of exceptional quality who thrive in a constantly changing environment. This gives us the foundation to empower our people to be at the forefront of providing specialty insurance solutions which consider the fast-changing impacts of climate change, technological disruption and other issues which may adversely affect our clients. 
The overarching TM Group Good Company vision, which incorporates the fundamental values to look beyond profit, empower our people and deliver on commitment, is consistent with the purpose described above. 
Principle 2 - Board Composition Biographies of each Director can be found on pages 28 to 30 of the Corporate Governance Report. 
The Board is comprised of the independent non-executive Chairman, five executive directors, two independent Non-Executive Directors and two Non-Executive Directors and is supported by the Company Secretary. The Nomination Committee and the Board confirmed in Q4 2019 that the composition of the Board and its Committees was appropriate given the scale and complexity of the business. 
The Group has a separate Chairman and Chief Executive to ensure the appropriate division of responsibilities, accountabilities and decision-making is effectively maintained across the Group. 
The independent Non-Executive Directors bring experience in insurance, reinsurance, finance, audit, risk, governance, operations and the wider TM Group. In addition, they provide the Board with a diversity of perspectives and objective challenge from outside the Group. The Non-Executive Directors held regular meetings with the Chairman during 2019 and these meetings provided them with the opportunity to exchange views without the presence of the Executive Directors. 
The Group recognises the benefits of diversity for the Board and is committed to ensuring that its membership reflects diversity in its broadest sense. A combination of demographics, skills, experience, age, ethnicity, gender, educational and professional background and other relevant personal attributes on the Board is important in providing a range of perspectives and challenge needed to support good decision making. The Group is committed to making its business a more inclusive environment which will foster a more diverse workforce that should increase diversity at the most senior levels. 
The Directors have equal voting rights when making decisions and all Directors have access to the advice and services of the Company Secretary and may, if they wish, take professional advise at the Group's expense. 
The duties of the Board are partially executed through its committees. The independent Non-Executive Directors attend and act as chair to relevant committees so that they are able to contribute to, challenge and influence a range of areas across the business. 
The Executive team, comprised of the Chief Executive, Group Chief Financial Officer and the two Chief Underwriting Officers ensure that the values, strategy and culture align, are implemented and communicated to employees, for example through the results presentations and annual town hall conferences. 
The directors update their skiiis, knowledge and familiarity of the business by meeting with senior management, receiving regular presentations at board meetings from specific departments or lines of
business within the Group, as well as from externally facilitated training. The Group has an induction rprogramme for all new directors which is individually tailored according to the specific experience and knowledge of the new director, it provides the new director with access to all areas of the business and its key individuals. As part of their induction Directors are briefed on their duties under s172 of the Companies Act 2006 and they are able to access advice on these areas throughout their tenure from either the Company Secretary or an independent external advisor. 
During the year, Kiichiro Hatakeyama received a tailored induction programme arranged by the Company Secretary which included meetings with the Executive and Non-Executive Directors and other members of the Senior Management team. 
The Board undertakes annual reviews of its effectiveness and is an integral part of its governance framework. The effectiveness review provides an opportunity for insight into the functioning of the Board whilst potentially identifying areas that might need to be strengthened and developed. It allows for in-depth consideration of what resources the Board might need in order to achieve its goals and provides a forum for directors to reflect on how they are contributing. 
In 2019 the Board Effectiveness Review was internally facilitated, and the Board will agree an action plan from this review, early in 2020. 
Principle 3 - Director Responsibilities Accountability The Group's governance framework supports the business to make effective decisions. Whilst the Board has overall responsibility and oversight, the Group's governance structure is designed to ensure that key decisions are made by the individuals and committees with the most appropriate knowledge and experience. The Board has a schedule of six principal meetings a year and there is a process by which any significant matters are communicated to the Board outside of its scheduled meetings. The Board's key areas of focus in 2019 are included on page 31. 
Each Director has a clear understanding of their accountability and responsibilities which are set out in their Statement of Responsibilities. The independent non-executive directors are considered to be independent in that they have not been an employee of the Group, and have no material business relationships with the Group that might influence their independence or judgement and they have not served on the Board for more than nine years from the date of their first appointment. 
Directors, Heads of Department, Underwriting and Claims employees are required to complete annual Conflicts of Interest declarations. These declarations are collated by the International Compliance department and where there are potential conflicts, appropriate safeguards and processes have been put in place. The Company Secretary receives annual confirmation of any Conflicts of Interest for the Board directors and there is a process in place for the Non-Executive Directors to disclose any potential conflicts to the Chairman and Chief Executive. 
Committees The Board is assisted in the discharge of its duties by a number of Board committees (Audit, Risk and Capital Management, Remuneration, Nomination, Investment, and Sustainability). Each committee has defined areas of responsibility which are set out in their Terms of Reference. The remit and responsibilities of the Board's committees are set out on pages 32-33. The Nomination Committee undertook a review of the governance structure following changes to the senior management team in Q4 2019 and changes to the governance structure and composition of the committees were recommended to and approved by the Board. The Sustainability Committee was newly established in 2019 and further information on this committee can be found on page 33. 
Integrity of Information The Board receives on a quarterly basis, information on all key aspects of the business, including: financial and underwriting performance, pricing and market conditions, strategic initiatives, compliance, claims, operational matters, risk, capital and governance and these reports are supported by Key Performance and Key Risk Indicators. 
Key financial information is collated from the Group's various accounting, underwriting, and claims systems and other information is prepared by relevant departments.
The Group has an internal controls system which is designed to provide assurance that the information reported is accurate, reliable, compliant with applicable laws and regulations and that its operations are effectively controlled. The Group's internal controls system is reviewed annually as part of the programme of internal controls testing that is undertaken by the International Internal Audit department. 
The Board has delegated its responsibility for maintaining and monitoring the effectiveness of the system of internal financial controls and internal controls to the Audit Committee which receives regular reports from the International Internal Audit department. 
Principle 4 - Opportunity & Risk Opportunity Strategic opportunities (both near and long term) are identified in the Group's Strategic Business Plan which is presented to the Board annually. The Group considers opportunities drawn from the business as well as those that align with TMHCC Group's strategy. 
Risk and Responsibilities The Group believes that a strong, effective and embedded Enterprise Risk Management (ERM) framework is crucial to maintaining successful business operations and delivering sustainable, long-term profitability. This is achieved through a strong risk culture, together with rigorous and consistent risk management that is embedded across the Group and embodied by management at all levels through its governance structure and risk management. 
Although the Board has ultimate responsibility for ensuring the Group has a robust ERM framework in place, certain risk management activities are delegated to the level that is the most appropriate to oversee and manage the risks. 
The Group's principal risks and uncertainties and mitigations are set out on pages 24 - 27 of the Strategic Report. The Board accepts that the Group's business operations cannot be risk free, therefore the ERM framework is designed to manage risk to a desired level and minimise the adverse effects of any residual risk, rather than to entirely eliminate the risk.

The Group operates a 'three lines of defence' risk governance framework which clearly defines the roles and responsibilities of those involved: 
1. Risk owners and senior management; 2. Key functions responsible for risk oversight and risk guidance, including International Compliance and Enterprise Risk departments and the Risk and Capital Management Committee; and 
3. Internal Audit provide independent assurance to the board and senior management on the effectiveness of risk management processes. 
The diagram below illustrates the Group's ERM framework; demonstrating how Risk Appetite, Risk Governance, Risk Management, Risk Output and Monitoring interact with one another.

Risk Appetite - the level of business risk the Group will take in order to achieve the strategic objectives. The Group has established risk appetite statements, which, provide assurance that the Group is able to manage or absorb the impact ofa risk, in the event that it materialises. 
Risk Governance - includes risk policies and procedures, Risk and Capital Management Committees and roles and responsibilities ('three lines of defence'). 
Risk Management - the processes used to identify, measure, manage, monitor and report risks, including the internal capital model, and stress and scenario testing, are designed to enable dynamic risk-based decision-making and effective day-to-day risk management. 
The Risk and Capital Management Committee ensures that inherent and emerging risks are identified and managed appropriately and in a timely manner. The Risk and Capital Management Committee meets on a quarterly basis and reviews the risk register, emerging risk register and a live risk tracker which are updated quarterly with any changes in underlying risks. 
Risks transition from the emerging risk register to the live risk tracker as they become more likely to impact the Group's strategic objectives and to the risk register when the risk is near to crystallising and requires formal monitoring and the establishment of a risk control framework. 
Principle 5 - Remuneration TMHCC International has a Remuneration Policy in place which provides a framework for remuneration that rewards performance, attracts, retains and motivates employees to achieve the Group's business objectives whilst being consistent with its risk appetites and long-term strategy.

The Remuneration Committee has defined terms of reference and is chaired by an Independent NonExecutive Director. The Committee is responsible for reviewing the ongoing appropriateness of the Remuneration Policy and approving the remuneration arrangements for all employees. Pay is aligned with performance and considers fair pay and conditions across the Group. 
The Group is an active equal opportunities employer and promotes an environment free from discrimination, harassment and victimisation, where everyone receives equal treatment and career development regardless of age, gender, nationality, ethnic origin, religion, marital status, sexual orientation or disability. All decisions relating to employment practices (including remuneration) are objective, free from bias and based solely upon work criteria and individual merit. 
Principle 6 - Stakeholders The Board understands that effective corporate governance and communication are vital to the Group's continued success and its stakeholder relationships. The Group's strategy is aligned with its purpose to ensure that its product offering, and diversified portfolio of business will continue to meet the needs of its customers whilst delivering sustainable long-term growth for its shareholders. 
The Board ensures it has effective relationships with all stakeholders through ongoing dialogues which are open, co-operative and transparent. A table showing how the Group has engaged with its stakeholders during the year is set out on pages 39 and 40.


