As a Board, we remain committed to high standards of corporate governance and believe that these high standards are central to the effective management of the HAHL Group and to maintaining the confidence of our investors. 
The following pages provide information on the composition of the HAHL Board and its governance structure and processes, together with reports from each of its committees. For the year ended 31 December 2019, under the Companies (Miscellaneous Reporting) Regulations 2018, the HAHL Group has applied the Wates Corporate Governance Principles for Large Private Companies, published by the Financial Reporting Council (FRC) in December 2018. The Wates Principles provide a framework for the HAHL Board to monitor corporate governance of the HAHL Group and see where governance standards can be raised to a higher level across the business. We believe this, in turn, will result in better engagement with our stakeholder base and ultimately build trust with our passengers, colleagues and investors. The governance framework will also provide the right environment for the HAHL Board to make decisions for the long-term success of Heathrow. 
The table below summarises the six Wates Principles and indicates where more information can be found in the strategic and the governance reports. Throughout 2020, the HAHL Board will continue to review and challenge how the HAHL Group can continue to improve its corporate governance.


Principle 
Purpose and leadership 
Summary Page 
The HAHL Board determines the long-term strategy, direction and performance of the HAHL Group. Our vision is to give passengers the best airport service in the world and the HAHL Board is responsible for ensuring that values, strategy and culture are aligned with that purpose. The HAHL Group’s strategic framework, shown in the Strategic Report page 23, embeds our vision, purpose, priorities and values with our strategic propositions as key elements to ensure our stakeholders’ interests are central to our future developments at Heathrow. 
Board composition 
The HAHL Board comprises the Chairman, CEO, CFO, three Independent Non- Executive Directors and ten Shareholder Non-Executive Directors. The Independent Non-Executive Directors bring outside experience in aviation, transport and finance, and provide constructive challenge and influence. The composition of the HAHL Board is partly determined by the Shareholders’ Agreement and it is considered to be in the best interests of the HAHL Group for the senior executives and each Shareholder to be represented at meetings. The HAHL Board is committed to improving its diversity in terms of gender, ethnicity, disability and age, and its Nominations Committee is responsible for reviewing diversity and succession planning. 
Directors’ responsibilities 
The HAHL Group has a separate Chairman and CEO to ensure that the balance of responsibilities, accountabilities and decision making are effectively maintained. The HAHL Board receives regular reports on business, financial performance, passenger numbers, colleague issues and engagement, stakeholders and local communities and management of key business risks along with updates on activities and decisions of its committees. NonExecutive Directors provide constructive challenge to the Board’s decision-making processes. 
Opportunity and risk 
The HAHL Board seeks out opportunity while mitigating risk. Long-term strategic opportunities are highlighted in the annual Business Plan process presented to the HAHL Board. The Risk and Assurance Committee and the Executive Committee ensure that inherent and emerging risks are identified and managed appropriately and in a timely manner updating the risk register for any changes in underlying conditions. Operational and safety risks are regularly reviewed by the Sustainability and Operational Risk Committee and financial risks by the Audit Committee. 
Remuneration 
The Remuneration Committee has clearly defined terms of reference and is responsible for making recommendations to the HAHL Board concerning the HAHL Group’s remuneration strategy, recruitment framework and long-term incentive plans for senior executives. The Committee takes advice from independent external consultants who provide updates on legislative requirements, best market practice and remuneration benchmarking. Pay is aligned with performance, taking into account fair pay and conditions across the company’s workforce. 
Stakeholder relationships and engagement 
Central to our strategic framework, shown on page 23, is our high-level aspirations for the future of Heathrow for all our stakeholder groups. Our strategic priorities and values are how we deliver our vision. They reflect a simple business logic: engaged people deliver excellent service, which in turn delivers financial returns and growth in a sustainable way. The table within the section 172 (1) statement on pages 74 and 75 sets out the details of some of the engagement that takes place at an operational or HAHL Group level with key stakeholders. 
22, 72, 86 
90, 91, 93 
8890 
60, 94, 106 
98 
22, 74The HAHL Board determines the long-term strategy, direction and performance of the HAHL Group, including approval of the annual budget and management business plan. It is responsible for ensuring that the HAHL Group acts ethically and meets its legal and regulatory responsibilities, monitoring the HAHL Group’s performance and ensuring the HAHL Group has the necessary resources to meet its objectives. 
Whilst the HAHL Board retains oversight and accountability for decision-making within the HAHL Group, responsibility for dayto-day management and decision-making is delegated to the CEO and the Executive Committee. The HAHL Board delegates specific responsibilities to its formal committees, which consist of individuals with the most appropriate knowledge, expertise, industry experience and independence. 
The duties of the HAHL Board are executed partially through its five principal committees: Audit, Nominations, Remuneration, Sustainability and Operational Risk and Finance. These committees operate within defined terms of reference, which are reviewed regularly by the HAHL Board. The role of Company Secretary to the HAHL Board is performed by the Chief of Staff and General Counsel.


The HAHL Board receives regular reports on business and financial performance, employee issues and management of key business risks. The Chairmen of the Audit Committee and the Sustainability and Operational Risk Committee provide regular updates on matters discussed at those committees. Decisions from the Remuneration Committee are shared with the HAHL Board. The Finance Committee submits an annual update of its activity to the HAHL Board and minutes of the committee are shared on a regular basis. Where appropriate, recommendations are made by each of the HAHL Board committees so that final decisions can be taken by the HAHL Board. Members of the HAHL Board have the opportunity to attend monthly Shareholder Working Group sessions to receive more in-depth information about specific aspects of the business. 
The Executive Committee is the forum of the senior executive management team of the HAHL Group. The HAHL Board delegates authority for day-to-day management of the HAHL Group to the Executive Committee, which meets weekly and is chaired by the Chief Executive Officer. In addition to the Chief Executive Officer, membership of the Executive Committee includes the Executive Directors responsible for each business function. Further information is shown on page 84.


The Executive Committee develops and recommends to the HAHL Board, medium and long-term business development strategies. They ensure the delivery of agreed strategies by providing guidance, approvals, governance and monitoring. The Executive Committee also considers health and safety, legal and regulatory matters, risk assurance and compliance, and reviews and approves all matters to be presented to the HAHL Board for its consideration or approval. There is a high level of interaction between the HAHL Board and the Executive Committee. Members of the Executive Committee provide presentations at board meetings on a regular basis and attend strategy days with the HAHL Board in order to review issues in more detail, plan and align views. 
The Executive Committee delegates specific matters to a number of sub-committees whilst retaining overall accountability. The sub-committees consist of managers and other experts with appropriate knowledge, industry experience and expertise to make decisions and report back to the Executive Committee. Each sub-committee operates in accordance with terms of reference approved by the Executive Committee and is evaluated on a regular basis.


Executive sub-committees AIRPORT SAFETY COMMITTEE 
Responsible for reviewing Heathrow’s responsibilities, strategies, policies, conduct, performance and riskmanagement approach. It covers all aspects of safety, including fire, physical health and safety, airside safety, psychological safety, environmental safety (compliance) and the potential impact on Heathrow’s reputation arising from its performance in these respects. It is chaired by the Chief Financial Officer. Other members include the Chief Operating Officer, Chief Information Officer, Health and Safety Director and others. 
PEOPLE COMMITTEE 
Responsible for reviewing strategy in relation to people issues, including reviewing benefit schemes, living wage, gender pay-gap reporting and other people-related matters. It is chaired by the Chief People Officer. Other members include Chief Financial Officer, Chief of Staff and General Counsel, Reward Director, Finance Director and Head of People and others. 
INTELLIGENCE LIAISON GROUP 
Responsible for providing a secure forum to safely share secret, sensitive and often time-critical intelligence. It is chaired by the Director of Security. Other members consist of the Chief Executive Officer, Chief Operations Officer, Chief of Staff and General Counsel and Expansion Director. 
HEATHROW INVESTMENT COMMITTEE 
Acts under authority delegated by the Executive Committee as a single accountable forum on capital investment across Heathrow. It is chaired by the Chief Financial Officer. Other members consist of the Chief Information Officer, Chief Operations Officer, Chief Communications Officer, Chief Strategy Officer and Expansion Director. 
EXPANSION PROGRAMME COMMITTEE 
Responsible for oversight, steering and delivery of the Heathrow Expansion Programme. It is chaired by the Expansion Director. Membership includes the Expansion Programme Director and others. 
CHARITIES AND COMMUNITIES COMMITTEE 
Responsible for agreeing strategy and policy for charitable giving and oversight of investment in local communities at Heathrow. It is chaired by the Chief of Staff and General Counsel. Other members consist of the Chief Financial Officer, Chief People Officer and Expansion Director. 
POLICY COORDINATION GROUP 
A strategic, senior policy-forum that provides advice and recommendations on Heathrow’s policy priorities and positions to the Executive Committee and HAHL Board, where necessary, and oversees the implementation of engagement plans. Chaired by the Chief of Staff and General Counsel. Other members include the Director of Communications, Sustainability & Environment Director, Head of Policy and Strategic Communications. 
RISK AND ASSURANCE COMMITTEE 
Responsible for reviewing the effectiveness of the risk-management strategy and framework, and for reviewing the principal risks. It is chaired by the Chief of Staff and General Counsel. Other members consist of the Chief Financial Officer and the Chief Strategy Officer. 
INTERNAL INVESTIGATIONS STEERING GROUP 
Responsible for setting and overseeing compliance with the governance framework for relevant internal investigations. It provides the Executive, HAHL Board and Audit Committees with assurance that Heathrow has appropriate procedures to ensure appropriate governance and conduct of internal investigations. It is chaired by the Chief of Staff and General Counsel. Other members consist of the People Director, Head of Security Intelligence, Director of Internal Audit, Risk and Assurance, Deputy General Counsel, Head of Legal Commercial and a designated independent NonExecutive Director.


ROLES AND RESPONSIBILITIES 
It is the HAHL Group’s policy that the roles of the Chairman and Chief Executive Officer are separate, with their roles and responsibilities clearly divided. The key roles and responsibilities of the Directors of the HAHL Board are set out below: 
CHAIRMAN The Chairman is responsible for: 
• Leading and managing the HAHL Board, its effectiveness and governance. 
• Ensuring HAHL Board members are aware of and understand the views of key stakeholders. 
• Helping set the tone from the top in terms of the purpose, goal, vision and values for the whole organisation. 
• Creating the conditions for overall Board effectiveness. 
CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER 
The Chief Executive Officer is responsible for the leadership and day-to-day management of the HAHL Group, with a scope covering operations, finance, regulation, asset management, customer services, information services, human resources, corporate communications and legal. 
CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER 
The Chief Financial Officer is responsible for the financial performance of the HAHL Group and supporting the Chief Executive Officer in developing and implementing strategy. 
INDEPENDENT NON-EXECUTIVE DIRECTORS 
Independent Non-Executive Directors are responsible for providing constructive challenge and bringing independence to the HAHL Board and its decision-making process. Particularly: 
• Bringing a wide range of skills and experience, including independent judgement on issues of strategy, performance and risk management. 
• Scrutinising and challenging the performance of the HAHL Group’s business. • Assessing risk and the integrity of the financial information and controls. 
NON-EXECUTIVE SHAREHOLDER DIRECTORS 
The Non-Executive Shareholder Directors are appointed in accordance with the Shareholders’ Agreement and are responsible for providing constructive challenge to the HAHL Board’s decision-making processes. 
COMPANY SECRETARY 
The role of company secretary is performed by the Chief of Staff and General Counsel. The Company Secretary is available to all Directors and is responsible for information flows to the HAHL Board and advising the HAHL Board on corporate governance matters. Directors may also take professional advice at the Company’s expense.


COMPOSITION OF THE HAHL BOARD AND ITS COMMITTEES 
At the date of this report, the HAHL Board comprises the Chairman, three Independent Non-Executive Directors, ten Shareholder Non-Executive Directors and two Executive Directors – the Chief Executive Officer and the Chief Financial Officer. 
The names and biographies of all directors of the HAHL Board are published on pages 80 to 83. Nine of the Non-Executive Shareholder Directors have formally approved alternates, who are also listed. The alternates are statutory directors of HAHL, who attend board and other meetings only when Shareholder Non-Executive Directors are unable to do so. The Executive and Non-Executive Directors are equal members of the HAHL Board and have collective responsibility for the HAHL Group’s strategy and performance. Each HAHL Board Director has a clear understanding of their accountability and responsibilities. 
Recommendations for the appointment of directors to the HAHL Board are made by the Nomination Committee. Appointments are made on merit and against objective criteria with due regard to diversity (including skills, experience and gender). Non-executive appointees are also required to demonstrate that they have sufficient time to devote to the role. 
The Independent Non-Executive Directors bring outside experience in aviation, transport and finance. They provide constructive challenge and influence from outside the HAHL Group. The Chairman holds periodic meetings with all the Non-Executive Directors to discuss the performance of management and the HAHL Board, without the Executive Directors present. 
The HAHL Board considered the Chairman, Lord Paul Deighton, to be independent in judgment and character on his appointment on 22 June 2016. The Rt. Hon. Ruth Kelly was appointed as an additional Independent Non-Executive Director on 8 April 2019. 
The Chairman and each of the Independent Non-Executive Directors have letters of appointment with the HAHL Group rather than service contracts, which include the expected time commitment of the appointment. 
The Directors are required to comply with Heathrow’s group policies, including policies on Professional Conduct, Health and Safety, Conflicts of Interest and Anti-Bribery, Gifts and Hospitality. 
The HAHL Board believe that its size and composition are appropriate to meet the strategic needs and challenges of the business and to enable effective decision-making. The composition of the HAHL Board is partly determined by the Shareholders’ Agreement, which provides that each Shareholder controlling ten per cent or more of the issued ordinary shares of FGP Topco Limited, is entitled to appoint one director to the HAHL Board. It is considered to be in the interests of the HAHL Group for each Shareholder to be represented on the HAHL Board. In addition, there are four independent Non-Executive Directors whose purpose is to challenge and provide external expertise. The HAHL Board does not have a majority of independent Non-Executive Directors and it is felt that the numbers associated with ensuring a majority of independent Non-Executive Directors would make the HAHL Board unwieldy and unduly costly. 
It is acknowledged that, although there is international diversity on the HAHL Board, there is a relative lack of gender diversity. The Board is committed to making the HAHL Group an ever-more inclusive environment, thereby fostering a more diverse workforce which should increase diversity at the most senior levels.
2019 HAHL BOARD ACTIVITIES 
The HAHL Board held 11 scheduled meetings during the year ended 31 December 2019 and two strategy days in conjunction with the Executive Committee. During the year the HAHL Board focused on a number of areas as set out below. 
2019 HAHL Board activities 
STRATEGY AND OPERATIONAL • Considered operational and business performance. • Received updates on material communications with regulators and considered the impact of changes in regulation and developing regulation affecting Heathrow expansion. 
• Airport expansion. • Industrial relations. • Passenger growth strategy. • Retail strategy. • Initial Business Plan. 
FINANCIAL PERFORMANCE • Reviewed financial performance and forecasts. • Considered and approved the 2019/20 budget. • Reviewed and approved results announcements. • Approved the payment of quarterly interim dividends. 
GOVERNANCE • Reviewed and approved the 2018 annual report and accounts. 
LEADERSHIP AND STAKEHOLDERS • Approved the appointment of Maria Casero as a non-executive director and the appointment of the Rt Hon Ruth Kelly as an independent non-executive director. 
• Approved the extension of appointments of Professor David Begg and Rachel Lomax as independent non-executive directors. 
• Discussed the revised approach to workforce engagement. 
• Considered updates on diversity and succession planning. 
• Considered the impact of new corporate governance requirements, including additional reporting requirements and the Wates Code. 
• Considered output from the HAHL Board evaluation process. 
• Considered and agreed key risks and their mitigation and control. 
• Agreed Modern Slavery Act Statement. • Approved 2018/19 Continuity of Service Plan.


EFFECTIVENESS 
A comprehensive induction programme is provided for all new HAHL Board Directors. Our Directors update their skills, knowledge and familiarity with the HAHL Group by regularly meeting with senior management, attending operational site visits, strategy sessions with the Executive Committee and regular training sessions. 
All HAHL Board Directors have access to the advice and services of the Company Secretary and the Heathrow Group’s Legal team. They may also take independent professional advice at the company’s expense. 
The Chairman and Company Secretary are responsible for ensuring that Directors receive accurate, timely and clear information. To ensure that adequate time is available for Board discussion and to enable informed decision-making, briefing papers are prepared and circulated to Directors a week prior to scheduled HAHL Board meetings. 
The HAHL Board also receives regular and timely information (at least monthly) on all key aspects of the business, including health and safety, risks and opportunities, the financial performance of the business, strategy, operational matters, market conditions and sustainability, all supported by key performance indicators. 
Key financial information is collated from the Heathrow Group’s various accounting systems. The HAHL Group’s finance function is appropriately qualified to ensure the integrity of this information, and is provided with the necessary training to keep up to date with regulatory changes. Financial information is externally audited by Deloitte LLP on an annual basis, and financial controls are reviewed by the Group’s internal audit function. 
Other key information is prepared by the relevant internal function. Processes for collecting data, as well as the reporting of that data, are reviewed on a cyclical basis by the HAHL Group’s internal audit function with quarterly reporting provided to the Audit Committee. 
The HAHL Board considers the regular review of its function, Committees and Directors to be an essential element of good corporate governance and important for identifying key areas of focus for future improvement and for strengthening its overall performance. An externally facilitated assessment of the HAHL Board and its Committees was conducted in October 2015 and informal self-assessments took place in September 2018 and November 2019. Areas covered included boardroom behaviours and dynamics, the number, structure and process around board meetings, board composition and structure and the interaction between the HAHL Board and its formal committees. 
The results of each evaluation were presented to the HAHL Board for consideration and recommendations, with follow-up actions debated and adopted as appropriate. Overall, the reviews showed a consensus that the HAHL Board is functioning well and is effective. No material shortcomings in relation to the operation of the HAHL Board and its committees were highlighted by the reviews. The Chairman confirms that each director continues to make a valuable contribution to the HAHL Board and, where relevant, its committees. 


