CORPORATE GOVERNANCE STATEMENT 
Introduction 
The Company is a private limited company incorporated under the laws of Scotland. The Company is required to comply with, among other regulations, Company Law requirements. In this report, the Company addresses its corporate governance structure and states to what extent it applies the best practice provisions, as defined by Wates Corporate Governance Principles for Large Private Companies. This report also includes the information that the Company is required to disclose pursuant to the new private company reporting requirements under the Companies (Miscellaneous Reporting) Regulations 2018. 
UK Corporate Governance Code and Section 172 Statement 
The following statement describes how the directors have had regard to matters set out in section 172(1 )(a-f) when performing duties under section 172 of the Companies Act 2006. The board of Directors of the Company and subsidiary companies, both together and separately, consider that they have acted in a way they consider in good faith and would promote the success of the company. In discharging our section 172 duty we have done so through our agreed strategy, for the benefit of its members as a whole, having regard to the stakeholders and matters set out in s172(1)(a-f) of the Act, in the decisions taken during the year ended 31 December 2019. 
In doing so section 172 requires a company to have regard (amongst other matters) to: 
a. The likely consequences of any decisions in the long-term. b. The interests of the company's employees. c. The need to foster the company's business relationships with suppliers, customers and others. d. The impact of the company's operations on the community and environment. e. The desirability of the company maintaining a reputation for high standards of business conduct. f. The need to act fairly as between members of the company. 
Our business priorities Our Group wide focus is on growth, something we're well positioned to achieve thanks to our commitment to innovation, operational excellence and social and environmental sustainability. The Company's strategy is built around five business priorities: Deliver top line Growth, by leading the premium cider and beer markets in the UK; Drive End2End Performance, leveraging our scale of our operations to deliver increased efficiencies across the business; Brew a Better World, our strategy for building the brightest future for our business, the planet and its people; Engage our People, empowering our people to achieve their own and the business ambitions; and Connect in a World of Digital, as we place digital at the core of our business to connect with customers and retailers. We design our strategy to enable us to win in the marketplace, focus on the long-term sustainability of our business and create value for stakeholders. We aim to consider our effect on the wider society, communities and the environment. 
Deliver Top Line Growth Our strategy is to lead the premium segment in cider and beer by leveraging the strengths of Heineken, our international and local brands. Our goal is to be the leading pub, cider and beer business in the UK, while contributing to our global ambition of being number one in the global markets where Heineken operates with a full brand portfolio.


Our business priorities (continued) Drive end2end performance We use our scale to drive efficiency from end to end, saving costs and fuelling future growth through strategic investment and initiatives, developing a consumer and customer mindset, optimising our global footprint, expanding in developing markets and transforming our transactions. Brew A Better World Sustainable development is how we as a business and as individuals, seek to make a positive impact, ensuring our business contributes to improving the environment, local communities and society as a whole, through initiatives such as 'Drop the C' and 'Every Drop', while advocating responsible consumption and safety. 'Drop the C' is our vision for renewable energy and the name is inspired by the idea that taking the C out of CO2 leaves Oxygen. The play on words is also about ensuring sea levels do not continue to rise. 'Every Drop' is Heineken's water ambition for 2030, announced in 2019, which will focus on lowering usage of water by improving water efficiency in its operations. Engage and Develop Our People The right people, leadership and culture are crucial for business success. How we engage and develop our people has never been more important. In this rapidly changing world, our employees are also expecting intuitive digital tools to manage business and their careers. Delivering on this expectation is part of our digital journey. Our business will foster key initiatives and objectives: Inclusion and diversity (l&D) are essential for our future success; engaging talent and rewarding performance, career ownership for employees, developing leaders across our business and attracting new talent. Connect in a digital world The Company is always looking for innovative ways to bring people together. Today, we are using the opportunities provided by digitalisation to connect with consumers and customers, as we have done throughout our history. 
Board Composition 
The Board is responsible for creating and delivering sustainable shareholder value through the management of the Group's business. The Board supports the Wates Principles on Corporate Governance for Large Private Companies, and confirms that it has complied with all of the provisions throughout the financial year ended 31 December 2019, and has applied the principles as set out below and in the Directors' Report. In discharging its role, the Board shall be guided by the interests of the Company and its subsidiary companies, taking into consideration the interests of the Company's stakeholders. The Board is responsible for complying with all legislation, for managing the risks associated with the Company's activities and for financing the Company. The Company has five operating pillars: Brewing & Operations, Customer Service & Logistics, On-trade, Offtrade and Star Pubs & Bars. Each pillar is represented by a Director. These members of the Board together with the Managing Director and Functional Directors (Finance, Legal, Corporate Affairs, Human Resources and Marketing) jointly form the Board. The Board ensure effective implementation of the key priorities and strategies across the organisation. The Management Team, consisting of the same commercial channel and functional leaders, excluding legal, define the direction of the business. Employee Engagement The Board understands that interests of employees are paramount to the long term success of the business. Health and safety of the Group's employees is a key priority. The Group engages in regular employee communication through internal company wide emails, intranet, social media and regular function cascades and town halls. The Group regularly seeks employee feedback; an annual survey is undertaken to allow colleagues to provide honest feedback about working for Heineken. The Group regularly invests in learning and development, providing a mix of optional classroom and e-learning opportunities. The Group forms part of a global company with operations in over 70 markets and we are multi-cultural. We use the power of our diversity to create an inclusive environment where everyone matters and where we all have equal opportunity to contribute to our business success.


Employee Engagement (continued) 
We develop inclusive capabilities among our employees and have implemented l&D action plans. We integrate l&D into our people plans, talent management strategies, employee engagement survey and everyday business practices. We work to internal inclusive practices to guide people in embracing l&D. Further information on l&D can be found at www.theheinekencompany.com In a highly competitive, and increasingly global market, we need to attract and retain the most talented and skilled people to remain the UK's leading pub, cider and beer company. Our colleagues are what makes the Group great. To ensure colleagues are kept informed of business performance and progress against targets, a strong communications infrastructure is in place. This includes, management led roadshows to all colleagues across all six business locations, twice yearly conferences for our Leadership Team and cascades for all People Managers. These events are supported by business area face to face events. In addition, a monthly Business Update, and on-line TV programme, Heineken Today, provide a regular drumbeat around how the business is performing and brings alive the people behind our success. 
Workplace by Facebook is our internal social media channel which provides a platform for more informal interaction across all levels of the business. This channel is also used to host on-line Q&A sessions with our Management Team. Our annual Climate Survey provides an opportunity for all colleagues to give their views on life at the Group. The results are shared across the business and all teams produce a Climate Survey action plan to address key points raised. In 2019, employee representatives met with the Employee Council on five occasions, with additional calls and sub groups being held throughout the year. Information is shared and discussed, with consultation on matters in accordance with the Council's Constitution. 
Members of the Group's Management Team attended the meetings to address the Council, update on their areas and answer questions. 
The Employee Council is made up of elected representatives representing non-negotiated colleagues and Unite, the Union shop stewards representing negotiated colleagues in our production sites. The Unite the Union shop stewards also take part in local dialogue with the Group. All colleagues participate in a short term incentive, or some other variable pay arrangement, which contains a strong link to performance at Group, channel/function or team level, as well as taking account of individual performance. In 2019, for the first time, we incorporated into the design of all incentive plans a 20% weighting for Operating Profit (our key profit measure) to ensure colleagues had a stake in, and are rewarded in line with, the overall UK Group performance. Additionally a performance-based share plan (Long-term Variable Award, LTV) is in place for the senior management of the Group. The scheme is operated by Heineken N.V. The vesting of the share rights is subject to internal financial measures of performance and continued service over a three-year period. The Group has appropriate equal opportunities policies in place to ensure equal treatment throughout the recruitment process and duration of employment. We also have policies and training in place to ensure that colleagues are not subjected to discrimination and are treated fairly and equally at all times. In the event of employees becoming disabled, every effort is made to accommodate any reasonable adjustments necessary to allow the employee to continue in employment and to overcome any disadvantage suffered as a result of the disability. 
Stakeholder engagement Engaging with the stakeholders to deliver long term success is a key area of focus for the Board. The Group's 
strategy is built around five business priorities and all decisions take into account the impact on stakeholders. We design our strategy to enable us to win in the marketplace, focus on the long-term sustainability of our business and create value for stakeholders. We aim to consider our effect on the wider society, communities and the environment. 

STRATEGIC REPORT (CONTINUED) FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2019 
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE STATEMENT (CONTINUED) Stakeholder engagement (continued) Working with stakeholders and partners 
Our stakeholders and partners are crucial to the long term success of our Group. They help us to stay focused and tell us when they feel we are moving off track. We engage with them and measure the progress of our relationships in three ways: reputation research, roundtables and ongoing stakeholder dialogue. 
Suppliers We continue working together with our suppliers to ensure high ethical standards and respect for human rights and the environment. A key focus is on reducing our impacts through the design and production of our packaging. We support our suppliers to make the transition to using more renewable energy in the production of our packaging, while developing solutions to reduce emissions and ensuring our packaging is recyclable. As a large company the Board recognises that late supplier payment continues to be a problem for small and medium sized businesses as it affects cash flow and ability to trade. The Board welcomes the government initiative on late payment reporting as a longoverdue start to the process of increasing transparency on this issue. Customers and consumers The Board regularly reviews how the Group maintains positive relationships with customers and consumers. We know we must stay close to both our customers and our consumers. As digital innovation reshapes the beer industry's route to market, the consumer relationship is vital. We engage with consumers to encourage responsible drinking through our brand campaigns which provide a unique platform for sharing our responsible consumption message. 
