Governance Structure  
The compariy applies the Wates corporate governance principles when considering corporate governance. Detailed ih the paragraphs below are the details of how the six principles 6f this code have been applied. 

Purpose and leadership 
All Board decisions are made with the company's success in mind, which is ultimately for the fong-term benefit of our stakeholders. Our company values are an important part of the business as they are what bring us all together, ahd they are at the heard of what we do and how we do it every day. We have invested in the development and involvement of our employees and couriers; as we believe it is the right thing to do, not only for them but for the business.

Board composition 
The company's governance structure includes seyeral different boards which comprise a variety of representatives who have the necessary balance of skills, backgrounds, experience and knowledge. This ensures the applicable boards have enough capacity to make a valuable contribution to the success of its objectives. 

Director responsibilities. 
The directors are committed to a full and open dialogue with all employees throughout the business, recognising the contribution this makes to improved personal performance, and achievement of the overall company's business objectives. Employee engagement forms a key part of our business strategy and is measured through an annual employee engagement survey, giving employees the opportunity to put forward their views about working for the company and suggest ideas for improvement. Survey results are followed up with discussion Groups to capture ideas and generate action plans for developing empioyee engagement and satisfaction further. 

Opportunity and risk 
The company is committed to the basic principle of sustainability and to fulfilling its corporate responsibility in this area. This fundamental understanding is reflected in our directives, initiatives and systems as well as in our projects. A key element in our success is recognising tomorrow's demands today. Innovation is the key to success here and that is something we have proven over the last few years. Through continual change processes, we manage to respond at an early stage to the needs of and developments in the marketplace. 

Remuneration 
We are committed to ensuring equality throughout our organisation and eliminating barders that prevent people from developing their full potential. The company is committed to equality for all, irrespective of race, colour, religion, belief, ethnicity, opportunity and dignity at work or national origins, gender, marital status, sexual orientation, gender reassignment, disabiiity, class or age and it ensures that recruitment and promotion decisions are made solely based on suitability for the job. Accordingly all remuneration structures are aligned to the long-term sustainable success of the company, considering all conditions throughout the company. 

Stakeholder relationships and engagement 
Internal communication processes and procedures ensure all stakeholders are updated o·n corporate objectives, trading performance, economic conditions and other relevant matters. A comprehensive iriterrial communications programme has been cleveloped to ensure that information is disseminated effectively across the company. Regular channels of communication include management conferences, internal bulletins, notice boards, department briefing groups; on-line channels such as regular e-mails and Intranet, and video messages from the Board and senior management teams.
