Corporate Governance Report 
As a Board, we believe that good corporate governance underpins good business performance. We are accountable to our shareholder for ensuring that governance processes are in place and are effective and we are fully committed to meeting the required standards. 
Following the introduction of a new legislative requirement for large private companies to report on their corporate governance arrangements, the Board decided to adopt the Wates Corporate Governance Principles for Large Private Companies. The purpose of this report is to explain how the Principles have been applied in 2020. 
Purpose and leadership 
As a wholly owned subsidiary, our strategy is driven by our parent company's purpose which is to make home repairs and improvements easy. We have a clearly defined strategy focused on an aspiration to be the UK's favourite people to help with your home and this has been clearly communicated throughout the organisation. 
The Board monitors performance against the strategic objectives and plan and reviews the implementation of the strategy. 
Our values and culture. are articulated through our People and Customer Promises and the Board receives regular updates in respect of employee engagement and customer insight. The Board gains valuable insight and feedback from the Executive Directors in respect of the culture and behaviour across the business and the internal audit function also considers culture as part of their reviews. 
Board composition 
As at 31 March 2020, the Board comprised four Independent Non-Executive Directors (including the Chairman) and four Executive Directors. The Non-Executive Directors have a diverse range of skills and experience which enables them to oversee business performance and provide constructive challenge. The Executive Directors have extensive commercial, financial and operational experience both within HomeServe and beyond. 
The Chairman, David Hynam, is responsible for the effective operation of the Board. Six meetings are held each year and the agenda is balanced between strategic discussions, business performance and control matters. 
The Board reviews its effectiveness and the effectiveness of its Committees on a periodic basis. Reviews are facilitated externally by Lintstock Limited. The last review was conducted in January 2020 and was based on an online questionnaire which was completed by all Board members and a number of other regular attendees. The output was discussed by the Board in March 2020.
The performance of the Board and its Committees was rated highly with positive comments made about the atmosphere in the boardroom and the relationships between Board members. Consideration was given to what the Board could improve on and it was agreed that it would be helpful to visit different operational sites and set aside more time for engagement with the workforce. 
Director responsibilities 
The Board is responsible for the effective leadership and long-term success of the Company. Terms of reference are in place and the Board has also approved written terms of reference of the Committees to which it has delegated its authority in certain matters. 
As the Company is regulated by the FCA, the accountabilities and responsibilities of each Director are set out in their Senior Management Statements of Responsibilities. In addition, the governance framework is set out in a Management Responsibilities Map. 
The day to day running of the business is the responsibility of the Chief Executive Officer. An Executive Committee supports him in his duties. 
Opportunity and risk 
The Board's primary responsibility is to promote the long-term success of the Company by creating and delivering sustainable shareholder value. One Board meeting each year is devoted to strategic discussions. The execution of the strategy is assessed at regular intervals during the year and aspects of the strategy are discussed at each Board meeting as required. 
The Board has delegated oversight of risk to a Risk, Assurance & Compliance Committee which is chaired by an Independent Non-Executive Director, Diana Miller. Terms of reference have been agreed for the Committee and 
· where appropriate, the Committee refers matters to the Board for discussion. Minutes of the Committee meetings are circulated to the Board as a whole and the Chairman of the Committee provides an update on discussions to the Board. 
The Compliance & Risk Director reports to the Board at each meeting and attends all meetings of the Board and the Risk, Assurance & Compliance Committee. 
There is an established process for managing risk in the business. Oversight of the process is provided by a Management Risk Committee which meets six times a year. The risk governance model is based on the 'three lines of defence' as follows: 
181 line of defence A risk management framework is in place which includes the agreed risk appetite, policies and procedures. There is a formal process for identifying, managing and reporting on the operational and financial risks faced by the business. Risks are reviewed in detail at the Management Risk Committee and, on an overall basis, by Risk, Assurance & Compliance Committee. Support is provided by the 2nd line of defence oversight functions. 
2nd line of defence Independent oversight is provided by the various control functions including risk, compliance and specialist functions such as health & safety and information security. The 2nd line provides advice to the Board and the Risk, Assurance & Compliance Committee on risk appetites, independent review of risk ratings and action plans and reports on risk management. 
3rd line of defence HomeServe pie (the ultimate holding company) has a dedicated internal audit function which covers all Group companies including the Company and a formal audit plan is in place to address the key risks and the operation and effectiveness of internal controls. The function reports to the Board through the Risk, Assurance & Compliance Committee.
Remuneration 
As a wholly owned subsidiary of a listed company, the Company's remuneration structures for Executives are guided by the remuneration policy set by the HomeServe pie Remuneration Committee and approved by the shareholders of HomeServe pie. That policy is based on the following principles: 
• • 
• • to align rewards with the Group's financial and operational performance 
to ensure that remuneration, in particular, variable pay, supports the Group's strategy as a customer focused operation 
to promote high levels of executive share ownership to encourage a long-term focus and alignment of interest between executives and shareholders 
to attract, retain and motivate high calibre executives. 
A Remuneration Committee has been established, with agreed terms of reference. The Committee approves the remuneration of Executives, taking into account information on pay and conditions elsewhere in the Company. 
Stakeholder relationships and engagement 
The Company is a wholly owned subsidiary of HomeServe pie. Two of its Executive Directors regularly attend Board meetings and this allows the view of shareholders to be shared and considered. 
Executives have responsibility for managing key stakeholders including the workforce, customers, contractors, underwriters and suppliers. They ensure that insight from these groups is presented to the Board and considered as part of the decision making process. 
Our people are one of our most important stakeholders and the People Director attends Board meetings to ensure that there is appropriate focus on this group. An employee engagement survey is completed annually and the results, along with action plans to address any issues are discussed at the Board. 
As a customer facing business, our policyholders are another key stakeholder group. Customer insight is regularly presented to the Board and policyholder outcomes are at the centre of discussions at the Risk, Assurance & Compliance Committee.

