Corporate Governance 
Honda Motor Co has adopted a "company wi1h an Audit and Supervisory Committee" system with the aim of reinforcing lhe supervisory function of the Board of Directors and ensuring the prompt decision-making. It has published the Honda Corporate Government Basic Policies and reports in accordance with this in the Honda Motor Corporation Annual Report. ·1111: Board of Directors of the Group follows these principles lhrough the adoption of group-wide policies and procedures. 
For lhc year ended 31 March 2020, the Group has adopled the Wates Corporate Governance Principles for Large Private Companies (published by the Financial Reporting Council ("FRC") in December 2018 and available on the FRC wt:bsitc). Honda strives to enhance corporate governance as one of the most important tasks for its managcmenl in order to strengthen the trust or our shureholders/investors, customers and socie1y: encourage limdy, decisive and risk-considered decision-making, seek sustainable growth and the enhancement of corporate value in the mid- to Jong-tern,, and continues lO be a company that society wants to exist. 
Purpose and leadership Honda Motor Co Limited has published its 2030 Vision which is to bring the universal passion of Honda to "serve people worldwide wicJ1 the joy of expanding their life's potential." And toward this end, we will "lend the advancement of mobility and enable people everywhere in the world to improve their daily lives." The Board of Directors of Honda Motor Co determines the overall strategy and business model of the global Group based on this vision. 


The rnid-lcnn plans are produced for a three year period and cascaded to the regions. The company lhen produces its annual objeclives in line with the mid-term plan and global 2030 Vision.

Board Composition The members of the Board of Directors arc disclosed in tl1c Directors Report and each director brings a different set of skills and experience ensuring the Board as a whole has a high-level of understanding of 1he company's business needs and stakeholder interests.· 
Director Responsibilities In line with the direction from Honda Motor Co, the Directors of HME sit on tl1e European Risk Management Committee which in tum reports into tl1e Global Corporate Governance Structure. In addition, the Directors arc responsible for the application of group-wide policies and practices and for ensuring compliance with specific legal and regulatory frameworks applicable in lhe geographies the Group operates in. This includes responsibility for statutory reporting and taxation matters. 
Opportunity and Risk Toe Directors recognitiou oflhe position in tcmts of Opportunity and Risk is outlined .in the strategic report within the section on "Principle risks and uncer1ain1ics". Risks nre identified by WB)' of a bonom up approach with branches, subsidiaries and company divisions being · asked 10 complete a self-assessment lcmplate on an annual basis. The top 5 risks arc lhen kepi under close review by the Risk Commillec. 
Remuneralion 
· DircclOrs' remuneration is established under group-wide remuneration principles established by Honda Motor Co, aligned with Group and· individual performance and behaviours and subject to annual assessment and appraisals in the same way as all other employees of the Group. The UK Board docs not have the authority to determine its own remuneration. 
The Directors have an obligation undcnhe Honda Code of Conduct to declare conflicts of interest to the Board of consideration. Any such conflicts arc then documented and managed in accordance with the requirement. 
In 2019 the Group reported its Gender Pay Group reporting for the second year and there has been a reduction in lhc gender pay gap due to more female srafTin senior (higher paid) roles. 
S1akeholder relalionships and engagemenl 'llte company is a 100% subsidiary of Honda Motor Co Limited. As explained in the Section 172 Statement below, the Board actively considers the interests of all stakeholders when dctcnnining the strategic direction of lhe Group.
