Statement of corporate governance arrangements 
HS1 Ltd has turnover over £200m and total assets more than £2 billion for the period ended 31 March 2020, therefore it is defined as a large private Company. The Board has decided to adopt the Wates Corporate Governance Principles for Large Private Companies as its chosen corporate governance code to be compliant with for the financial year ended 31 March 2020. The Board considers the Wates Principles the best option given the nature of the business and the Wates Principles relevance to it. 
Principle 1 - Purpose and leadership 
The Directors of HS1 demonstrate the principles of promoting the success of the Company, act with integrity and lead by example, and are committed to building positive relationships with employees and all other stakeholders. The Board has a clear understanding of the views of shareholders from communications at Board meetings, Board sub-committees and regular dialogue on-going to ensure shareholder views and concerns are understood and addressed. 
Values and Culture 
.HS1 's values, purpose, and strategy (Protect, Evolve and Grow) are integral to the way it operates. HS1 values are part of its induction process for new staff and are core to internal processes with integration into all functions and operations of the business. Employees are measured against their demonstration of HS1 's values in annual performance reviews, to ensure that their behaviours and practices are in aligned with business values and purpose. 
The Board, shareholders and management are committed to embedding the desired culture throughout the organisation. Culture is measured through the People Strategy as well as the annual employee engagement and Pulse surveys and benchmarked to other companies. Ongoing monitoring also takes place by the HR Business Partner and Senior Management Team, employee exit interviews and regular team meetings. 
HS1 has a Staff Handbook and Whistleblowing Policy which enables concerns to be raised confidentially and anonymously to the Board. There is an annual review of the Whistleblowing Policy. The Whistleblowing Policy is designed to ensure process integrity and robustness and, if an investigation is required, HS1 would ensure full indepen~ence and no bias in identifying an Investigating Officer. 
Conflicts of interest are declared at the start of each Board and Subcommittee meeting. Strategy 
Alongside a Five-Year Asset Management Statement, submitted to and approved by HS1's regulator the Office of Rail and Road (".ORR") prior to the start of each control period (Control Period 3 started on 1 April 2020). HS1 prepares a rolling 5-year business plan that is reviewed annually which demonstrates how HS1 proposes to generate long-term sustainable value for the Company and stakeholders like the Department for Transport and the Train Operating Companies (TOCs). 
Principle 2 - Board composition Chair 
The Chair is an independent appointment for a 3-year term. The roles of Chair and CEO are exercised by different individuals to ensure a balance of power and effective decision-making. Furthermore, Board subcommittees are chaired by Directors different to the Chair and CEO of the overall Group to ensure a balance of responsibility and reflect Board Directors' expertise.

Balance and Diversity 
HS1 's Board is comprised of professionals experienced in the rail industry, Project and Corporate Finance, Engineering, Asset management and Health and Safety. The Board is kept appraised of the business's performance and shareholder interests through regular Board and Subcommittee reporting, as well as periodic CEO Reports to the Board. 
Appointments to the Board are made with the aim of balancing key skill sets on the Board to ensure appropriate experience to oversee management and assess the business performance. The Board notes that there could be more diversity within the Board. The business will formally consider over the next year the balance of expertise, diversity and objectivity on the Board. 
A policy on diversity and inclusion in relation to the workforce is being developed by the HR Business Partner. The Board will consider diversity as part of any future Board appointments. Size and Structure 
HS1 has two appointed independent non-executive Directors, which is relevant given the ownership structure. The Board delegates detailed oversight to five subcommittees (Audit and Finance; HR and Remuneration; Asset; Health and Safety; and Contracts) to enable effective decision-making, see "Board Committees" below. 
Effectiveness 
HS1 does not have a formalised professional development programme for the Board, the shareholder representative development is carried out at the shareholder level and the Board composition is decided to balance the needs of the business. The chairman reviews Board effectiveness through regular review sessions and HS1 does not currently carry out an annual evaluation of the performance of the Board as do the shareholders, its Subcommittees, the Chairman, or individual Directors. The Board will consider the appropriateness of an annual effectiveness review in the coming year. 
Principle 3 - Director responsibilities Accountability 
HS1 has established and maintains corporate governance practices through the Company Secretary to support effective decision-making. 
HS1 maintains policies and practices that govern the internal affairs of the Company including, without limitation, terms of reference for the Board and various Subcommittees, delegated authorities, and the shareholder agreement. 
Conflicts are declared at the commencement of every Board and Subcommittee. 
Governance processes are periodically reviewed through meetings between the General Counsel and the Chair, and at the Board Strategy Day held annually. Committees 
HS1 has 5 Subcommittees (Audit and Finance, HR and Remuneration, Asset, Health and Safety and contracts), chaired by separate Board members and all committees are attended by the Chair and the CEO, and the General Counsel as Company Secretary. 
Term of reference for each Subcommittee sets out the authorities delegated.


Integrity of information 
HS1 's Subcommittees play a part in ensuring formal and robust internal processes to ensure systems and controls are operating effectively. The Sub-committees each report back to the Board on a periodic basis providing reliable information to enable the Directors to monitor and challenge the business performance and make informed decisions. 
In addition, policies and procedures are reviewed and updated regularly to ensure they remain relevant and up to date. 
Principle 4 - Opportunity and risk Opportunity 
HS1 's strategy is to protect the core business, evolve to meet future challenges and seek opportunities to grow the business while generating returns for our shareholders. Each Directorate measures how HS1 generates and preserves value over the long term through the application of these principles. 
HS1 has a Head of Business Development whose role includes identifying business opportunities, future opportunities for innovation and entrepreneurship. Key new business opportunities are discussed and approved at Board level. 
· Risk 
HS1 's Board has responsibility for overall strategic decision-making. The Audit & Finance Subcommittee has delegated responsibility for overseeing risk management and reports this to the Board on a quarterly basis and risks are also reviewed at the annual strategy day at the Board. 
HS1 has Risk Management Procedures that are reviewed annually. Principle 5 - Remuneration Setting remuneration 
The HR and Remuneration Subcommittee has the responsibility for determining the policy in relation to remuneration for the executive management. Shareholder representative Board members are not reviewed by HS1. 
The HR and Remuneration Subcommittee reviews remuneration in relation to the Chair and the Senior Management Team against performance (including Safety, Asset and Cash delivery), behaviours, professional objectives and the business' values and strategy. 
Policies 
Remuneration schemes and policies are clearly set up with focus on metrics for business imperatives, such as safety, asset performance and cashflow, this enables effective accountability to shareholders. HS1 is required to separately comply with the same requirements for Senior Management under the Long-Term Incentive Plan ("LTIP") Rules and the Annual Bonus Plan ("ABP") Rules. 
HS1 has not formally assessed whether a gender pay gap exists but notes the male female ratio of Senior Management is 40:60. The business will review whether to report in more detail on gender pay gaps in the coming year.


Principle 6 - Stakeholder relationships and engagement External impacts 
HS1 's strategy is to protect the core business, evolve to meet future challenges and seek opportunities to grow the business while generating returns for our shareholders. Each Directorate measures how HS1 generates and preserves value over the long term through the application of these principles. 
HS1 has a formalised and ongoing Risk Management Procedure to facilitate the management of long-term value of the business, ensuring risks are identified, assessed and actions are taken to reduce business impacts. 
HS1 has also develope9 a Sustainability strategy and built this into its 10-year vision. Stakeholders 
HS1 assesses the impact of its activities on its stakeholders, in particular customers, employees, regulators, partners and suppliers and the wider community. 
Relevant matters are reviewed at Board meetings with management and assessed against strategic priorities, this collaborative approach helps promote the long-term vision of the Group. 
Each Directorate oversees HS1 's relationship with different stakeholder groups in order to ensure effective business oversight. 
HS1 presents stakeholders a fair, balanced and understandable assessment of the Company's position and prospects through its annual report. Workforce 
HS1 has channels that enable the workforce to share ideas and concerns with senior management, including the informal "PEG" (Protect, Evolve, and Grow) Board to take staff suggestions, as well as a number of employee representatives on the "People Forum" who discuss issues with management. The People Forum discuss areas such as the Whistleblowing Policy, the Engagement survey results and the PEG Board ideas. Staff performance is monitored through regular one-to-one meetings with line management plus interim and annual performance reviews and annual calibration of reviews. The Board has a team lunch with the wider staff a number of several times a year. 
The Whistleblowing Policy is reviewed annually to ensure effectiveness. 
HS1 policies and practices are aligned with the Company's purpose and values. This is monitored and updated by the HR Business Partner.

The Board demonstrates how HS1 has undertaken effective engagement with material stakeholders through discussion and actions identified at the Board and Subcommittee meetings. They are recorded in minutes and actions are recorded on a rolling action log reviewed every quarter.
