Wates Corporate Governance Report 
The Company is an indirect wholly owned subsidiary of CK Hutchison Holdings Limited ("CKHH", and together with its subsidiaries, the "CKHH Group"), a company whose shares are listed on the main board of The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited. 
The Company is engaged in the provision of mobile communications services in the United Kingdom. From its inception, the Company as part of the CKHH Group strives to attain and maintain high standards of corporate governance best suited to the needs and interests of the CKHH Group. It believes that an effective corporate governance framework is fundamental to promoting and safeguarding the interests of shareholders and other stakeholders and enhancing shareholder value. 
For the year ended 31 December 2019, under The Companies (Miscellaneous Reporting) Regulations 2018 applicable to companies reporting for financial years starting on or after 1 January 2019, the Company has adopted the Wates Corporate Governance Principles for Large Private Companies (the "Wates Principles"). 
Principle 1 - Purpose and Leadership The principal objective of the Company is aligned with the strategic goal of the CKHH Group to enhance long-term total return for its shareholders. To achieve this objective, the Company focuses on achieving recurring and sustainable cash flow and earnings growth and maintaining the Company's financial strength and stability. 
The Company seeks to meet its objectives through the execution of its strategic initiatives, primarily focused on network and the business operating model transformation which will provide the necessary platform for scaling the business. The Company's goal is to grow the business and reach more customers in a sustainable way. The Company believes it will do this by being the best loved brand by people and customers, a purpose which takes the Company beyond mobile, moving from a mobile network operator to a personal connectivity provider. Part of this has been achieved with the launch of the world's first telco cloud core network which is supporting growing the subscriber base and we are in the process of transforming the business operating model. The Company will simplify, improve and expand customers' experiences, while being agile and able to bring new opportunities to the market, enabling the Company to remain relevant in an ever-changing industry. The performance in the current year against the Company's goals is detailed in the Business Review and future developments in our Strategic Report on pages 3-5.


Principle 1 Purpose and Leadership (continued) 
The board of the directors (the "Board") is appointed by CKHH, the ultimate parent entity. The views of shareholders are clearly communicated through various channels. Whilst the Board is responsible for the overall direction and management of the Company, to ensure effective day-to-day management of the Company, it has delegated signing authority to certain senior officers and employees which is generally based on financial thresholds. In addition, to maintain an appropriate level of control over strategic and certain other activities, the Board has identified certain matters that can only be approved by the Board. The Board regularly reviews the signing authority and list of matters reserved for Board approval to ensure their appropriateness. 
The senior management team (SMT) and members of the Board meet regularly to discuss and review strategies, performance, business plans, budgets, and risk profiles of the Company. Whilst the Board is charged with the task of promoting the long-term success of the Company and making decisions in the best interests of the Company with due regard to sustainability considerations, the SMT is accountable for the conduct and performance of the Company within the agreed strategies. The Board together with the SMT instil and uphold the Company's objectives and strategies through the day-to-day operations and management of the Company. 
The purpose and strategy are shared with the general Company population via regular roadshow events, publications on the intranet, keynote speeches from the Company's SMT members and from senior leadership teams. Further, they are communicated across the business by differing means and at different levels of detail dependant on the audience and needs of an individual's role. A decision-making framework exists outlining the forum which sets out the strategy and purpose, those empowered to execute the strategy and those who are informed on the progress of execution against the plan. The process is managed through the operation of a centralised governance board whose remit is to ensure that the collective plan aligns with the overall Company strategy. The governance board oversees all business and technical change, and is made up of senior level personnel from across the key directorate groups, CEO being represented by their Business Manager. 
Corporate culture is the social norms and behaviours in the business and clearly sets out the behaviours that are demonstrated including being customer led, data driven and working collaboratively. 
The Board and SMT recognise the importance of its role in setting the tone and embedding the behaviours in the corporate culture and values. The SMT team holds regular sessions to identify the behaviours the Board wants to observe in themselves and senior leaders across the business that will demonstrate the Company's values, which is regularly reviewed using external insight and self-reflection. Insight from the employee engagement surveys provides measures against the Company's values and is used as the key indicator of progress against cultural change ambitions. 
The Company's Employee Value Proposition sets out the ambitions to be the best loved brand by people and outlines the key initiatives which underpin the transformation journey, the cultural change required and how that is measured. The Key Performance Indicators (KPl's) identified are measured through several mechanisms including the employee engagement survey, exit interviews, employee feedback sessions as well as through external benchmarking with Linkedln and Glassdoor. The insight is shared on a quarterly basis with Board members and senior leaders.


Principle 1 Purpose and Leadership (continued) 
The SMT leads on establishing transparent policies in relation to raising concerns about misconduct and unethical practices and embeds this education and awareness through annual mandatory training modules which include Bribery Act 2010, Competition Law, General Data Protection Regulation, Equal Opportunities and Health and Safety in the workplace. 
Principle 2 - Board Composition As at 31 December 2019, the Board comprised ten directors (including three alternate directors). In alignment with the Board Diversity policy of CKHH, the statutory directors in the Board have a diverse set of skills and expertise which include business management, strategic planning and risk management, financial reporting, legal and regulatory framework and industry knowledge/expertise. 
The positions of the Chairman and chief executive are being held by different individuals. The Chairman leads the Board and is responsible for its overall effectiveness, promoting open debates and facilitating constructive discussion. The Board, which comprises experienced professionals and the management of the CKHH Group, collectively demonstrates a high-level of understanding relevant to the business needs of the Company and stakeholder interests. The Board considers its current size and composition constitutes an effective Board appropriate to meet the strategic needs and challenges of the Company and ensure effective decision-making. The Company has not appointed any independent non-executive directors on the Board but is mindful of reviewing the need and making appropriate appointments as and when warranted. 
The Company arranges professional training such as briefing sessions to management, webcasts and relevant reading materials to directors to help ensure that they are apprised of the commercial, legal and regulatory environment in which the Company operates its business. The Company arranges and provides learning and development training such as bespoke training modules, seminars, webcasts and relevant reading materials to directors. These help to ensure that they are apprised of the latest changes in the commercial (including industry-specific and innovative changes), legal and regulatory environment in which the Company conducts its businesses and to refresh their knowledge and skills on the roles, functions and duties of a company director. Attendance at external forums or briefing sessions (including delivery of speeches) on relevant topics is also considered development. 
The Board performance is assessed through the use of evaluation questionnaires. The results of these are reviewed by the Board with the objective of ensuring that the Board acts effectively in fulfilling the duties and responsibilities expected of it. 
The Board validates the Company strategy and oversees overall commercial performance. 
Business level operation and decision making is the responsibility of the SMT, which also covers the obligations and standards set out in the Code of Corporate Governance. 
As at 31 December 2019, the SMT comprised the Chief Executive Officer and eight functional directors who represent all business directorates, including Chief Commercial Officer, Chief Financial Officer, Chief Marketing Officer, Chief Operating Officer, Chief Technology Officer, People Director, General Counsel & Director of Regulatory Affairs and Director of Lifecycle Services.


Principle 3 - Board & Director Responsibilities 
The Board, each director and the SMT have a clear understanding of their accountability and responsibilities. The Board is committed to achieving and maintaining the high standards of corporate governance structure, policies and practices of the CKHH Group, taking into account the business and regulatory frameworks within which the Company operates. Business plans and budgets are prepared annually by management of the Company and then subject to review and approval by the Board and the senior management team of CKHH as part of CKHH's five-year corporate planning cycle. The SMT and senior managers of the Company are also responsible for preparing monthly management reports on the financial results and key operating statistics of the Company. Monthly meetings are held with the senior management team of CKHH to review these reports, business performance against budgets, forecasts, significant business risks sensitivities and the strategies of the Company. 
The Board as a whole is responsible for promoting the long-term success of the Company and making decisions in the best interests of the Company in line with the agreed business plans and strategies. Throughout the year, management of the Company provides to the directors updates and other information with respect to the performance, business activities and development of the Company. In meeting its responsibilities, the Board seeks to inculcate risk awareness across the Company's business operation and has put in place policies and procedures, including parameters of delegated authorities, which provide a framework for the identification, reporting and management of risks. 
The directors participate in the deliberation and approval of operational matters of the Company by way of written resolutions with supporting explanatory materials, supplemented by additional verbal and/or written information from the Company Secretary or other executives as and when required. Pursuant to the Articles of Association of the Company, a director who is interested in an actual or proposed transaction or arrangement with the Company is to be counted as participating in the decision making process for quorum and voting purposes, subject to the disclosure as is required by the Companies Act and the Articles of Association of the Company. In addition, directors have full access to information on the Company and independent professional advice at all times whenever deemed necessary and they are at liberty to propose appropriate matters for inclusion in Board agendas or the monthly meetings explained above. 
The Board considers that all of these robust corporate governance and internal control frameworks and Company leadership, working together, promote effective stewardship to deliver long-term value for the Company and its shareholders as a whole. 
The CEO is responsible for the careful consideration of the structure, size, diversity profile and skills makeup of the SMT, and the progress in achieving the strategic needs and challenges of the organisations as well as meeting the diversity objectives of the Company. 
The SMT runs regular reflection sessions where they evaluate the effectiveness and productivity of the SMT meetings and its members, and a programme of continuous improvement activities is managed by the Business Manager to the CEO. 
The SMT meets monthly with the Chairman to review financial and commercial performance and align on strategy. A fully comprehensive monthly report is issued which provides detail of the Company performance and strategy which is typically presented face to face to allow for constructive dialogue.


Principle 3 Board & Director Responsibilities (continued) 
Upon appointment to the SMT, members of the SMT participate in an onboarding programme which includes an orientation of the Company's business and are provided with a detailed induction to the Group's businesses, strategic direction and governance practice by senior executives. 
The Board and the SMT is supported by two permanent activities: (1) the Monthly Business Review, where the business performance both operationally and financially is reviewed; and (2) the Risk and Compliance Board, where the key business risks are reviewed and actioned upon. Other board committees are established by the Board as and when warranted to take charge of specific tasks. There is an Audit Committee which is based at CKHH, reviews the Report and provides input as and where appropriate to ensure effective risk management is in place. 
Principle 4 - Opportunity and Risk 
The Company is committed to the long-term sustainability of its business by regularly reviewing its business models and practises to identify opportunities for improving its performance and creating value for stakeholders. 
The Company, as part of the CKHH Group, adopts an Enterprise Risk Management (ERM) framework which is consistent with the COSO (the Committee of Sponsoring Organisations of the Treadway Commission) framework. The framework facilitates a systematic approach in identifying, assessing and managing risks within the Company, whether strategic, financial, operational or compliance related. Risk management is an integral part of the day-to-day operations and management of the Company. There is ongoing dialogue amongst the SMT of the Company about the current and emerging risks, their impact and mitigation measures. On a half-yearly basis, the Company is required to formally identify and assess the significant risks its business faces. Relevant risk information including key mitigation measures and plans are recorded in a risk register to facilitate the ongoing review and tracking of progress by the management team of the Company and the Board. The principal risks and uncertainties relevant to the management of the Company and the executive of the Company's strategy are in the Company's Strategic Report. 
In terms of formal risk review and reporting, the composite risk register together with the risk heat map generated from the various risk registers of the core business of the CKHH Group (including the Company), as confirmed by the executive directors of CKHH, form part of the Risk Management Report for review and approval by the Audit Committee of CKHH on a half-yearly basis. The Audit Committee, on behalf of the board of CKHH, reviews the Report and provides input as appropriate so as to ensure effective risk management is in place across the CKHH Group and the Company. 
For a detail of the principal risks, please refer to the Strategic Report on pages 6-9. Principle 5 - Remuneration 
Following the remuneration policy of the CKHH Group, the remuneration of the Board (other than those representing CKHH) and senior executives of the Company is determined with reference to their expertise and experience in the industry, the performance and profitability of the Company as well as remuneration benchmarks from other local and international companies and prevailing market conditions. All employees also participate in bonus arrangements which are determined in accordance with the performance of the Company. The Board considers that the remuneration structure of the Company aligns with the Company's objectives, values and strategies to support long-term sustainable success.

Principle 5 Remuneration (continued) 
The remuneration of the SMT and the directors of the Board is set by the CKHH Remuneration Committee (the "Rem Co"). The remuneration of all senior executives of the Company is agreed with the Rem Co. For the rest of the employees, remuneration is agreed by the line manager and approved by two levels up of from the line manager, but if outside of pay ranges, it will be approved by the Rem Co. 
For senior executive management and the SMT, the Company benchmarks remuneration each January against the market using both Willis Towers Watson and PwC FTSE250 or equivalent benchmarks and also internal peer to peer comparisons. 
The annual bonus is determined based on the Company's performance for the year. 
The ultimate decision for SMT remuneration and bonus payments rests with the Rem Co. The Rem Co also approves the overall salary review and bonus pot for the whole workforce. 
This Rem Co meets towards the end of each year to determine the remuneration package of directors and senior management of the 3UK Group. The responsibilities of the Rem Co are to assist CKHH in the administration of a fair and transparent procedure for setting remuneration policies for all the directors in the Board, SMT and senior executive management. It has reviewed and approved the proposed 2019 base salary for the SMT. 
Prior to the end of the year, the Rem Co reviewed and approved the year-end bonus for all Company employees and the 2019 remuneration package of the SMT. 
Principle 6 - Stakeholder Relationships and Engagement 
The Board promotes engagement and communications with stakeholders. With support from the Board, the Company fosters and maintains ongoing dialogues with its key stakeholders, including employees, shareholders and investors, customers, business partners, suppliers, regulators, Government, community groups and media partners. The Company actively encourages employees to express their views and has established various channels such as regular seminars and forums to facilitate communication with, and seek views from, employees. The Company also regularly collects views from other stakeholders through a variety of channels, such as through the employee engagement survey. 
The Company is committed to achieving and maintaining high standards of openness, probity and accountability. The whistle-blowing policy and mechanisms allow the employees of the Company and those who deal with the Company (e.g. customers and suppliers) to report to the Company with confidence any suspected impropriety, misconduct or malpractice concerning the Company. Cases reported are followed up independently and will be reported by the internal audit function of CKHH to the Audit Committee and executive management of CKHH. 
The Company has adopted a proactive approach to social, economic and environmental responsibilities. The Company takes pride in serving the community through its businesses and other initiatives. Please see below for more information.


Principle 6 Stakeholder Relationships and Engagement (continued) 
Customers The Company has over 10 million active customers who it provides connectivity services across a range of allowances, pricing and payment options to meet their individual needs. The Company also deals with a further 1.7 million customers through relationships with mobile virtual network operators helping to expand the range and choice of providers in the marketplace. 
Understanding the customers is crucial to the success and long-term strategies are underpinned by robust, nationally representative quantitative insight, putting the customer at the heart of the Company. 
The Company runs a continuous, agile product co-creation programme, speaking to customers to develop relevant new services and optimise the customer experience through customer usability testing. The extensive customer trials ensure the Company gets it right before launching mass market. 
Engagements with customers: 
Develop new products This year the Company has launched an exciting 5G broadband product to replace existing fixed-line services which suffer from low customer satisfaction. The product is plug and play, so does not require an engineer visit and offers 'fibre-like' speeds. 
Develop new IT systems 
The Company will shortly launch new IT systems which will allow interactions with customers to become even more personal and fulfilling. These systems have been developed based on direct customer feedback. 
Help hearing impaired customers The Company recognises that some customers need to interact in a different way. Therefore, the Company offers a video relay service which allows customers to talk using British Sign Language through an interpreter via their device or a number of retail stores. The Company also provides alternative billing and correspondence options and provides various ways for the customers to communicate with the Company including web chat and Text Relay. 
Regulators and government 
The Company engages on a regular basis with government, politicians and regulators to ensure that the benefits of the digital connectivity that the Company provides are understood. The Company also works with them to help them understand how changes to policy frameworks can help enhance the service provided to UK consumers and businesses. 
Engagement includes one-on-one and industry meetings with Government Ministers, regulators, policymakers, consumer groups, Think Tanks, MPs (Members of Parliament), councillors and other political organisations and public bodies. There are also more formal interactions including information requests and responses to policy consultations.


Principle 6 Stakeholder Relationships and Engagement (continued) Engagements with regulators and government: Shared Rural Network 
The Company continues to work with the industry, Ofcom and DCMS on proposals to enhance rural connectivity in the UK. 
Enabling SG rollout and enhancing connectivity in the UK The Company has been engaging with government and stakeholders to change the planning process to ensure fast, effective and cost-efficient rollout of digital connectivity. 
Suppliers The Company works with around 1,000 suppliers and spends hundreds of millions of pounds with them every year. The Company's partners and suppliers are vital to business and they help to meet the everchanging needs of customers. The Company recognises that partners contribute to culture and work with them to include them in social and other activities to ensure that they feel part of the Company. 
Regular briefings - The Company holds regular briefing sessions with partners, so they understand and embrace the Company's culture and strategy, and understand the Company's objectives. 
Partnerships - The Company has recently embraced deeper partnerships for new technology. Employees of chosen providers work side by side with the Company's employees to ensure that everyone is working as a team and to one plan. 
Supplier Code of Conduct -All suppliers must adhere to a Code of Conduct which governs social, ethical, environmental and legal requirements. 
People 
The Company's most valuable asset is the workforce. The success of the Company is inextricably linked to how engaged the workforce is with the Company's strategy, how motivated they are and how happy they are inside and outside of work. A key part of the Company's strategy is to become the Best Loved Brand by Our People. 
Engagement with people: 
To enable two-way dialogue with its employees, the Company has and promotes an effective employee forum with employee representatives from each head office function and each area of the retail estate. Meetings are held at least 4 times a year with management. In addition, the employee forum representatives hold ''Tell us" sessions in their functions and feedback from these is given to the senior management of the function. The Company's values underpin workforce practices, such as performance management, assessment for recruitment and talent management of existing employees. There is also a recognition scheme which rewards these behaviours. If employees have any concerns these can be raised via the Company's whistle-blowing policy which includes a confidential external whistle-blowing line. Each function has a quarterly update around the financial and economic factors affecting the performance of the Company presented by the function's respective SMT member.


Principle 6 Stakeholder Relationships and Engagement (continued) 
From 1 April 2020, everyone in retail will receive company-funded private healthcare essentials which will help and support, in and out of work, with personalised care for musculoskeletal conditions and mental healthcare. 
Wellness This is an employee-driven initiative to ensure all employees feel their best at work. All head office 
employees are given a two-hour window on a Wednesday where members of staff are encouraged not to schedule meetings but to use this time for their personal wellbeing. The Company has also trained employees to be Mental Health First Aiders to spot and help the people in need. Other initiatives include access to Digital GPs, financial wellbeing support and additional leave to attend special life moments like school sports days. In 2019, the Company has won awards which are Leadership & Culture Award (REBA Employee Wellbeing Awards 2019), Health & Wellbeing Award (HR Excellence Awards 2019) and Health and Wellbeing of the Year Award (HR Network Awards 2019). 
Employee Forum The Employee Forum meets on a regular basis and has direct representation through SMT and indirect representation with the Board to raise issues that are important to workforce. 
Sense check survey 
The Company regularly surveys employees anonymously, so they can provide feedback on what is working well and what isn't. 
Community and environment The Company believes that companies have a responsibility to positively impact the society in which they operate. In addition to work on mental health, the Company engages with a large number of people and groups to ensure they are using technology in a way that supports people to make their lives better. 
Some of the initiatives this year included: 
Discovery The Company's Discovery programme delivers free digital skills training courses to communities, businesses and individuals that are digitally excluded from society. The aim is to make mobile technology accessible and enjoyable for everyone in an environment in which no question is too silly, and no solution too hard to find. This started in one retail store in Maidenhead, and today, all retail stores are now able to offer Discovery sessions for anyone seeking to make their lives easier and more enjoyable through digital technology. The sessions empower and educate people of all ages and abilities to develop some of the core skills needed for a digital world. From digital job hunting and security, to vlogging and coding, the Company now offers over 40 different courses, which will continue to evolve as new technology gains ground. 
The Company believes that digital skills are vital for making the most of everyday life and that digital technology can generate innovation, open doors to opportunity, and help people forge connections. Over the past five years, the Company has supported 75,000 people across the country to build their digital skills and make the most of the technology at their fingertips.


Principle 6 Stakeholder Relationships and Engagement (continued) Reconnected 
Reconnected uses handsets donated by staff and customers to help people who have no smartphone or connectivity access. Handsets are refurbished before being donated via a number of charities which help a broad range of people including the homeless, military veterans and the unemployed. The Company provides three months connectivity on the network to help them access the services they need, look for jobs and reconnect with friends and family. 
Environment 
The Company operates Ethical Responsibility Policies which promote consideration of the impact of activities on the environment. Operationally, the Company takes care to procure environmentally friendly materials. The Company strives towards energy efficient data centres, seeking renewable energy solutions where possible for electricity contracts. 
On the technical side, the Company's new cloud core consumes much less power than traditional telco core infrastructures, and once the Company's growth strategy is completed, the Company's infrastructure will deliver further environmental efficiencies. 
The Company also has the Waste Electrical and Electronic Equipment (WEEE) certificate whereby electric waste is responsibly disposed to avoid the electrical waste containing chemicals that are harmful to the environment to decay and leak toxins into the earth and water systems. 
The Company also considers ethical and environmental values of prospective partners and other third parties when considering new relationships. This information is requested as part of the RFI process. Where external relationships are established, the Company includes ethical clauses to contracts and schedules. This is monitored as part of the ongoing relationship with the partners.
