Corporate Governance 
The group has applied the Wates Corporate Governance Principles for Large Private Companies (published by the Financial Reporting Council (FRC) in December 2018 and available on the FRC website), under the Companies (Miscellaneous Reporting) Regulations 2018, for the year ended 31 December 2019. Where appropriate the group additionally looks to follow corporate governance best practice in line with expectations of a regulated bank proportionate with its scale and size. 
The following describes how the principles of the Wates Corporate Governance Code have been met. Additional information on the governance structure and processes underpinning the group’s capital and risk management can be found in the Pillar 3 disclosure document. 
Principle 1 – Purpose and Leadership The group’s vision, as set by the Board, is to be a global leader in commodities and financial markets by serving our clients with integrity and excellence and is underpinned by values of; Client Centricity, Integrity, Excellence, Openness and Stakeholder Delivery. 
The vision and values align directly with the desirability of the group to maintain a reputation for high standards of business conduct. Consistent with these values, the Board sets and oversees a culture, conduct and compliance agenda which supports the way that the group does business.


An annual detailed strategic review and planning session is factored into the Board timetable and provides the Board with an opportunity to assess and, if necessary, re-direct the group’s strategic priorities. When making decisions on the strategic priorities the Board considers the consequences in the long term with a view to grow and strengthen the sustainability of the business. The group has a rolling four year business plan which is reviewed by the Board at least annually. 
The Board is involved in aligning the group’s culture with its purpose, with certain independent non-executive directors joining the chief executive and head of human resources on the Board culture working group, and executive directors participating as members of the company’s culture committee during 2019. 
Principle 2 – Board Composition The Board is led by an independent non-executive chairman and there are a further eight non-executive directors, three of whom are also independent. In addition there are four executive directors including the chief executive. A list of the current Board directors and former directors who served during 2019 is provided above. The Board recognises the importance of diversity and that it is a much wider issue than gender. The Board agrees that its members should collectively possess the broad range of skills, expertise and industry knowledge, business and other experience necessary for the effective oversight of the group’s business. 
The Board remuneration committee reviews proposed director appointments in accordance with suitability requirements and provides feedback to shareholders on proposed director appointments. There is a tailored induction programme for all new directors. 
An annual Board skills self-assessment is carried out and helps identify Board training areas and also informs skills to be strengthened in future director appointments. In addition, periodic Board effectiveness evaluations are undertaken. A self-evaluation of Board effectiveness has taken place in 2019 under the supervision of the chairman and the results used to inform discussions between the chairman and individual directors, assisting the chairman in strengthening effective performance of the Board. 
Principle 3 – Director Responsibilities The Board’s mandate, which is reviewed annually, includes the Board’s purpose, its authority, powers of delegation and terms of reference and also details its operations. The Board’s key responsibilities include to; 
• agree the group’s objectives and the strategies and plans for achieving these; 
• ensure that an effective risk management process, including a robust and prudent risk appetite statement, exists and is maintained;
ensure that an adequate budget and planning process exists, that performance is measured against budgets and plans, and approve annual budgets for the group; and 
• 
articulate and maintain a culture of risk awareness and ethical behaviour for the group to follow in pursuit of its business goals 
The Board has quarterly scheduled Board and Board committee meetings over a two day period and additional ad-hoc meetings are arranged as required. The presence of four independent non-executive directors with extensive industry experience provides valuable independent challenge, which aids effective decision making. 
There is a continual process of director training, including via targeted e-learning, one to one meetings, small group briefings and also briefings for the Board as a whole. Directors receive training to ensure they are clear on their responsibilities under UK law and regulations, for example relating to the general data protection regulation and the bribery act. All directors have access to the advice and services of the company secretary and may, if they wish, take professional advice at the company’s expense. 
During the year, the Board delegated certain specific oversight and decision making to the following sub-committees: 
Board audit committee This independent non-executive board committee monitors the processes for identifying, evaluating and managing risks and controls. In particular, this includes the quality, integrity and reliability of financial and accounting control systems. The committee’s other responsibilities are to review the scope of work of external and internal audit, to receive regular reports from internal audit and the external auditors, KPMG LLP, and to review the financial statements focusing in particular on accounting policies, and areas of management judgement and estimates. The committee meets quarterly. 
Membership: Judith Eden (chair), Isabella da Costa Mendes, Garry Jones and Andrew Simmonds. 
Ruwan Weerasekera served on this committee during the period until resigning as a director of the company. 
Board risk management committee This non-executive board committee provides an independent review and challenge to the group’s risk and compliance policies and the composition of the risk portfolio, its concentrations and the risk-taking decisions of the group, covering all aspects of risk including market, credit, country, liquidity, operational, business and reputational risks. The committee is also responsible for providing independent oversight of compliance across the group. The committee complements the audit committee which also studies, inter alia, risk controls and their operation, but from a different perspective. The committee meets quarterly.


Membership: Isabella da Costa Mendes (chair), Judith Eden, David Hodnett, Yabing Hu, Garry Jones, Barend Kruger, Lubin Wang and Andrew Simmonds. The role of chair was transferred from Andrew Simmonds to Isabella da Costa Mendes on 16 December 2019. 
Andrew Hall and Ruwan Weerasekera served on this committee during the period until resigning as directors of the company. Wenbin Wang served on this committee during the period until he was appointed chief executive. 
Board remuneration committee This non-executive board committee approves remuneration policy and long-term incentive schemes for staff, sets the remuneration of executive directors and other senior executives, and approves guidelines for the group’s annual salary and incentive reviews. The committee also acts in an advisory capacity to review and provide feedback to shareholders on proposed candidates for director appointments, including consideration of knowledge, skills and experience. 
Membership: Garry Jones (chair), Judith Eden, Ruixiang Han, Barend Kruger, Andrew Simmonds and Lubin Wang. 
Ruwan Weerasekera served on this committee as chair during the period until resigning as a director of the company. Wenbin Wang served on this committee during the period until he was appointed chief executive. 
Executive committee (formerly known as Governance committee until 7 November 2019) This committee is responsible for the day-to-day management of the group. Subject to the overall authority of the Board, the committee meets regularly to develop business strategy, initiate and review strategic initiatives, review and approve annual business plans, monitor financial performance against budget, monitor risk and all matters related to regulatory responsibilities and review the activities of its sub-committees. 
Membership: The committee comprises executive directors and certain senior executives. The members of the committee since 7 November 2019 are Wenbin Wang (chair and chief executive), Binliang Jin (alternate chair and president), Mark Basten, Pamela Hacker, Guido Haller, Philip Hurley and Shoujiang Wang. 
Marc van der Spuy served as chair of this committee during the period until resigning as chief executive and a director of the company on 31 March 2019. Other senior executives who served on the committee during the year were Nicki Auret, Ian Dalglish, Richard Fielder, Henry Luo, Albert Maartens, John Roncevich, Adam Sticpewich and Victor Yu. 
The major sub-committees supporting the executive/governance committee in fulfilling its responsibilities during the year were the capital management committee, risk management committee,


regulatory compliance committee, counterparty risk management committee, new products and significant transactions approval committee, transaction acceptance committee, integration and change committee, culture committee, outsourced services committee and Asia and New York regional management committees. 
Principle 4 – Opportunity and Risk Long term strategic opportunities are considered by the Board as part of its annual strategic review and planning session. The Board sets the group’s risk appetite statement and delegates to the chief executive and executive management team responsibility for pursuing business opportunities in line with the agreed business strategy, within the risk appetite. Opportunities identified by executive management which are either extraordinary or outside of usual strategy and/or risk appetite are escalated to the attention of the Board. 
New business opportunities are subject to rigorous internal governance and approval processes supported by specialist executive sub-committees such as the new products and significant transactions approval committee and the transaction acceptance committee, with oversight from the executive committee. 
The Board has ultimate responsibility for the oversight of risk and capital management and also regulatory and legal compliance (including conduct risk). The Board delegates certain responsibilities to the Board risk management committee and Board audit committee, as summarised earlier in this report. 
The principal risks to which the group is exposed together with the mitigating actions are set out in the strategic report. Information on risk management including the governance structure of the risk management framework, stress testing and detailed risk category descriptions and analysis is included in note 37 to the group’s annual financial statements. 
Principle 5 – Remuneration As described above, the Board delegates detailed oversight of remuneration policy and practice to the Board remuneration committee. The group’s detailed remuneration policy statement is included within its consolidated annual report and covers remuneration governance process, principles and strategy, and also the application of policies in relation to discretionary incentive awards, deferral and adjustment. 
Principle 6 – Stakeholder Relationships and Engagement In consideration of their responsibilities under section 172(1) of the Companies Act 2006 the Board has defined its key stakeholders as follows:


Shareholders The group’s relationship with its shareholders is governed through a shareholder agreement (SHA). The SHA is a key governance document that applies in conjunction with the articles of association and sets out specific matters that are reserved for shareholder decision. 
It also 
covers which matters are reserved for Board decision and sets out other administrative procedures such as those governing the composition of the Board, appointment of directors, administration of Board meetings, preparation of the business plan and budget, capital requests, shareholder communications and other related matters. 
In setting the group’s strategy the Board ensures the views of its two shareholders are considered, which is aided by the presence of shareholder representative non-executive directors on the Board. The chief executive has regular communications with both shareholders and in particular the majority shareholder, including visits to its Head Office in Beijing. 
Employees The Board agreed in February 2019 to appoint Judith Eden as the designated non-executive director for engagement with employees. This appointment provides an additional link between the Board and the workforce and was made to assist the Board in its objective of better understanding the views of employees and having regard to the interests of the employees when making decisions. 
The group consults with employees via an employee engagement survey. The results of this survey are discussed with the Board and the output drives initiatives aimed at enhancing employee engagement year on year. 
In terms of encouraging employee involvement in the group’s performance there is a comprehensive performance management and assessment scheme, which ensures that performance is linked to remuneration. In addition, during 2019, the group relaunched its staff recognition scheme. 
The Board recognises the importance of open communication with staff. The chief executive leads regular staff briefing sessions throughout the year to provide updates on the latest business strategy and developments, and progress against plans. These sessions assist in achieving a common awareness of the factors affecting the group’s performance and include updates from the chief financial officer and head of global markets. The staff briefing sessions are also an opportunity to champion initiatives relating to equity, diversity and inclusion, and corporate social responsibility. Other regular communications with staff include weekly news letters and director led small group discussions. 
The group is committed to a diverse and inclusive working environment where everyone, regardless of background, is treated with respect and opportunities afforded are equal. It is the group’s policy to ensure that all employees and job applicants are given equal opportunities and that they do not face discrimination on any grounds.


A Board culture working group met several times during 2019 with the aim to embed culture in discussions held and decisions made at Board level and supported the Board in leading the group’s vision for employee inclusion “be yourself, succeed together”. During 2019 there has been a focus on this vision including amending the employee engagement survey to receive feedback on the vision, amending some key policies (such as the shared parental leave arrangements) and arranging a number of activities supporting key dates, such as national inclusion week. 
In particular, training has 
been provided to all employees globally on what working within a respectful environment means, enabling employees to discuss and consider their approach and actions when working with others. 
The group recognises its responsibilities to provide a safe working environment for all its staff and measures are in place to ensure that the health and safety at work regulations are observed. The group believes the health of employees is key to a sustainable business model and has delivered various wellbeing initiatives over the year. Training awareness events have taken place and online toolkits are available to employees that can be accessed independently. The programme of events has included a focus on physical, mental and family health. 
Principal strategic decisions made by the Board during the year included the simplification of the group with the closure of the Tokyo, DIFC (Dubai) and Hong Kong branches, and the investment banking and equities businesses, and rationalisation of the global workforce. The Board considered the impact on employees in making these decisions and concluded they were in support of improving the overall sustainability of the group’s business model and protecting employee jobs in the long term. 
Regulators The Board seeks to work closely and openly with UK and overseas regulators in relevant jurisdictions. Regulatory considerations are integral to the group’s operations and the Board’s discussions and decision making reflect this. The chairman and chief executive have periodic scheduled meetings with UK regulators and consideration is given to additional communications with regulators when significant developments impacting the group occur or are anticipated. 
Regular reporting on capital and liquidity regulation is provided to the Board by the chief financial officer. The chief compliance officer keeps the Board informed of the group’s compliance with current and known future regulatory obligations, relationships with regulators in all jurisdictions in which the group operates, information on material compliance incidents that occur, the compliance plan and compliance monitoring. Detailed consideration of these matters takes place at the Board risk management committee and the Board as appropriate.


Clients/Customers Client centricity is a key value of the group. The Board agrees that meeting the needs of clients is at the centre of what the group does and is committed to delivering the best solutions, services and products. This focus on clients also drives the compliance plan and compliance monitoring, which is regularly reviewed by the Board risk management committee. The group has policies and procedures embedded to support the best outcome for clients, including client communications and disclosures, trade and order execution, suitability and appropriateness, conflicts of interest, client assets, data protection, information security and financial crime. 
The group has a counterparty risk management committee, which is responsible for ensuring that it has appropriate controls in place to consider the acceptability of those client and third party relationships that present heightened financial crime and/or reputational risks to the group or its existing clients. The group has a dedicated client management unit and detailed know your counterparty policies and procedures. 
In planning for Brexit the Board has considered the impact on clients and the group has sought to maintain access to as many relevant markets as possible as set out in the principal risks section of the strategic report. The impact on clients was also considered when making the strategic decision to simplify the group in respect of regional footprint and business lines, and appropriate information and support has been provided to clients who were impacted by these changes. 
Suppliers The Board has considered the group’s approach to managing its suppliers including: 
• Procurement policy and process; • Sourcing and savings delivery; • Outsourcing regulations; • Supplier relationship management; and • Supplier risk management The group has developed a supplier relationship management framework, which takes a methodical approach to classifying and managing the supply base. 
There are a number of opportunities which the group is considering for 2020 in relation to the further enhancement of its supplier management capability including: 
• Improvements to supplier payments process; • Supply chain integration opportunities with ICBC Group; • 
Introducing a supplier code of conduct; and 
• Establishment of additional supplier management and supply chain risk practices


The Board has reviewed Brexit preparation scenarios throughout the year and in view of potential disruption to supply chains as a result of changes made to trading arrangements under Brexit, the group has undertaken an assessment of its key suppliers. In executing key strategic decisions appropriate communication takes place with relevant suppliers. 
Community and Environment In 2019, the group reaffirmed its commitment to the community with the relaunch of a corporate social responsibility (CSR) framework. Key commitments are directed both internally within the group and externally in the community. The four key objectives of the CSR framework are: (i) minimising the environmental impact of the group’s business and that of its clients, (ii) ensuring that business activities contribute positively to society, (iii) ensuring people of all backgrounds are able to contribute fully at work, and (iv) maintaining high standards of personal and market integrity conduct. In 2019, the group made significant progress in reducing the impact its offices have on the environment. The group’s programme is focused on educating and supporting staff to ‘reduce, reuse and recycle’. 
The group seeks opportunities to enable employees to support the community through charity partnership, volunteering, matched fundraising and payroll giving. In choosing the group’s formal charity partnership in the UK, clear criteria were set to work with an organisation that operated in the group’s local community that it could demonstrably make a difference to. The group selected Spread a Smile, which supports the wellbeing of sick children and their families, as its charity partner for 2019. 
The group is also committed to providing employees with additional qualifications and seeking to employ people that may not consider financial services an accessible career by leveraging the apprenticeship scheme operated by the UK government.
