Corporate Governance Arrangements Corporate Governance Statement 
The Company is a private company, whose primary regulator is the Bank of England, therefore the Company must comply with the Bank of England's standards when it comes to corporate governance. Due to the heavily regulated nature of the Company and its business, ICEU _does not align itself to a single governance code, rather it adopts co·rporate governance arrangements which are based on the requirements of the· Committee on Payments and Market Infrastructures ('CPMI') and the International Organization of Securities Commissions ('IOSCO') Principles for Financial Market Infrastructures ('PFMls'). In particular, it has been _articulated in regulation such as the European Market Infrastructure Regulation and applicable requirements of the Company's US regulators; the Commodities and Futures Trading Commission and the US Securities Exchange Commission that the Company is obli~ed to adhere to the PFMls. 
These principles are part of a set of standards that the international community considers essential. to• strengthening and p(eserving financial stabil_ity and are developed specifically for central counterparties and are therefore considered by the Board to· be appropriate for the Company. The PFMls cover a broad range of matters including detailed corporate governance arrangements and risk management processes. On an annual basis the Company is required, by.its primary regulatory, the Bank of England, to conduct a self-assessment of its performance against the PFMls and the results of which are published on the Company's website. 
In addition,· the Company also takes into account other legislation, codes and guidance in relation to corporate governance, including: 
UK Corporate Governance Code The Wates Corporate Governance Principles for Large Private Companies Financial Reporting Council Guidance on Board Effectiveness and Audit Committees Prudential Regulation Authority - Corporate Governance: Board Responsibilities 
The s172 statement in the Strategic Report gives informc1tion on the Company's main stakeholders. A) Board composition, leadership and director responsibilities Directors 
. . 
The Directors are responsible for overseeing the business of the Company and, subject to the Articles of. Association and the Companies Act,· may exercise all the power of the Company, regulate and decide on all 
. matters concerning the ·company as are not otherwise provided for under regulation or within the Articles. of Association. Directors who served during the year arid up to the date of approval of the financial statements are listed in this report. Directors are appointed by the Board, following recommendation by the Nominations & Compensation Committee and at least one Director must be classed as a CDS Director, who is a Director nominated by the CDS Product Risk Committee. 
When assessing new Directors, the Nominations & Compensation Committee consider a range of factors such as ski_lls, experience, knowledge and diversity. 
Under the Articles of Association, independent directors only become eligible for retirement if they· have _served at · least three consecutive years, and can subsequently be reappointed for two further three-year terms (i.e. up to. nine years in total), unless the Company passes an ordinary resolution to extend their appointment further. A written resolution signed by the sole shareholder of the Company will be effective as if an ordinary resolution were passed at a general meeting of the Company for this purpose. CDS Directors retire and may offer· .themselves for reappointment on an annual basis. There are no restrictions to the number of terms a CDS Director may serve.


Board 
Composition In accordance with the Company's Articles of Association, there must be at least six and no more than twelve Directors. 
· 
EMIR requires the members of the Company's board ('the Board') to be constituted of at least one third independent directors of which the Company is to have no less than two, and no more than four (excluding the Chair and any CDS Director). 
· 
The Board is currently comprised of eight Directors of which two have executive roles within the Company or the Group,. five non-CDS Directors and one CDS Director, one of which is appointed as ·the Senior Independent Director ('SID'), currently Mr. Mack. Messrs. Sprecher and Hill both have executive responsibilities within ICE Group. 
· 
Individuals are selected as Directors based on their skills and prior experience and are reviewed and recommended for appointment by the Nominations & Compensation Committee prior to approval by the Board. The Nominations & Compensation Committee considers a wide range of factors ensuring the Board is comprised of Directors with diverse backgrounds as well as appropriate skills and experience in financial services,. risk management and clearing services to. enable the Board to meet the ongoing needs of the Company. 
· · 
Accountability The. Board is accountable through the Companies Act 2006, Articles of Association and the requirements of the ICEU regulators. In addition, the Board has identified certain matters which cannot be delegated a'nd these are set out within the Board's Terms of Reference/ Matters Reserved.· 
· 
Each year the Board completes an evaluation of its performance, the performance of its committees and individual directors'. contribution. 
Integrity of information It is the duty of the Company secretary to ensure that Directors receive reliable information to enable them to monitor and challenge the performance of the Company and make informed decisions and also to oversee the systems that ensure that good quality information flows within the Board and its committees and between senior management, and Non-Executi_ve Dir~ctors. 
Tone at the top and organisational culture The Board and management team set the cultural tone from the top and hold all colleagues accountable for operating ethically and in compliance with law, financial regulations and other standards that apply. Colleagues are provided with the relevant tools, resources and training to aid success and to recognise ethical decisionmaking; highly capable and engaged teams are of critical importance. The Company is an equal opportunity employer and all qualified applicants will receive consideration without regard to race, colour, religion, gender, . sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin or ancestry, age, disability status, or other protecte~ status. 
The Group's core competencies are, an important part of the strong culture of compliance and trust. The core competencies are: Collaboration, Problem Solving, Communication, Integrity & Professionalism and Lea_dership. Audit Committee 
The Audit Committee is a committee of the Board, responsible for providing oversight and assurance to the Board in relation to annual financial statements and financial reporting, legal, complianc·e, whistleblowing and financial crime, internal audit and external audit. The Audit Committee is comprised of entirely independent directors and meets five times per annum and ad hoe as necessary.


Client Risk Committee 
As required under Article 28 of EMIR, the Company has established an advisory Board level risk committee; the Client Risk Committee ('CRC'). The CRC is responsible for providing advice to the Board to enable it to ensure that the Company maintains and implements appropriate risk management policies, processes and controls in line with regulatory requirements. The CRC is comprised of three independent director four Clearing Member Representatives and four Client Representatives ahd meets five times per annum and .ad hoe as necessary. 
Board Risk Committee 
The Board Risk Committee (BRC) is a committee of the Board, responsible for providing oversight and assurance to the Board in relation to risk policies, risk appetite and risk profile, internal controls and risk control framework, liquidity, technology operations, technology governance, cyber risk and business continuity planning, and the Risk Oversight Department and Chief Risk Officer ('CRO'). The BRC is comprised entirely of independent directors and meets five times per annum and ad hoe as necessary. Information on the Company's principal risks and risk management is provided in the Strategic Report. 
Nominations & Compensation Committee 
The Nominations & Compensation Committee is a committee of the Board and is responsible for providing oversight to the Board in relation to the statutory, regulatory and corporate governance requirements regarding composition of the Board and its committees, succession planning for both Board and senior management, appointments and/or re-appointments to the Board and compensation matters, including; the putting in place, review and application of the Compensation Policy as per the requirements of EMIR (which is available on the Company's website). 
The principles of the Compensation Policy are to promote sound and effective risk management and not create incentives to relax risk standards. Staff engaged in the Risk Oversight Department; compliance; and internal audit are compensated in a manner that is independent of the business performance. 
The Nominations & Compensation Committee is chaired by the Board Chair and comprised of four independent directors and a Non-Executive Director. It meets three times per annum and ad hoe as necessary . 
. Product Risk Committees 
As well as the Board level risk committees, the Company has established two advisory Product Risk Committees ('PRCs') which service the CDS and F&O sides of the business, both of which are constituted under the President's authority. 
The CDS PRC is comprised of appointees nominated by CDS Clearing Members, independent directors and representatives of the Company. The CDS PRC Chair is an independent director of the Company. The .CDS PRC's re·sponsibilities are limited to the clearing of CDS contracts, and the criteria for CDS clearing membership and is, on behalf of the CDS clearing membership as a whole, to ensure the Company maintains and implements agreed procedures, processes and controls which are designed to protect the integrity of the CDS Guaranty Fund and to ensure that the Company can successfully handle the default of a CDS Clearing Member. The CDS PRC is also responsible for advising on the continued adequacy of the key policies and controls designed to manage counterparty ~isk and to cover market risk for CDS contracts, and reviewing the clearing of new CDS contracts. 
The F&O PRC is comprised of appointees nominated by F&O Clearing Members and appointees from representatives of the exchanges to which the Company.provides clearing services. The F&O PRC Chair is an independent director of the Company. The F&O PRC's responsibilities are limited to the clearing of F&O contracts, and the criteria for F&O clearing membership and, on behalf of the F&O Clearing Membership as a whole, to ensure that the Company maintains and implements agreed procedures, processes and controls designed to protect the integrity of the F &O Guaranty Fund and to ensure. that the Company can successfully handle the insolvency of an F&O Clearing Member. The F&O PRC is responsible for advising on the continued adequacy of the key policies and controls designed to manage cm,interparty risk and to cover market risk, and reviewing the clearing of new F&O products.


Executive responsibilities 
The executive responsibility for the day-to-day management and operations rests with the President. The President delegates responsibilities to the senior· management team in accordance with the relevant individual's roles and accountability. There are three Executive level committees; the Executive Risk Committee ('ERC'), the Model Oversight Committee ('MOC') and the Business Conduct Committee ('BCC'). 
Executive Risk Committee 
The ERC is a committee constituted under the President's authority. The members of the ERC are senior management from across the business. The role of the ERC is to consider and review key aspects of risk management and to assist the CRO in ensuring all risks are captured and appropriately managed. Where appropriate, the ERC makes recommendations to the Board or other committees within the Company. 
. Model Oversight Committee 
The MOC is a committee constituted under the President's c;1uthority. The members of the MOC are senior management from across relevant areas of the business. The MOC considers and reviews key aspects of model risk management, in accordance with the Model Risk Governance Framework, assisting the CRO to ensure all model-related risks across the Company are captured and properly managed. Where appropriate, the 
. MOC makes recommendations to the Board or other committees within the Company. 'Business Conduct Committee 
The BCC is a committee constituted under the President's authority. The members ·of the BCC are senior management from across relevant areas of the business and also includes independent representation from an affiliated exchange. The BCC is responsible for matters relating to investigations and disciplinary action regarding breaches or alleged breaches of the Clearing Rules by a Clearing Member. Where appropriate, the BCC will make recommendations to the President, Board or other committee within the Company. 
The operation of the_ Board and Executive level committees (including advisory committees) is governed by Terms of Reference which are discussed and supported by each committee and, fqr the Board level committees, approved by the Board. These documents are reviewed annually in connection with scope of committee, best practice, regulatory requirements and corporate governance guidance. Executive committee's also have in place Terms of Reference, which are reviewed annually. The ultimate approval for these documents rests with the President. 
· B) Risk Management and Oversight 
The Company's· overarching approach to risk-management is designed to ensure that it is safe and soun9 in all market conditions. The Board assumes final responsibility and accountability for managing the Company's risks, which are administered according to its enterprise risk management framework, which is overseen by the Board Risk Committee. This framework provides a structured and disciplined approach towards identifying and ry,anaging risk inherent in core business processes and decision-making activities. In particular, the enterprise risk management framework establishes the three lines of defense model, where the appropriate roles, responsibilities, and governance incentives are defined. 
The President assists the Board in establishing an appropriate risk appetite which is consistent with the Company's short and long term strategy, business and capital plahs and risk capacity. The articulation of the risk appetite into the business areas is achieved through the Risk Appetite Framework, Risk Appetite Statements and Risk Appetite Metrics. The Board and senior management ensure that the . Company's policies and procedures are consistent with the defined Risk Appetite Statements and Risk Appetite Metrics and that they address how the Company identifies, reports, monitors and manages risks. 
Each risk appetite metric is 
calculated on a predetermined frequency and routinely reported to the Board and its committees along with · reguiar reports on the Company's risk exposure, emerging risks and compliance throughout the year. 
The Company's core risk management policies, procedures and control systems that form part of the risk management framework are reviewed at· least annually, although there are several components of the risk assessment and testing program_ that are undertaken more frequently, for example quarterly. In addition, risk management practices and methodologies are tested for effectiveness on a regular basis as part of the routine 


 
.


daily and monthly risk reporting processes. Updates to these typicc;1lly happen either as a result of the reviews or on an ad:hoc basis initiated by owners. Ad hoe changes are typically prompted by new initiatives and business activities, regulatory changes, changes in market practices or changes in the risk environment and there are several processes to ensure that reviews of the policies, procedures and control systems are triggered. 
Regulatory changes are also reviewed through business review and periodic testing through the Company's Compliance Monitoring and Testing Program. Changes in the risk environment are monitored on a c~mtinuous basis and through routine daily and monthly reporting and any changes required are assessed in order to determine their significance in relation to the risk profile and risk appetite of the Company. 
· C) Financial Reporting Process 
Management is responsible for the preparation and integrity of the financial statements and for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting. The · financial statements are · prepared in accordance with Financial Reporting Standard ('FRS') 102, the Financial Reporting Standard applicable in the United Kingdom and the Republic of Ireland and,· accordingly, include certain amounts based on best judgments and estimates. 
· 
Internal control over financial reporting is designed to provide rec1sonable assur_ance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of the financial statements. Internal control over financial reporting is supported by a risk management program of internal audit and appropriate reviews by management, written policies and guidelines, careful selection a11d training of qualified personnel and a written Global Code of Business Conduct adopted by the Board, which is applicable to all directors and employees. Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements and even when determined to be effective, can only provide reasonable assurance with respect to financial statement preparation and presentation.
