Corporate Governance 
The Companies (Miscellaneous Reporting) Regulations 2018 apply to company reporting for financial years starting on or after 1 January 2019.We have adopted the Wates Corporate Governance Principles for Large Private Companies as an appropriate framework when making a disclosure regarding corporate governance arrangements. 
We set out below how we have applied the six Principles. I. Purpose and Leadership: 
Our purpose is 'Improving Lives by Delivering World-Class Infrastructure' in our core sectors of transportation, water, power and natural resources in the geographies of the UK, Ireland and Canada This is regularly promoted and communicated across our company. 
Our culture is based on five core values - One Family, One Team, One Murphy; Continually Improve; Never Harm; Accountability, Integrity and Respect; and Always Deliver. These values have underpinned the successful growth of the business since its incorporation in 1951. 
We launched our sustainable strategy plan in 2015 outlining where we wanted to be and how we would get there over a 10 year period. There is a three year business plan cycle. The business plan and company objectives are agreed, reviewed and refreshed annually by the Board. 
1be delivery of our strategy is underpinned by five key strategic drivers - fit to start; dependable project management; passionate about direct; better engineered; and win-win relationships. In January 2020 the business refreshed the strategy plan to set out its objectives for where it wants to be on its 75"' anniversary, 28 February 2026, which follows the end of the 10 year plan. We have called this "Murphy at 75". 
Our Board is chaired by the non executive Chairman, Alastair Kerr. The Board delegates authority for all day to day management of the business to the Group Executive Committee. This is governed by the Group Delegated Authority Matrix. There are certain matters reserved for approval by the Board such as the formation of joint ventures and the tendering for major projects. The Group Executive Committee is led by our Chief Executive Officer, John Murphy, who is a grandson of the founder of the business. 
The Group Executive Committee was supported in the year by the Group Operations Board (GOB) and the Group Strategy and Investment Committee (GSIC). All of these groups have clear terms of reference that are regularly reviewed. We have clear terms of reference in place for the Board and its subcommittees


2. Board Composition: 
The Board consisted of eight non-executive directors and three executive directors during the year. There were four independent nonexecutive directors (including the Chairman). They have expertise and experience in family-owned business, finance, construction, transport infrastructure and utilities. There are four family non-executive directors who represent the ultimate owners of the business. There is also one alternate director. 
Our Chief Executive Officer, Chief Operating Officer and Chief Financial Officer were the executive directors who served on the Board during the year. Following a review of the business structure at the end of the year, it was decided to organise the business into its 3 geographies: the UK Ireland and Canada with a managing director appointed for each country. As a result the role of Chief Operating Officer was no longer required. 
The Board had six scheduled meetings and four teleconferences in the year. There were four female directors and eight male directors on the Board during the year. 
3. Director Responsibilities: 
Our Board is responsible for promoting the long term success of the business for the benefit of its owners and taking into account the interests of its stakeholders in doing so. Further detail on those considerations is provided in the S.172 statement. The Board receives updated information at each board meeting or call on key aspects of the business including safety performance, people, strategy, business development, operational matters and the fmancial performance of the business. 
The Audit Committee is responsible for reviewing the effectiveness of the Group's system of internal financial controls, internal control and risk management systems, and the management of internal and external audit. The Committee considered specific matters such as the implementation of the new enterprise resource planning system in the business, contract profit and revenue recognition, the scenarios to support a going concern basis for the financial statements and the impact of Covid-19 after the year end. The Committee is chaired by independent non-executive director Huw Davies, and is comprised entirely of non-executive directors. Internal Audit is charged with carrying out an armual audit programme and reporting the fmdings to the committee. 
4. Opportunity and Risk: 
We established a Risk and Opportunity Board Committee in 2018 to oversee the management of risk and identification of opportunities across the business. The Committee was chaired by independent non- executive director Steve Hollingshead during the year. There is also an Executive Risk and Opportunity Committee (EROC) chaired by the Group Commercial Director which met six times during 2019. This maintains a Group Risk and Opportunity register. The EROC regularly reviews the top ten risks and opportunities at their meetings. It then reports to the Risk and Opportunity Board Committee on steps taken to mitigate any risks and to realise any of the identified opportunities. 
5. Remuneration: 
The Remuneration Board Committee is responsible for setting the remuneration and benefits for the senior executives employed by the business, and for the remuneration policy for all staff. The Committee reviews and approves the long and short term incentive plans to retain and reward senior executives, based on performance measures that promote the long-. term success of the business. The Committee is chaired by independent non-executive director, Mike Toms, and is comprised entirely of non-executive directors. The Committee also reviews the Company's Gender Pay Gap report, and approves the strategy for reducing the Gender Pay Gap at Murphy. 
6. Stakeholder Relationships and Engagement: 
The Board regularly reviews and oversees a range of stakeholder information - from client satisfaction data to the results of the armual employee engagement survey. The Board reviews the employee engagement survey results and agrees the action plans to address key issues raised as part of the survey. Board members carried out two project visits this year to the Gosport and Triton Knoll projects and met the delivery teams to discover how they are delivering for our clients. 
Murphy executive directors play an active role in engaging with a range of stakeholders in their roles to promote the company purpose - from clients, communities, colleagues and many others. They carried out regular town halls and roadshows across the year to update colleagues on company progress, as well as answering their queries and questions. Along with other senior leaders, they also drove our 'Safestart',"One Summer" and "One Winter" programmes in 2019, visiting project sites over three different periods in the year to reinforce our 'Never Harm' value and also to take the opportunity to update our people on what was happening in the business .


6. Stakeholder Relationships and Engagement (continued): 
In 2019, we implemented our Social Responsibility and Sustainability policy, which includes a clear focus on working with People and our Partners, as well as proactively engaging with our communities and stakeholders. Other stakeholder engagement in 2019 included formalising our client feedback process to increase engagement; and, our Pathways group comprising colleagues from across the company who provide feedback and share information on key issues. 
We regularly communicate with our people via our internal messaging system, Yammer, including a question and answer session with the Chief Executive Officer. 
Our charity committee met ten times in 2019 to agree charitable donations and consider requests from across the business.

