Corporate Governance 
The directors are collectively responsible for ensuring that they operate in a manner which best promotes the interests of the group with consideration to its wider group of stakeholders. Underpinning this responsibility is an appropriate Corporate Governance framework, specifically designed to meet the needs of JCB and is broadly in line with the Wates Principles. The framework ensures the values, strategy and culture of the group are communicated and followed. 
Purpose and leadership The group's mission is to grow by providing innovative, strong and high-performance products and solutions to meet the needs of global customers, supported by superior customer care. This care extends to the environment and the community. The group wants to help build a better future where hard work and dedication are given their just reward. These fundamental principles drive the governance of the group. 
Board composition The directors possess the required skills and experience to run the business. Executive directors that are appointed have demonstrated substantial experience working within the group. The directors comprise the Chairman, Chief Executive Officer, executive directors and a non-executive director. The diversity of the board supports the group's values on gender equality. The directors meet on a regular basis, however additional meetings can be called as necessary to perform its functions. 
Director responsibilities The directors are responsible for the group's strategy, including the likely consequences of any decisions in the long term and the general conduct of the group's affairs. The directors review and oversee the group's policy in relation to employee remuneration (delegated to a remuneration committee); succession planning; risk management and internal control; safety and environmental matters; and regulatory compliance. A wider team of senior management is responsible for the operational management of the group with support and guidance from the directors. Clear written guidelines have been set outlining matters solely reserved for approval by the directors. 
Opportunity and risk The directors regularly review the strategies, opportunities and risks faced by the group. A group risk and control committee meets on a monthly basis to identify and monitor risks and these are communicated to senior management. The principal risks facing the group are set out in detail in the strategic report. 
Remuneration The directors ensure that remuneration for all employees is appropriate and fair. The directors have appointed a remuneration committee comprising certain directors and advisors that is responsible for senior directors pay and benefits. Remuneration is linked to the achievement of the group as well as personal performance. The· directors are mindful of the gender pay gap and report on this annually on the group's website. 
Stakeholder relationships and engagement The directors acknowledge the need to encourage employee involvement in the improvement of the group's performance by supporting individual training and performance plans. Important information is supplied and feedback is obtained through regular consultation with employees. Regarding the local community, the group has a long-standing tradition of providing support through various means including sponsoring local schools, recreational facilities and other good causes. In addition, the group regularly meets with local government representatives to discuss and understand the likely consequences of any decisions. The group's statement on stakeholder engagement is set out below.


Employee engagement The directors consider the interests of employees when making decisions through regular consultation where both important information is provided and feedback is obtained. The directors have a strong and collaborative working relationship with employees, for example, the directors engaged closely with the employees when they assessed how the group should react to the Covid-19 outbreak. 
The group discharges, equitably, its statutory and social duties in respect of the Sex Discrimination Act 1975, the Race Relations Act 1976, the Disability Discrimination Act 1995 and the Employment Equality Regulations on sexual orientation, religion, belief or age. An equal opportunities policy is in operation. For those employees becoming disabled during the course of their employment, every effort is made, whether through training or redeployment, to provide an opportunity for them to remain with the group. 
Stakeholder engagement The group maintains a close relationship with customers who provide valuable feedback, critical for developing innovative new products that are designed to meet global customer's needs. Regular discussions with suppliers help drive the direction of sourcing decisions made by the directors. Regular meetings and conferences with customers and suppliers facilitate this process. Regarding the environment, the group's strategy for environmental sustainability covers six core work streams - alternative fuels and product efficiency; waste reduction; use of recycled materials; carbon reduction in the logistics and manufacturing operations; removal of single use plastics; and culture and behaviour change. Achieving these core work streams drives the decision making of the directors who are committed to delivering a reduction in carbon emissions from the business.
