Statement of Corporate Governance Arrangements 
This section is the Statement of Corporate Governance Arrangements required under Part 8 of Schedule 7 to the Large and Mediumsized Companies and Groups (Accounts and Reports) Regulations 2008. The content contained within the statement satisfies the requirements set out by Section 172 (1) of the Companies Act as 2006, please refer to the strategic report (page 5). 
The Company does not apply a single Corporate Governance Code, but is required under the UK financial services regulatory regime to comply with a number of different regulations and regulatory expectations that relate directly or indirectly to corporate governance matters. In this Statement, the Company has highlighted the ways in which it complies with these requirements and expectations and, where appropriate, has mapped them to the Wates Corporate Governance Principles for Large Private Companies (the "Wates Principles"). 
The Company (or, as applicable, the JPMorgan Chase & Co. group (the "Firm" or the "Group")) makes certain disclosures that include information about its governance. A list of those disclosures is at the end of this statement. 
In addition, the Company is required to comply with provisions relating to its governance that do not require public disclosures to be made, including: 
EBA/ESMA Joint Guidelines on Management Body Suitability (the "Suitability Guidelines") EBA Guidelines on Internal Governance (the "Internal Governance Guidelines") The Senior Managers and Certification Regime under the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (the "SMCR") PRA Supervisory Statement on Corporate governance: Board responsibilities (SS 5/16, as updated in July 2018, the "Supervisory Statement") The principles set out in the FCA Handbook (the "FCA Principles") The fundamental rules set out in the PRA Rulebook (the "PRA Fundamental Rules") Internal Capital Adequacy Assessment Process under the PRA ICAAP rules (the "ICAAP") 
Strategy, leadership and culture 
The Company has a Board of Directors which is accountable for overall oversight of the Company. The Board of Directors has responsibility for maintaining the safety and soundness of the Company, and for ensuring that the Company is acting within the strategy, values, standards and controls of the wider JPMorgan Chase & Co. group of companies (the "Group" or the "Firm"). (Pillar 3 disclosures under CRD IV and the Capital Requirements Regulation (EU 575/2013) ("Pillar 3 Disclosures'J, Capital Requirements Directive IV (2013/36/EU, "CRD IV') governance disclosures ("CRD IV Disclosures'J, Wates Principles I: Purpose; II: Balance and Diversity; Ill: Accountability; IV: OpportunitY, Risk) 
The directors are expected to act with honesty, integrity and independence of mind in assessing and challenging senior management, and to commit enough time to the role in order to perform these duties effectively, as required by the Suitability Guidelines. (CRD IV Disclosures; Wates Principles II: Balance and DiversitY, Effectiveness) 
The Company has a Matters Reserved for the Board which requires that the Board defines, oversees and is accountable for the implementation of governance arrangements that ensure effective and prudent management. This includes requirements that the Board will approve and oversee the Company's strategic objectives, risk strategy and internal governance, including the segregation of duties in the organisation and the prevention of conflicts of interest. (CRD IV Disclosures, Wates Principles I: Strategy; II: Effectiveness; Ill: Accountability) 
The Board reserves for itself the approval of significant changes to accounting policies and practices, and the approval of annual reports and financial statements. The Board also oversees compliance with regulations. (CRD IV Disclosures; Wates Principle Ill: Integrity of information)


Strategy, leadership and culture (continued) 
The Board is supported in its work by four Board Committees, whose responsibilities are delegated by the Board and are described further below, and by the Europe, Middle East and Africa ("EMEA") Management Committee ("EMC"). 
UK Audit and Compliance Committee - The UK Audit and Compliance Committee's membership is three independent nonexecutive directors of J.P. Morgan Securities pie (two of whom are also directors of the Company), chaired by Mr Laban Jackson. The committee meets at least four times a year (in 2019, five times). Its purpose, delegated by the Board, includes oversight of the integrity of the financial statements; monitoring and reviewing internal financial controls and the effectiveness of the internal audit function; making recommendations with respect to the appointment, appraisal and independence of the external auditor of the Company; and overseeing the process for non-audit services. The Company's auditors attend the committee meetings to report on the status of their audit and any findings. This enables the committee to monitor the effectiveness of the auditors during the year. J.P. Morgan Europe Limited Risk Committee - The Company's Risk Committee membership is four independent non- 
. executive directors (three of the Company and one of J.P. Morgan Securities pie), chaired by Professor Scott Moeller; Prof. Moeller will retire from the committee upon the regulatory approval of Sir Winfried Bischoff as the new chair. The committee meets at least four times a year (in 2019, six times). Its purpose, delegated by the Board, is to challenge and contribute to the development of the Company's risk strategy and review any significant risk decisions taken, while aligning the risk appetite of the Company to that of the Group. The committee's responsibilities include oversight of management's exercise of its responsibility to assess and manage the Company's key risks; an effective system of controls to evaluate and control such risks; capital and liquidity planning and analysis; and an effective risk management function. J.P. Morgan Europe Limited Nomination Committee - The committee is made up of three independent non-executive directors, chaired by Sir Winfried Bischoff; in 2020, the J.P. Morgan Securities pie director will be replaced by an independent non-executive director of the Company. The committee meets at least two times a year (in 2019, six times). Its purpose, delegated by the Board, is to lead the process for Board appointments and to identify and nominate candidates to the Board, having considered the skills, knowledge, experience and diversity of the Board. It is also responsible for board succession planning. UK Remuneration Committee (the "UK RemCo") - The committee consists of three independent non-executives, chaired by Sir Winfried Bischoff. It meets at least two times a year (in 2019, twice). Its purpose, delegated by the Board, is oversight of compliance by the Company with UK and EU remuneration regulations.


Board composition, suitability and effectiveness 
In selecting candidates for director of the Board, the Board looks for individuals with strong personal attributes, diverse backgrounds and demonstrated knowledge, skills and expertise in one or more disciplines relevant to the Company's business. The goal is to have a Board consisting of individuals with a combination of skills, experience and personal qualities that will well serve it, its committees, the JPMorgan Chase group and its shareholders. (CRD IV Disclosures; Wates Principle II: Balance and Diversity, Size· and Structure) 
In 2014 the JPMorgan Chase group set an internal target to achieve 30% representation of women on its boards in EMEA. The Company has formally adopted this target in a diversity statement approved by the Board and included in the terms of reference of its Nominations Committee. At 31 December 2019, female directors represented 33% of the Board. In addition to gender diversity, the statement addresses the need to consider other diverse attributes, including race, educational background and geographical provenance, in selecting Board members, as required by the Suitability Guidelines. (Gender Diversity on EMEA Boards Disclosures; Wates Principle II: Balance and Diversity) 
The role of the chairman and the chief executive officer are held by different individuals, as expected by the PRA under the Supervisory Statement. (CRD IV Disclosures; Wates Principle II: Chair) 
As required by the Suitability Guidelines and expected by the PRA under the Supervisory Statement, the composition and suitability of the Board and the suitability of its members are regularly reviewed, and any resulting recommendations are considered and, where approved, implemented. The Company has appointed three independent non-executive directors to oversee and challenge the executive management. 
(Suitability Guidelines; Supervisory Statement; Wates Principle II: Balance and Diversity, Size and Structure)


Board composition, suitability and effectiveness (continued) The current directors of the Board are: Clive Adamson 
(Board Chair, subject to regulatory approval) 
Proposed Chairman; member of the Risk Committee, Nomination Committee and UK Audit and Compliance Committee. Non-Executive Director and Chair Board Risk and Capital Committee Prudential Assurance Company Limited. 
Non-Executive Director and Chair of the Board Risk Committee M&G pie. Senior Independent Director and Chair of the Audit and Risk Committee Ashmore Group pie. McKinsey & Company; Senior Advisor 
Sir Winfried Bischoff 
(Risk Committee Chair, subject to regulatory approval) Ann Doherty 
Independent Non-Executive Director and Chair of the Nomination Committee and the UK Remuneration Committee, member of the Risk Committee and Proposed Chair of the Risk Committee. Member of International Advisory Board, Akbank TAS, Turkey 
Director and member of the J.P. Morgan U.K. Foundation Governance Committee and the EMEA Diversity Council 
Mark Garvin Matthew Melling 
(CFO, subject to regulatory approval) Jane Moran 
Trustee of the Social Mobility Foundation Non-Executive Director and Chairman Director and EMEA Regional Controller; proposed Chief Financial Officer (CFO) 
Independent Non-Executive Director and member of the Nomination Committee, Risk Committee and the UK Audit and Compliance Committee. Chief Technology Advisor, Unilever pie 
Lorraine Littell-Pape 
Viswas Raghavan (EMEA CEO), Global co-head of Investment Banking 
Sanoke Viswanathan (subject to regulatory approval) 
Non-Executive Director and Chief Control Officer for JPMC. 
Director and Chief Executive Officer; Chief Executive Officer, EMEA; Head of EMEA Banking and Chair EMEA Management Committee Proposed Director and Chief Executive Officer

Executive governance 
A regional governance structure has been established to allow the Board to delegate certain matters, not included in the Matters Reserved for the Board, to a governance framework. The Board monitors and periodically assesses the effectiveness of this governance framework and takes appropriate steps to address any deficiencies. The Board may also delegate levels of authority to senior management, and has responsibility for providing effective oversight of these individuals. (CRD IV Disclosures; Wates Principle Ill: Accountability) 
The Board delegates certain matters to a number of key regional committees, including for regional risk control and oversight. The EMEA governance framework connects legal entity, line of business and global governance structures. T~e key committees of relevance are the EMEA Management Committee, the EMEA Risk Committee, the EMEA Regional Oversight Committee and the EMEAAssets and Liabilities Committee. (Pillar 3 Disclosures; Wates Principle IV: Risk) 
The Company is required under the Senior Managers and Certification Regime ("SMCR") to submit a Management Responsibilities Map to the PRA, which includes detailed descriptions of the firmwide, regional and legal entity governance committees and the delegation, reporting and escalation lines between them. This information is also included in the ICAAP submitted to the PRA by the Company's regional parent, J.P. Morgan Capital Holdings Limited. These regulatory submissions allow the PRA to review the Company's governance arrangements and facilitate an open dialogue with the PRA on the effectiveness of those arrangements. (SMCR; ICAAP; Wates Principle Ill: Committees; VI: Stakeholders) 
Board and director responsibilities 
In addition to their duties under the Companies Act 2006, the Company's directors have responsibilities under the SMCR. The directors who hold executive positions or who are the chair of the board or a board committee have been approved and registered as Senior Managers by the PRA and FCA. The SMCR requires that each of these directors sets out their responsibilities (including any prescribed responsibilities under SMCR) in a Statement of Responsibilities; these are then aggregated and mapped, together with the responsibilities of non-director Senior Managers, into a Management Responsibilities Map. The Statements of Responsibilities and the Management Responsibilities Map are periodically updated and filed with the regulators when any material change is made. 
Non-executive directors who are not Senior Managers are notified to the regulators and are subject to certain conduct rules in the FCA Handbook and the PRA Rulebook. 
The Firm has established a Corporate Governance Policy - Firmwide that sets out the expectations that the Firm has of the directors of the material entities within the Group; this policy applies to the Company. Its provisions cover, among other things, board meeting attendance and board composition. The policy seeks to establish an internal governance framework, as set out in the Internal Governance Guidelines. 
(SMCR; Internal Governance Guidelines; Supervisory Statement; Wates Principles II: Size and Structure, Effectiveness; Ill: Accountability)


Risk management and long-term sustainability Risk Management Framework 
Risk is an inherent part of JPMorgan Chase's business activities. The Firm's overall objective is to manage its business, and the associated risks, in a manner that balances serving the interest of its clients, customers and investors and protects the safety and soundness of the Firm. Firmwide Risk Management is overseen and managed on an enterprise-wide basis. The Firm believes that effective risk management requires: 
Acceptance of responsibility, including escalation of risk issues, by all individuals within the Firm; Ownership of risk assessment, data and management within each line of business ("LOB") and corporate functions; and Firmwide structures for risk governance. 
The Firm follows a disciplined and balanced compensation framework with strong internal governance and independent Board oversight (see Remuneration below). 
The Firm's risk governance and oversight framework is managed on a Firmwide basis. The Firm has an Independent Risk Management ("IRM") function, which consists of the Risk Management and Compliance organizations. The Chief Executive Officer ("CEO") appoints, subject to approval by the Board upon recommendation of the Risk Committee of the Board ("Risk Committee" or "Board Committee"), the Firm's Chief Risk Officer (CRO) to lead the IRM organization and manage the risk governance framework of the Firm. 
The Firm places reliance on each of its LOBs and other functional areas giving rise to risk to operate within the parameters identified by the IRM function, and within its own management-identified risk and control standards. Each LOB and Treasury & Chief Investment Office, inclusive of their aligned Operations, Technology and Control Management are considered the "first line of defense" and own the identification of risks, as well as the design and execution of controls, inclusive of I RM-specified controls, to manage those risks. The first line of defense is responsible for adherence to applicable laws, rules and regulations and for the implementation of the risk management structure. 
The IRM function is independent of the businesses and is "the second line of defense". The IRM function sets and oversees the risk management structure for firmwide risk governance, and independently assesses and challenges the first line of defense risk management practices . 
., 
The Internal Audit function operates independently from other parts of the Firm and performs independent testing and evaluation of processes and controls across the entire enterprise as the Firm's "third line of defense". The Internal Audit Function is headed by the General Auditor, who functionally reports directly to the Audit Committee and administratively to the CEO. 
In addition, there are other functions that contribute to the firmwide control environment including Finance, Human Resource and Legal. 
(Pillar 3 Disclosures; Wates Principle IV: Risk) Risk Management Organisation 
The independent status of the Risk Management organisation is supported by a governance structure that provides for escalation of risk issues to senior management, the Firmwide Risk Committee, and the Board of Directors, as appropriate. 
Each LOB and function owns the identification of risks, as well as the design and execution of controls, inclusive of !RM-specified controls, to manage those risks. This includes continuously identifying material risks and maintaining its respective Material Risk Inventory (MRI) which is reviewed at the LOB risk committee on a quarterly basis. Each LOB and function must establish processes to identify material risks. 
LOBs and functions must establish the appropriate committee structure within their organizations, as necessary, to provide escalation channels for issues relating to both risk management governance and the risks the firm is taking. 
The Firmwide Risk Committee (FRC), co-chaired by the JPMC CEO and CRO, is the firm's highest management-level risk committee. The FRC provides oversight of the risks inherent in the firm's businesses and is the recipient of topics and issues raised by its members or the Chair(s) of a subordinate committee. The escalation channel is defined within each committee's or forum's governing documents. The FRC escalates significant issues to the Board Risk Committee as appropriate.


Risk management and long-term sustainability 
In addition to the governance bodies described above, the firm has other forums in the Finance division and at the LOB, regional and local office levels, where risk-related topics are discussed and escalated, as necessary. The membership of these committees is comprised of senior management of the firm including representation from the LOB and various functions. These committees may have other sub-committees as deemed necessary to deliver against the escalation mandate . (Pillar 3 Disclosures; WatesPrinciples Ill: Committees; IV Risk, Responsibilities) 
Global Legal Entity Risk Governance 
JPMorgan Chase utilizes Legal Entities ("LEs") around the world to implement its overall strategy. It is incumbent on lines of business to manage risk at the level of the LE and to comply with associated regulatory expectations. The Independent Risk Management function focuses on the control and management of risk and has established the Legal Entity Risk Framework to create a firmwide approach to LE risk: 
The Legal Entity Risk Forum ov~rsees the framework as the governing body, supported by the LE Risk Framework team LEs are tiered based on risk, which define appropriate levels of LE risk governance and the requirement for appointment of LE Risk Managers ("LERMs") or Chief Risk Officers where required by regulatory designations LERMs are accountable for the holistic oversight of risk at an entity level LERMs may delegate responsibility for certain tasks to Regional CRO teams Risk functions/stripes are responsible for setting global standards and executing legal entity requirements with respect to risk oversight 
The LE Risk Forum is the governing body for the Legal Entity Risk Framework and oversees how the framework is implemented across all regions. The LE Risk Forum promotes alignment with established firmwide processes and procedures; any divergence driven by local laws and regulations is reviewed by the Forum and subsequently documented by the LE Risk Framework Team. 
The LE Risk Forum exercises oversight and control of the legal entity risk management and governance standards across all regions. It is responsible for: 
Periodic review and update of LE Risk Framework and Governance documentation, as required Establishment, review, recommendation and consideration of exceptions to standards, guidance and procedures that 
relate to LE Risk governance Acting as a steering group to hold project leaders and participants accountable for implementation Reviewing and addressing matters relating to the LE Risk governance support model 
Risk Management oversight of LEs is executed according to the risk profile of a LE. The risk profile of a LE is derived by applying the LE Risk Tie ring methodology, the result of which will determine a LE's 'Risk Tier'. Risk Tie ring comprises four categories ranging from one to four, with Risk Tier one representing the highest requirement for LE Risk governance and oversight. The tiering methodology is comprised of qualitative and quantitative elements and a different level of oversight is established for each Tier, driven by a range of internal and external risk governance requirements. The core and recommended governance standards have been created for each Tier of governance. The company is considered to be a Tier 1 entity (2018: Tier 2).


Risk management and long-term sustainability Regional Risk Governance To complement the global line of business structure, there is a regional governance construct as below: 
The EMEA Risk Committee ("ERC") provides oversight of the risks inherent in the Firm's business conducted in EMEA or booked into EMEA entities and relevant branches as well as EMEA branches of ex-EMEA firms, focusing on Risk Tier 1 legal entities including the Company. Oversight of Tier 2 and 3 entities is delegated to the EMEA Risk Forum, a sub-forum of the ERC. 
The ERC is accountable to the EMC and the boards, Risk Committees and Oversight Committees of the relevant legal entities. It reports to the FRC, the HR Control Forum, in addition to the EMC and the relevant legal entity boards. The EMEA CRO leads the Risk Management function in the region and chairs the ERC. The EMEA CRO is a member of the EMC and meets with local regulators on a regular basis. 
Whilst J.P. Morgan has established a comprehensive firmwide risk policy framework, this is supplemented as required by legal entityspecific risk policies, which are approved by the relevant entity Boards and Risk Committees. 
(Pillar 3 Disclosures; Wates Principle IV: Responsibilities) Risk Appetite 
The Firm's overall risk appetite is established by management taking into consideration the Firm's capital and liquidity positions, earnings power, and diversified business model. The Risk Appetite framework is a tool to measure the capacity to take risk and is expressed through qualitative factors and quantitative parameters at the Firm and/or LOB levels, including quantitative parameters on stressed net income, capital, liquidity risk, credit risk, market risk and structural interest rate risk. Performance against these parameters informs management's strategic decisions and is reported to the FRC and JPMC board Risk Committee. 
The Firm's Risk Appetite framework is reviewed on an ongoing basis, and is reviewed with the FRC and JPMC board Risk Committee at least annually. The Company has its own risk appetite policy including quantitative and qualitative parameters leveraging the Firm's framework and approved annually by its Board. The ERC and the Company's Board Risk Committee review the risk appetite parameters quarterly. (Pillar 3 Disclosures; Wates Principle I: Strategy; Wates Principle IV: Opportunity, Risk, Responsibilities) 
Internal Capital Adequacy Assessment Process ("ICAAP'J 
The Company completes an ICAAP on a periodic basis (which forms part of the ICAAP submitted to the PRA by J.P. Morgan Capital Holdings Limited), which provides management with a view of the impact of severe and unexpected events on earnings, risk-weighted assets and capital. The Company's ICAAP integrates stress testing protocols with capital planning. The process assesses the potential impact of alternative economic and business scenarios on the Company's earnings, capital resources, risk-weighted assets and balance sheet. These scenarios are articulated in terms of macroeconomic factors, which are key drivers of business results; global market shocks, which generate short-term but severe trading losses; and idiosyncratic operational risk events. The scenarios are intended to capture and stress key vulnerabilities and idiosyncratic risks facing the entities in scope. However, when defining a broad range of scenarios, realised events can always be worse. ICAAP results are reviewed by management and challenged and approved by the Company's Board. (Pillar_ 3 Disclosures; Wates Principle IV: Risk, Responsibilities; VI: Stakeholders) 
New Business Initiatives 
For new products and services, failure to identify new or changed risks may expose the Group to financial loss or harm its reputation. Accordingly the New Business Initiative Approval ("NBIA") policy provides a framework that governs the review and approval of new or materially changed products and services, while making sure that risks are identified, measured, monitored and controlled. LOBs are authorised to introduce new products, services and processes and are responsible for the new products and services they introduce. 
Under the NBIA policy, the business is required to undertake an analysis of the economic, regulatory or legal entity capital impact of the new business, as appropriate. Signoffs for NBIAs impacting the Company include Compliance, Legal, Risk, Operational Risk, Finance, Corporate Tax, Treasury, Technology and Operations. (Pillar 3 Disclosures; Wates Principle IV: Opportunity, Risk, Responsibilities)


Remuneration Compensation Philosophy 
The Firm's well established compensation philosophy provides guiding principles that drive compensation-related decision-making across all levels of the Group, including the Company. The Firm strives to clearly communicate its compensation philosophy to promote firmwide fairness and consistency. 
The table below sets forth a summary of that philosophy: 
Compensation philosophy Tying pay to 
performance and aligning with 
shareholders' interests Encouraging a shared 
success culture 
Attracting and retaining top talent 
Integrating risk management and compensation 
. 
No special perquisites and non-performance based compensation. 
Maintaining strong governance 
. In making compensation-related decisions, the Firm focuses on lontterm, risk-adjusted performance (including assessment of performance by the Firm's risk and contra professionals) and rewards behaviours that generate sustained value for the Firm. This means compensation should not be overly formulaic, rigid or 
focused on the short term. . Teamwork should be encouraged and rewarded to foster a "shared success" culture . . . 
Contributions should be considered across the Firm, within business units, and at an individual level when evaluating an employee's performance. 
. The Firm's long-term success depends on the talents of its employees. The Firm's compensation system plays a significant role in its ability to attract, properly motivate and retain top talent. 
Competitive and reasonable compensation should help attract and retain the best talent to grow and sustain the Firm's business. 
Risk management, compensation recovery, and repayment policies should be robust and disciplined enough to deter excessive risk-taking. 
HR Control Forums should generate honest, fair and objective evaluations and identify individuals responsible for meaningful risk-related events and their accountability. 
Recoupment policies include recovery of cash and equity compensation . The Firm's pay practices must comply with applicable rules and regulations, both in the U.S. and worldwide. 
Compensation should be straightforward and consist primarily of cash and equity incentives. The Firm does not have special supplemental retirement or other special benefits just for executives, nor 
. 
does it have any change in control agreements, golden parachutes, merger bonuses, or other special severance benefit arrangements for executives. 
Strong corporate governance is fostered by independent oversight by the board of J.P. Morgan Chase & Co. 
of the executive compensation program, including defining the Firm's compensation philosopl1{ reviewing and approving the Firm's overall incentive compensation pools, and approving compensation or the Operating Committee, including the terms of compensation awards. The Firm has a rigorous process in place to review risk.control and conduct issues at the Firm, line of business, function, and region level, which can and has led to impacts on compensation pools as well as reductions in compensation at the individual level, in addition to other employee actions. 
Transparency with shareholders 
Transparency to shareholders regarding the Firm's executive compensation program is essential. In order to 
provide shareholders with enough information and context to assess its program and practices, and their effectiveness, the Firm discloses all material terms of its executive pay program, and any actions on the part of the Firm-in response to significant events, as appropriate. 
(Pillar 3 Disclosures; Wates Principle V: Setting remuneration, Policies)


Remuneration (continued) Alignment of practices with compensation philosophy 
The Group believes the effectiveness of its compensation program is dependent on the alignment of sound pay-for-performance practices with its compensation philosophy as illustrated in the table below: Alignment of pay practices with compensation philosophy Principles-based compensation 
Pay-at-Risk philosophy Provides guiding principles that drive 
compensation-related decision-making across all levels of the Firm. 
Strong Clawback Provisions Comprehensive recovery provisions 
enable the Firm to cancel or reduce 
unvested awards and require repayment of previously paid compensation, if appropriate. 
Risk, Controls and Conduct impacts Robust Shareholder Engagement pay 
In making pay decisions, the Firm considers material risk, controls and conduct issues and makes adjustments to compensation, when appropriate. 
Competitive Benchmarking 
To make informed decisions on pay levels and pay practices, the Firm 
benchmarks itself against relevant market data. 
(Pillar 3 Disclosures; Wates Principle V: Setting Remuneration, Policies) Remuneration Governance 
The UK RemCo, which is a committee of the Company's Board, reviews the remuneration policy applicable to the Company (the "Remuneration Policy") on an annual basis, and oversees its implementation. The UK RemCo last reviewed the Remuneration Policy in June 2019 and was satisfied with its implementation. That policy is subject to independent oversight and control by the Compensation and Management Development Committee ("CMDC"), a committee of the board of J.P. Morgan Chase & Co., the Company's ultimate parent company. The UK RemCo held two meetings during 2019, plus its annual executive session. 
The CMDC oversees the Group's compensation programs on an ongoing basis throughout the year, which enables the programs to be proactive in addressing both current and emerging developments and challenges. (Pillar 3 Disclosures; Wates Principle V: Policies, Delegating remuneration decisions, Subsidiary companies) 
Responsible use of equity 
The Firm manages its equity program responsibly, using less than 1 % of weighted average diluted shares in 2018 for employee compensation. 
Each year, the Board of J.P. Morgan Chase & Co is provided with feedback from shareholders on a variety of topics, including the Firm's compensation programs and practices. 
Robust anti-hedging/anti-pledging provisions 
Strict prohibition on hedging and pledging of unvested awards and unexercised stock appreciation rights for all employees, as well as on shares owned outright by Operating Committee members. 
Appropriately balanced short-, medium-, and long-term incentives that are linked to long-term, sustainable value, safety and soundness.


Relationships with stakeholders 
The JPMC board, as a group or as a subset of one or more directors, meets periodically throughout the year with the Firm's shareholders, employees and regulators, and with non-governmental organisations, and other persons interested in the Firm's strategy, business practices, governance, culture and performance. 
JPMC shareholder engagement 
The Firm engages with institutional and retail shareholders, fixed-income investors, proxy advisory firms, Environmental, Social & Governance ("ESG") firms and industry thought leaders. Engagement opportunities include the Annual Investor Day, quarterly earnings calls, investor conferences, the Annual Shareholder Meeting (along with the related Proxy Statement) and the twice-yearly Shareholder Outreach Program. In addition, JPMC communicates with shareholders through its Annual Report, Securities & Exchange Commission filings, press releases, the JPMC website and the Environmental Social and Governance Report ("ESG Report") (Proxy Statement; Wates Principle VI: External impacts, Stakeholders) 
Engagement with employees 
The JPMorgan Chase Business Principles (the "JPMC Business Principles") set out the Firm's principles relating to A Great Team and Winning Culture. 
The JPMC board is committed to maintaining a strong corporate culture that instils and enhances a sense of personal accountability on the part of all of the Firm's employees. In addition to discussions at Board meetings with senior management about these efforts, JPMC directors participate in meetings with employees to emphasize this commitment. These meetings include employee town halls, lines of business and leadership team events, annual senior leaders' meetings and informal sessions with members of the JPMC Operating Committee and other senior leaders. In addition, the Firm conducts a periodic Employee Opinion Survey, the results of which are shared with the Company's board for discussion and feedback is taken and actioned upon by management. 
(JPMC Business Principles, Proxy Statement; Wates Principles II: Balance & Diversity, VI: Workforce) Engagement with regulators 
The Company's board and senior leaders commit significant time to meeting with regulators from the UK and from other countries. Frequent interaction helps the Company learn first-hand from regulators about matters of importance to them and their expectations of the Firm. It also gives the Company's board and management a forum for keeping our regulators well-informed about the Company's. performance and business practices. (Proxy Statement; Wates Principle VI: Stakeholders) 
Under the FCA Principles and the PRA Fundamental Rules, a firm must deal with its regulators in an open and cooperative way, and must disclose to the FCA/PRA appropriately anything relating to the firm of which that regulator would reasonably expect notice. In adhering to this principle, the Company's directors and senior managers (under SMCR) regularly meet with the PRA and the FCA to discuss matters relating to the regulatory supervision of the Company. (FCA Handbook; PRA Rulebook; Wates Principle VI: Stakeholders) 
Relationships with Customers and Suppliers 
The Company is committed to always deal fairly, ethically and in good faith with its customers, suppliers, competitors, business partners, regulators and employees. Discrimination, harassment or inappropriate or abusive conduct by or against its stakeholders is not tolerated. In addition to compliance with applicable laws and regulations, the Company expects all its employees to hold themselves to the highest standards of ethical conduct and has put in place comprehensive policies and procedures to monitor culture and conduct within the organisation. Trust is essential to the organisation's business success and particular focus has been put on being a reliable steward of customers and suppliers' information, whether that information relates to financial, personal or business matters. 
The Company works to achieve a competitive advantage through superior products and services, never through unethical or illegal business practices. The organisation prohibits taking unfair advantage of any of its stakeholders through manipulation, concealment, abuse of privileged or confidential information, misrepresentation of material facts or any other unfair dealings or practices. In addition, the Company has fiduciary obligations to its clients to act in their best interest and avoids or otherwise addresses through controls, disclosures or other appropriate steps, any actual or potential conflicts of interest. Accountability, transparency and integrity are the cornerstones of doing good business, which includes simplifying disclosures, products and operations, and effectively managing environmental, social and governance matters. This preserves the organisation's reputation for integrity. In line with UK legal requirements, the Company discloses its payment practices information on a semi-annual basis. (Code of Conduct; Corporate Responsibility Report; Wates Principle VI: Stakeholders)


Relationships with stakeholders (continued) Relationships with Customers and Suppliers (continued) The JPMC Business Principles set out the Firm's Focus on the Customer: 
Exceed expectations by listening to customers and anticipating their needs, making it easy for them to do business with us · Earn trust by always focusing on customers' best interests; high-quality customers will grow along with the Company Give customers a good, fair deal - offer high-quality, competitively priced products and services Consider the full range of products and services that will fit customer needs, cross selling when appropriate Never allow short-term profit considerations to get in the way of doing what's right for the customer Use our own products - when it comes to understanding the customer, nothing beats being a customer 
(JPMC Business Principles; Wates Principle VI: Stakeholders) Engagement with ESG stakeholders 
The Firm engages with numerous non-governmental organizations on a diverse range of issues that are important to communities and consumers about the Firm's business. For example, through the Chase Advisory Panel program, senior executives engage with national consumer policy groups to discuss issues related to the Firm's products, policies, customer-facing practices, communications and public policy issues. The Firm also engages with organisations on environmental and social issues and provides philanthropic support to a broad range of non-profit organisations that work on issues that are important to the Firm. Management shares insights and feedback from these relationships and engagements with the JPMC board, providing the board with valuable insights to the issues that matter to the Firm's various stakeholders. This helps the Firm understand how the Firm's products and services can better serve its stakeholders and the communities in which it operates. 
The Firm is committed to being transparent about how we do business and reporting on its efforts. One way the Firm does this is by publishing an annual ESG Report, which provides information on how the Firm is addressing ESG matters that it and its stakeholders view as among the most important to the Firm's business. 
Engagement and transparency with the Firm's stakeholders help the Firm gain useful feedback and help us improve our governance processes. Information garnered from these meetings is shared regularly with the JPMC board and senior management 
(Proxy Statement; Wates Principle VI: Stakeholders) Engagement with the community 
The Firm endeavours to promote inclusive economic growth and opportunity in communities where it operates. The Firm also works to advance environmental sustainability within its business activities and facilities. The Company's board works to support the UK part of those endeavours. Highlights of recent progress include: 
Purchasing renewable energy: advancing sustainability within the Firm's physical operations is an important part of global sustainability strategy. The Firm has made progress towards its commitment, established in 2017, to source renewable energy for 100% of its global power needs by 2020. This commitment builds on the Firm's long-standing efforts to reduce its carbon footprint Supporting climate disclosure: the Firm participated in the Task Force for Climate-related Financial Disclosures, and in 2019 the Firm published a voluntary report about how it is addressing climate-related risks and opportunities. Driving inclusive growth: as announced in early 2018, the Firm will invest $1.75 billion by 2023 to drive inclusive growth in communities around the world. The firm's efforts focus on four pillars of opportunity: jobs and skills, small business expansion, neighbourhood revitalisation and financial health. In 2018, the Firm continued to open new pathways to opportunity and drive inclusive growth by leveraging the Firm's global presence, data, relationships and expertise. The Firm also announced AdvancingCities, a $500 million, five-year initiative to invest in solutions that bolster the long-term vitality of the world's cities and the communities within them that have not benefited equally from economic growth. Through this initiative, the Firm will deploy up to $250 million as low-cost, long-term loan capital - combining the Firm's philanthropic efforts with the lending and investing expertise of its Community Development Banking business. 
(Proxy Statement; ESG Report; Corporate Responsibility Report; Wates Principle VI: Stakeholders)


Relationships with stakeholders (continued) Engagement with the community (continued) In the UK we support: 
Demand-led training programs that help individuals, particularly those from disadvantaged backgrounds and low-income communities, to acquire the knowledge, skills and expertise necessary to obtain good-paying jobs, compete in the global economy and find new pathways to economic opportunity, for example through supporting Education Endowment Foundation (EEF) to identify, evaluate and scale effective interventions that improve the attainment of Maths and English at GCSE for young people across the UK 
Initiatives that promote the development and growth of micro- and small businesses to create local jobs, and increase economic opportunity and mobility, for example through supporting Hatch Enterprise and Enterprise Enfield to support women in London with the necessary tools and advice required to achieve business growth, sustainability and jobs creation in their local communities 
Programs that help people acquire the necessary knowledge, skills and tools required to understand their finances, how to budget to increase their assets and to increase access to financial services and coaching, increasing their economic stability, for example through supporting Fair Money Advice to scale their debt advice service in London to enable people from low-income backgrounds to access a full package of support, including banking, finance and advice.


Further Information For further information on the corporate governance related disclosures made by the Company, please see: 
JPMorgan Chase & Co. Business Principles: https://www.jpmorganchase.com/corporate/About-JPMC/ab-businessprinc_iples.htm JPMorgan Chase & Co. Annual Meeting of Shareholders Proxy Statement: https://www.jpmorganchase.com/corporate/ investor-relations/documenUproxy-statement2019. pdf Capital Requirements Directive IV (2013/36/EU, "CRD IV") governance disclosures: https://www.jpmorgan.com/jpmpdf/ 13207 47737676. pdf Pillar 3 disclosures under CRD IV and the Capital Requirements Regulation (EU 575/2013): https://jpmorganchaseco.gcsweb.com/financial-information/basel-pillar-3-us-lcr-disclosures The Company is not required to make Pillar 3 disclosures at present, but the same governance arrangements apply to the Company as are set out in the sections of the Pillar 3 Disclosures made by other group companies that are referred to in this statement. Gender Diversity on EMEA Boards Disclosures: https://www.jpmorgan.com/global/emea/crd4 Environmental Social and Governance Report: https://www.jpmorganchase.com/corporate/Corporate-Responsibility/ documenUjpmc-cr-esg-report-2018.pdfThis links to the 2018 edition of the report. The 2019 report is expected to be published in May 2020. Corporate Responsibility Report: https://reports.jpmorganchase. com/corporate-responsibi I ity/2018/cr-2018-home. htm This links to the 2018 edition of the report. The 2019 report is expected to be published in May 2020. Transparency Statement under s.54 of the Modern Slavery Act 2015: https://www.jpmorganchase.com/corporate/AboutJPMC/documenUmodern-slavery-act-2018.pdfThis links to the Transparency Statement for 2018. The 2019 Transparency Statement is expected to be published in June 2020.
