Statement of Corporate Governance Arrangement 
For the year ended 31 March 2020, under the Companies (Miscellaneous Reporting) Regulations 2018, the Group has applied the Wates Corporate Governance Principles for Large Private Companies (‘Wates Principles’) (published by the Financial Reporting Council (‘FRC’) in December 2018 and are available on the FRC website). 
The new corporate governance reporting requirements under the Regulations apply to company reporting for financial years beginning on or after 1 January 2019. The Group has applied the Wates principles as an appropriate framework when making a disclosure regarding corporate governance arrangements. 
The Group remains committed to ensuring effective governance is in place to deliver its core values, as this is the foundation on which it manages and controls its business and provides the platform for sustainable profitability. 
SECTION 172 
a) The likely consequences of any decision in the long term 
DECISIONS The Board annually approves the five-year business plan and monitors its implementation throughout the year. 
External factors are also considered such as economic, political and ongoing challenges within the market as a part of the five-year business plan to ensure both financial and operating strategy is set at sustaining levels and achieving the long term success of the Group. 
To further enhance and support the long term strategy, the Group entered into a number of debt funding arrangements during the financial year. 
See page 30 
b) The interests of the company’s employees 
The directors understand the importance of the Group’s employees to the long term success of the business. The Group regularly communicates to its employees through presentations, internal group-wide emails and newsletters. 
A pulse survey undertaken annually allows employees to provide feedback to further support the long term plans of the Group. 
Learning and development continues to be an important area of support to employees through both training days and e-learning modules. Internal networks to support wellbeing have been created to provide and create communities to discuss and share support on mental health, general wellbeing and advice on the recent COVID-19 outbreak. 
We proudly support the growing number of active diversity and inclusion employee-led networks such as JLR Pride, BAME, Gender Equality, Disability and a number of religious groups. 
See page 30 
c) The need to foster the company’s business relationships with suppliers, customers and others 
The directors understand the importance of the Group’s supply chain in delivering the long term plans of the Group. The Global Sourcing Process (GSP) is used to identify partners with the right capability to support the company on new programmes. Advanced Product Quality Planning (APQP) practices are deployed with Suppliers to support the development of new products, and techniques and processes including a Supplier Risk Management (SRM) approach is used to assess their financial stability and ability to provide continuous supply. This has been put to the test as a result of the COVID-19 pandemic. Our suppliers of production and non-production goods and services play an integral role in our business and help us to operate globally. The Group has key objectives and principles which are set out clearly in the Global Supplier Management policy. In addition to ensuring ethical behaviour, sustainability and health and safety is considered critical to the success of our business relationships. 
The directors monitor the Group’s engagement with their customers through the use of various Customer Experience Insight tools which helps collate feedback from time of vehicle purchase onwards. This process is run internally and enables both the Group and Retailers globally to help improve customer engagement. Other regular customer feedback mechanisms exist through a variety of syndicated surveys to provide and offer external and independent feedback. 
The directors actively seek information on the interaction with stakeholders and employees to ensure that they have sufficient information to reach appropriate conclusions about the risks faced by the Group and any appropriate action to be undertaken.. 


 
JAGUAR LAND ROVER AUTOMOTIVE PLC Annual Report 2019/20 
Section 172 Companies Act 2006 
The Wates Corporate Governance Principles for Large Private Companies provides a framework for the Group to not only demonstrate how the Jaguar Land Rover Automotive plc Board makes decisions for the long term success of the company and its stakeholders (see Principle 6 - Stakeholders, on page 34), but also having regard for how the Board ensures the Group complies with the requirements of Section 172 (1) (a) to (f) of the Companies Act 2016. Our reporting against the Wates Principles has been included below. 
Throughout 2020, the Board will continue to review and challenge how the Group can improve engagement with its employees and stakeholders. 
The details on how Section 172 of the Companies Act 2006 has been addressed is summarised as follows:


SECTION 172 
d) The impact of the company’s operations on the community and environment 
e) The desirability of the company maintaining a reputation for high standards of business conduct 
f) The need to act fairly as between members of the 
company WATES PRINCIPLE 1 – PURPOSE AND LEADERSHIP 
The board of directors of Jaguar Land Rover Automotive plc rigorously challenges strategy, performance, 
responsibility 
and accountability so that every decision made is of the highest quality. The Jaguar Land Rover Automotive plc Board actively ensures through committee meetings and careful consideration of all economic, geopolitical and environmental factors that the appropriate strategy and decisions are made. 
This Corporate Governance Report includes further information about the Jaguar Land Rover Automotive plc Board, Board of Management, areas of focus for the Jaguar Land Rover Automotive plc Board, and the structure and role of its committees. The Jaguar Land Rover Automotive plc Board continues to work on creating a more diverse board of directors and recognises this as a challenge in the automotive 
WATES PRINCIPLE 2 - BOARD COMPOSITION 
We continuously evaluate the balance of skills, experience, knowledge and independence of the Group’s directors. The Board comprises a separate Chairman and Chief Executive Officer to ensure that the balance of responsibilities, accountabilities and decision making across the Group are effectively maintained. The size and composition of the Board is considered to be appropriate with all members contributing to a wide variety of experience. 
A biography for each Board Director can be found on pages 27 to 28. 
sector. There are strategies in place which encourage diversity throughout the workplace with opportunities for employees to progress to senior levels. 
DECISIONS 
Further information on the Group’s initiatives and commitment to the environment and society through the Destination Zero mission can be found in the Annual Report and the company website. 
See pages 23 to 24 
The Board is supportive of diversity in the workplace. Diversity management continues to form a core part of the Group’s business strategy. As part of our pledge to work even more closely with disabled people we have joined The Valuable 500, a global movement dedicated to ensuring disability inclusion in business. The Valuable 500 aims to unlock the true potential of people living with disabilities across the world. The Board has also approved the Group’s policies on anti-slavery and human trafficking and anti-bribery and corruption which can all be found on the Group’s website. 
The Group is owned by Tata Motors Limited (“TML”) and collectively are committed to continuing to build future growth through new models through a current difficult economic and social environment.


JAGUAR LAND ROVER AUTOMOTIVE PLC BOARD 
NATARAJAN CHANDRASEKARAN NON-EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR AND CHAIRMAN 
Appointed February 2017 
Jaguar Land Rover roles and committees • Chairman • Non-executive director • Nominations and Remuneration Committee member 
Experience N. Chandrasekaran is Chairman of the Board at Tata Sons, the holding company and promoter of all Tata Group companies. He joined the Board of Tata Sons in October 2016 and was appointed Chairman in January 2017. He also chairs the Boards of several group companies, including Tata Steel, Tata Motors, Tata Power, and Tata Consultancy Services – of which he was Chief Executive from 2009-17. He is the Chairman of IIM Lucknow and President at IISc Bengaluru. He is also the member of International Advisory Council of Bocconi and Singapore’s EDB, and the Co-Chair of India-US CEO Forum. 
Appointed February 2010 
Jaguar Land Rover roles and committees • Chief Executive Officer • Board of Management 
Experience In early 2010, Prof Sir Ralf D Speth became Chief Executive Officer of Jaguar Land Rover and a member of the Tata Motors board later that year. In 2016, he was appointed to the Supervisory Board of Tata Sons Ltd. Prior to joining Jaguar Land Rover, Sir Ralf was a director at The Linde Group, the international industrial gases and engineering company. 
PROF SIR RALF D SPETH KBE FRENG FRS CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER 
Appointed December 2017 
Jaguar Land Rover roles and committees • Non-executive director • Audit Committee member 
Experience Mr. Balaji is the Group Chief Financial Officer of Tata Motors Group and is on the Boards of Tata Motors Finance group of companies and Tata Technologies Ltd. Prior to this, he was the Vice President Finance for South Asia and Chief Financial Officer of Hindustan Unilever Limited. 
P. B. BALAJI NON-EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR 
Appointed February 2012 
Jaguar Land Rover roles and committees • Non-executive director • Audit Committee member 
Experience Mr Munjee retired from the Board of Tata Motors and Tata Chemicals after a decade and continues to Chair Tata Motor Finance. He is on the Board of ABB India, HDFC Ltd, Cummins India and Ambuja Cements (a Holcim Lafarge Company). He is Chairman of the DCB Bank in India as well as the Aga Khan Foundation (India). He has been the President of the Bombay Chamber of Commerce and Industry and helped to create and was CEO of the Infrastructure Development Finance Company India for seven years. 
BOARD OF MANAGEMENT The Leadership team drives the Group’s strategy and goals and makes decisions concerning operational planning issues. 
NASSER MUKHTAR MUNJEE NON-EXECUTIVE INDEPENDENT DIRECTOR 
Appointed April 2009 
Jaguar Land Rover roles and committees • Non-executive director • Chairman of the Audit Committee • Chairman of the Nominations and Remuneration Committee 
Experience Mr. Robb was a director of Tata Steel Limited from 2010 until 2017 and Chairman of Tata Steel Europe from 2009 until he retired from that Board in August 2019. He was a director of Pilkington Group plc until 2003, having held the position of Finance Director from 1989 to 2001. Prior to this, from 1983 he was Finance Director of the Peninsular and Oriental Steam Navigation Company. Mr. Robb has served on a number of plc boards as a non-executive director. 
ANDREW M. ROBB NON-EXECUTIVE INDEPENDENT DIRECTOR 
Appointed August 2018 
Jaguar Land Rover roles and committees • Non-executive director • Audit Committee member 
Experience Ms. Sorensen was appointed as a non-executive director of Jaguar Land Rover in August 2018. Ms. Sorensen holds an MSc in Economics and Management from the University of Aarhus and is on the boards and committees of various international companies, including Tata Consultancy Services, Tata Motors and Sulzer. 
HANNE SORENSEN NON-EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR 
PROF SIR RALF D SPETH KBE FRENG FRS CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER 
FELIX BRÄUTIGAM CHIEF COMMERCIAL OFFICER 
IAN HARNETT EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR, HR AND GLOBAL PURCHASING 
Responsibilities Mr. Bräutigam is responsible for all global sales and marketing activity for the Jaguar and Land Rover brands. His role includes brand positioning, current and future product planning, customer relationship management, marketing communications, brand experience strategies, global and regional sales management, customer service and supporting future growth. 
27 
Responsibilities In April 2015 Mr. Harnett was appointed as Executive Director of Human Resources and Global Purchasing, also assuming responsibility for all Jaguar Land Rover Property matters globally. 
Note: Mr. Harnett has announced his intention to retire, effective from 1st July 2020 he will be succeeded by Dave Williams as Executive Director, Human Resources and Dave Owen as Executive Director, Global Purchasing. 
HANNO KIRNER EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR, CORPORATE AND STRATEGY 
Responsibilities Mr. Kirner oversees the development of corporate and product strategy, business transformation, global financial services, IT, royal and diplomatic affairs and the Special Operations division. 
ADRIAN MARDELL CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER 
Responsibilities Mr. Mardell leads the financial management of the business to deliver shareholder value and growth ambitions. His responsibilities include corporate finance, treasury, financial reporting, accounting, tax, internal control and business support. 
GRANT McPHERSON EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR, MANUFACTURING 
Responsibilities Mr. McPherson is responsible for the global manufacturing operations side of the business, ensuring optimum efficiency to deliver world class safety, quality, cost and environmental standards. 
QING PAN EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR, JAGUAR LAND ROVER CHINA 
Responsibilities Mr. Pan is responsible for maximising the total value of the Jaguar Land Rover business in China. He is accountable for profit performance of Jaguar Land Rover combined import and local business in China and leading the company’s vision and strategic development in the region. 
NICK ROGERS EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR, PRODUCT ENGINEERING 
Responsibilities Mr. Rogers leads Jaguar Land Rover’s global engineering and research operations at board level, encouraging technical curiosity and disruptive innovation across his 10,000-strong team. He drives initial research concepts through to engineering across all commodities, including Body; Chassis; Powertrain and Electrical, leading product delivery and launch of new technology.


WATES PRINCIPLE 3 – DIRECTOR RESPONSIBILITIES 
Effective risk management is central to achieving the Group’s strategic objectives and is a core responsibility of the Jaguar Land Rover Automotive plc Board and its committees. In this section, you will find information about the responsibilities and focus of the Jaguar Land Rover Automotive plc Board and the Audit, Nominations and Remuneration and Disclosure 
GOVERNANCE STRUCTURE AND FLOW OF INFORMATION AUDIT COMMITTEE 
Reviews the integrity of the financial statements, relationship with the external auditors and effectiveness of internal financial controls. 
For more information see page 31 
THE JAGUAR LAND ROVER AUTOMOTIVE PLC BOARD 
The Jaguar Land Rover Automotive plc Board 
provides supervision and guidance to its management, particularly with respect to corporate governance, business strategies and growth plans. It also considers the identification of risks and their mitigation strategies, entry into new businesses, product launches, demand fulfilment and capital expenditure requirements, as well as the review of our business plans and targets. 
For more information see page 31 
Monitoring of opportunities for acquisitions and new revenue streams 
NOMINATIONS AND 
REMUNERATION COMMITTEE Determines the overall remuneration 
policy and strategy to ensure transparency and alignment with the Group’s short and long term strategic goals. 
For more information see page 33 BOARD OF MANAGEMENT 
The work of the Board of Management complements, enhances and supports the work of the Jaguar Land Rover Automotive plc Board, with the Board of Management operating under the direction and authority of the Chief Executive Officer. The Jaguar Land Rover Automotive plc Board delegates to the Board of Management the execution of the Group’s strategy and the day-to-day management and operation of the Group’s business. 
Examples of actions taken by the Board of Management are: Reviewing and making decisions concerning operational planning associated with the latest five-year business plan of the Group; Evaluating the performance of the Group against budget and forecast; and Reviewing and approving potential investments. 
The Board of Management is also responsible for overseeing the implementation of appropriate risk assessment processes and controls to identify, manage and mitigate the principal risks to the Group. This includes the review, approval and communication of the risk management policy and framework. 
Review the Group’s principal risks and the effectiveness of the systems of internal control and risk management 
Discussion of the Group’s capital structure and financial strategy 
Supported continued investment to promote sustainable business growth over the long term Utilise cash to implement ongoing programmes to support business growth 
Considered and approved the Group’s debt funding arrangements 
Reviewed a number of opportunities in the Fiscal year 
Reviewed and approved, where appropriate, the business cases for internally developed future business 
RISK MANAGEMENT AND INTERNAL CONTROL 
Clearly articulated the Group’s approach to risk Reviewed and updated approach to identify and manage principal risks Continuing assessment of significant and emerging risks, including geopolitical uncertainty and the impact of Brexit 
LEADERSHIP AND PEOPLE 
Review composition of the JLR plc Board and its committees 
Review the development of people and talent in the Group, including succession planning for senior roles 
Discuss the results of the 
employee engagement survey and devise strategic actions arising from it 
OTHER EXAMPLES OF MANAGEMENT COMMITTEES DISCLOSURE COMMITTEE 
Supports the Jaguar Land Rover Automotive plc Board and Audit Committee in reviewing and approving the final form of quarterly and annual announcements and statements relating to the performance of the Group. 
For more information see page 32 
Risk Management Committee Product Committee Chairman’s Design Board Health and Safety Committee Security Committee Unusual Events Committee Financial Risk and Assurance Committee Financial Risk Committee 
Review the Group’s purpose, goal, vision and values 
Encourage strong engagement with investors and stakeholders 
Assessment of the Group’s financial performance 
Discussed the composition of the JLR plc Board and its committees, including succession planning 
Ongoing commitment to maintaining a balance of appropriate skills and experience among the Board of Management and associated committees 
Conducted a thorough review of Pulse surveys to identify areas for improvement 
Encouraged interaction between employees across the Group 
GOVERNANCE, STAKEHOLDERS AND SHAREHOLDERS 
Considered sustainability, including the Group’s impact on the community and the environment 
Monitored and addressed regular Health and Safety updates 
Actively supported engagement opportunities 
Regularly reviewed and acted upon feedback from key stakeholders 
FINANCIAL PERFORMANCE 
Evaluated the Group’s performance against budget and forecast 
Reviewed the quarterly and annual results and associated presentations to investors 
29 
Reviewed and approved the latest five-year business plan for the Group Approved the Annual Report 
JAGUAR LAND ROVER AUTOMOTIVE PLC Annual Report 2019/20 
Ongoing discussions at all levels of the business with shareholders 
Engagement with other stakeholders based on feedback 
Reviewed developments in corporate governance and received key legal and regulatory updates 
The Board of Management and Senior Director’s Forum is in place and continually monitored 
Due to the strength of the succession planning built into the business, recent changes surrounding the Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer and other Board positions has been appropriately addressed 
Continued focus on engagement and development of employees through offering a wide range of training courses 
Agreed Group-level risks and a robust set of mitigating activities, which are regularly monitored 
Further developed the Group’s approach to risk Considered movements in key risks resulting from changes to likelihood or business impact 
Committees. Good governance is achieved through effective committees tackling core areas of focus on a regular basis. 
In this section, you will find information about the induction and development of directors across the Group, as well as the key considerations when measuring the effectiveness of the Jaguar Land Rover Automotive plc Board and its committees. 
THE KEY MATTERS CONSIDERED BY THE JAGUAR LAND ROVER PLC BOARD DURING FISCAL 2019/20 INCLUDED: 
TOPIC/ACTIVITY STRATEGY 
Review of the business and operating model 
ACTIONS 
Analysed the automotive industry trends and retail outlook and assessed the potential impact on the Group 
Reviewed the Group’s performance against its competitors 
PROGRESS 
New Range Rover Evoque and New Land Rover Defender models introduced to the market with strong possitive response 
Growing focus on electric vehicles, the Jaguar I-PACE has to date won over 80 awards globally 
Building on the platform of new model success; significant product launches are being invested into from FY20 onwards 
Issuance of €1b bonds Issuance of £625m UKEF funding facility Issuance of £100m fleet buy-back funding Two $500m bonds matured and repaid during the year 
£52.1 million of the loan facility backed by a UKEF guarantee amortised in March 2020 
Project Charge achieved £2.9b of improvements 
Further improvements planned with Charge+ and Accelerate


THE JAGUAR LAND ROVER AUTOMOTIVE PLC BOARD 
The Jaguar Land Rover Automotive plc Board will continue to consider the core areas described previously, but in particular will focus on: 
• • • 
Continued development of our product pipeline through upcoming product launches, thereby seeking to capitalise on segment growth; 
Growing innovation in autonomy, connectivity, electrification and shared mobility through powertrain rightsizing, lightweighting and aerodynamics; 
Considering and evaluating the the evolving economic, political and market conditions relative to Brexit; 
• Developing our people and the workforce of tomorrow; • Ongoing review and monitoring of external risk factors, 
considering their impact on the future of the company in light of upcoming changes in both the political and economic environment. 
HOW WE DIVIDE UP OUR RESPONSBILITIES Chairman of the Jaguar Land Rover Automotive plc Board 
Responsible for leading the Jaguar Land Rover Automotive plc Board, its effectiveness and governance. Also sets the agenda to take full account of the issues and concerns of the directors and ensures effective links between external stakeholders, the Board and management. 
Non-executive directors 
Constructively challenge the Chief Executive Officer and monitor the delivery of the Group strategy within the risk and controls environment set by the Jaguar Land Rover Automotive plc Board. 
Chief Executive Officer 
Responsible for the day-to-day leadership, management and control of the Group, recommending the Group strategy to the Jaguar Land Rover Automotive plc Board, and implementing the Group strategy and decisions of the Jaguar Land Rover Automotive plc Board. 
INDUCTION, DEVELOPMENT AND SUPPORT 
All new directors receive a full, formal and tailored induction upon joining the Jaguar Land Rover Automotive plc Board. We also plan the Jaguar Land Rover Automotive plc Board calendar so that directors are able to visit the increasing number of Jaguar Land Rover geographic locations and are briefed on a wide range of topics throughout the year. 
31 
These topics range from those with particular relevance for our business, such as global automotive demand, to more general matters such as developments in corporate governance. We recognise that our directors have a range of experience, and so we encourage them to attend external seminars and briefings that will assist them individually. 
EVALUATION 
The Jaguar Land Rover Automotive plc Board continuously assesses its effectiveness in the following areas: • 
• 
The flow and quality of information to and from the Jaguar Land Rover Automotive plc Board; The decision-making process and culture; and 
• The outcome of the decisions made by the Jaguar Land Rover Automotive plc Board. 
The Jaguar Land Rover Automotive plc Board and Audit Committee also provided direct feedback to management committees during the year. 
COMMITEES SUPPORTING ACCOUNTABILITY AUDIT COMMITTEE 
Composition of the Audit Committee Andrew Robb, Chairman Nasser Munjee P. B. Balaji 
Role of the Audit Committee • 
five times. They reviewed the draft financial statements and considered a number of supporting papers. This included reviewing information presented by management on significant accounting judgements to ensure all issues raised have been properly dealt with; reviewing presentation and disclosure to ensure adequacy, clarity and completeness; reviewing the documentation prepared to support the going concern statement given on page 37; and reviewing external audit reports. The key matters considered in the year were: review of the Group’s impairment assessment for Fiscal 2019/20; IFRS 16 Leases during its first year of implementation; the issuance of debt; impact of COVID-19; and going concern. Monitoring of GDPR and information and cyber security continues to be focussed on and enhanced. 
Internal controls 
They reviewed the effectiveness of financial reporting, internal control over financial reporting and risk management procedures within the Group, with particular regard given to compliance with the provisions of section 404 of the SarbanesOxley Act and other relevant regulations. The reviews also considered any potential material weaknesses or significant deficiencies in the design or operation of the Group’s internal control over financial reporting, which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the Group’s ability to record, process and report financial data, including that of systems controls. We receive reports from the external auditor, Business Assurance and Corporate Audit with respect to these matters. 
External Audit 
Monitors the integrity of the financial statements, including the review of significant financial reporting issues and judgements alongside the findings of the external auditor; 
• Oversees the relationship with the external auditor, external audit process, nature and scope of the external audit and the appointment, effectiveness, independence and fees of the external auditor; 
• 
Monitors and reviews the effectiveness of Corporate Audit, ensuring coordination with the activities of the external auditor; and 
• Reviews the effectiveness of the Group’s systems for internal financial control, financial reporting and risk management. 
Main activities of the Audit Committee during the year Financial reporting 
During the year, the Audit Committee met with the external auditor and management as part of the Fiscal 2019/20 annual and quarterly reporting approval process a total of 
They reviewed the significant audit issues with the external auditor and how they have been addressed in the financial statements. They also evaluated the external auditor by reviewing the firm’s independence, its internal quality control procedures and any material issues raised by the most recent quality control or peer review of the audit firms. This included the findings of any enquiry or investigation carried out by government or professional bodies with respect to one or more independent audits performed by the external auditor within the last five years. 
KPMG, the external auditors, have completed their third year in post. Section 139(2) of the Indian Companies Act, 2013, mandates that all listed companies rotate their auditors once the auditor has served as an auditor for a period of 10 or more consecutive years. Under these regulations, the Group through the guidance of parent company Tata Motors Limited will be required to retender the audit by no later than 2027 and the Committee will keep the external auditor tender under review and act in accordance with any changes in regulations and best practice relating to the tenure of the external auditor. To help safeguard KPMG’s objectivity, independence and 
effectiveness, the Group has a non-audit services policy which sets out the circumstances and financial limits within which the external auditor may be permitted to provide certain non-audit services. This policy sets a presumption that KPMG should only be engaged for non-audit services where there is an obvious and compelling reason to do so (for example, their skills and experience or ability to provide the services) and provided such work does not impair their independence or objectivity and has no impact on the audited financial statements. It prohibits KPMG from providing certain services, including legal, valuation, actuarial and internal audit. The Audit Committee approves all non-audit services before they are performed. 
Non-audit fees paid to KPMG in the year totalled £1.1 million (2019: £0.9 million), representing 18% of the fees paid for audit and audit-related assurance services. 
Corporate Audit 
During the year, they regularly reviewed the adequacy of the Corporate Audit function, the Corporate Audit charter, staffing and seniority of the official heading the function, reporting structure, budget, coverage and the frequency of corporate audits, the structure of Corporate Audit and approval of the audit plan. 
They also met with Corporate Audit and the external auditor on a one to-one basis twice during the year. This forms an important part of their consideration and control, ensuring that they have an open and direct forum with the Audit Committee. 
DISCLOSURE COMMITTEE Composition of the Disclosure Committee: Chief Financial Officer and his direct reports Matters considered during the year 
• Reviewed and updated the terms of reference of the Disclosure Committee 
• Reviewed the audit and control findings from the external auditor 
• Reviewed areas of key management judgement and significant transactions, including their presentation and disclosure in both the quarterly and annual financial statements 
• Reviewed new disclosures in both the quarterly and annual financial statements for appropriateness 
• 
Considered the impact of new accounting standards on the Group

WATES PRINCIPLE 4 - OPPORTUNITY AND RISK In addition to the matters referred to throughout this report on risk management, please also refer to page 20 which includes a list of all emerging and principal risks including mitigations relevant to the Group. 
See pages 21 to 22 for assessment and categorisation of principal risks and actions to mitigate. 
WATES PRINCIPLE 5 - REMUNERATION 
In accordance with Wates Principle 5, the Nominations and Remuneration Committee of Jaguar Land Rover Automotive plc Board ensures that appropriate senior management is recruited to deliver on the Group’s objectives. The Nominations and Remuneration Committee has clearly defined Terms of Reference and is responsible for remuneration strategy, recruitment and long term incentive plans for senior executives. 
NOMINATIONS AND REMUNERATION COMMITTEE 
Composition of the Nominations and Remuneration Committee: 
Andrew Robb, Chairman Natarajan Chandrasekaran 
In addition to the Committee members, the Chief Executive Officer is invited to attend meetings, except where there is a conflict of interest. The Nominations and Remuneration Committee is supported by the Executive Director, Human Resources & Global Purchasing and the HR Director, Global Reward & Mobility. 
Role of the Nominations and Remuneration Committee 
During the year, the Board reviewed the Terms of Reference of the Remuneration Committee, with a view to further enhance the corporate governance in place. It was decided to expand the committee’s responsibilities to cover both Nominations and Remuneration and to strengthen the committee with the appointment of a further Non-Executive Director, Hanne Sorenson with effect from June 1st 2020. 
The new terms of reference which came into effect in 
December 2019 cover the structure, appointments, removals, succession, performance and compensation of the Jaguar Land Rover Automotive plc Board and the Jaguar Land Rover Board of Management. 
The Committee’s involvement in all aspects of nominations and remuneration ensures that all decisions in terms of Board 
33 
• Long-term incentive. The LTIP is designed to reward and encourage alignment with the Group’s long-term sustainable growth strategy. Performance is measured over a three year period against a balanced scorecard of quantifiable financial and operational targets aligned to long-term growth. 
appointments are made in a fair, equal and balanced way. Remuneration policy 
The remuneration policy is designed to attract, retain and motivate executives of the highest quality, encouraging them to deliver exceptional business performance aligned to Jaguar Land Rover’s strategy and the objective of delivering longterm sustainable growth in value. Its structure and individual remuneration elements align with the design of the Company’s remuneration policy for the wider organisation. Any decisions the Nominations and Remuneration committee makes in relation to Executive remuneration will be made with clear understanding of the developments to pay and conditions for the wider workforce. 
Executive remuneration consists of: Fixed elements: 
• Salary. Designed to recruit and retain individuals with the necessary knowledge, skills and experience to deliver the Group’s strategic objectives. Salary is reviewed annually and benchmarked against comparable roles in appropriate comparator groups (such as other UK engineering companies and European automotive companies). 
• Retirement benefits. The Group has a number of defined benefit pension schemes that are closed to new employees. Executives who are members of these schemes will continue to accrue benefits, but most executives now either have defined contribution provisions or elect to receive a cash allowance in lieu of retirement benefits. The cash allowance is at the same level as the equivalent defined contribution provision. 
• Other benefits. Executives are eligible to participate in the Group’s management car programme, medical arrangements, and life insurance and disability plans. 
Performance-related elements: 
• Annual bonus. The Global Bonus Plan is designed to reward achievement of short-term financial and strategic measures to support the Group’s strategy. Performance is measured against quantifiable one-year financial and operational targets.


EXECUTIVE REMUNERATION PBT 10% 
There is clear linkage between Jaguar Land Rover business strategy and the performance related elements of remuneration. 
Cash flow Costs Quality Volume 
BONUS 25% 15% 
PERFORMANCE MEASURES 
30% 30% LTIP 
PERFORMANCE MEASURES 
20% 20% 25% 25% 
EBIT growth Cash flow Volume growth Sustainability 
The overall objective is to deliver executive pay in line with a market median range for target performance, with enhanced reward opportunity to reflect exceptional business performance. Overall remuneration is balanced, with the majority linked to business performance. 
32% TARGET 
EXECUTIVE REMUNERATION 
24% 32% 12% 
Base salary Benefits Annual bonus LTIP 
36% 
MAXIMUM EXECUTIVE REMUNERATION 
18% 6% 
Base salary Benefits Annual bonus LTIP 
40% 
WATES PRINCIPLE 6 – STAKEHOLDER RELATIONSHIPS AND ENGAGEMENT 
The Jaguar Land Rover Automotive plc Board continues to promote accountability and transparency with all stakeholders and shareholders and effectively communicates the Group’s strategic direction. Interaction and communication with 
customers and suppliers are set out on page 25. 
Maintaining strong relationships with shareholder and bond investors is crucial to achieving the Group’s aims. 
In this section you will find information about how we engage with our shareholder and bond investors. 

