The company follows the Wates Corporate Governance Principles for Large Private Companies. It is considered that application of standards of corporate governance are appropriate for the company's nature, status, profile, size and circumstances to be important in ensuring the company is managed for the long-term benefit of all stakeholders. There are six principles of the code which the company complies with in full. 
1.Purpose and leadership The board develops and promotes the purpose of the company, and ensures that its values, strategy and culture.align with that purpose.


2.Board composition 
The board has an effective chair and a balance of skills, backgrounds, experience and knowledge, and the individual directors have sufficient capacity to make a valuable contribution. 3.Director responsibilities 
The board and individual directors have a clear understanding of their accountability and responsibilities. The board's policies and procedures support the effective decision-making and independent challenge. 4.0pportunity and risk 
The board promotes the long-term sustainable success of the company by identifying opportunities to create and preserve value and establishing oversight for the identification and mitigation of risks. 5.Remuneration The board promotes executive remuneration structures aligned to the long-term sustainable success of the company, considering pay and conditions elsewhere in the company. 6.Stakeholder relationships and engagement 
The Directors foster an effective stakeholder relationship aligned to the company's purpose. The board is responsible for overseeing meaningful engagement with stakeholders, including the workforce, and having regard to their views when taking decisions.


The Board 
The Board currently comprises four directors, two of whom are non-executive directors of which one is Chairman. The remaining Directors are executive Directors. There is an ongoing dialogue between the executive Directors and shareholder. The board is responsible for managing the Company's business and has adopted a schedule of matters reserved for approval. The schedule is reviewed periodically and covers the following arears: 
• • • • • • • • Strategy 
Financial reporting and control Health and Safety Internal controls 
Approval of expenditure above specified limits Responsibilities for corporate governance Board membership and committees Approval of changes to capital structure 
A report summarising the Company's financial and operational performance is provided to the Directors each month. Each Director has sufficient information in advance of Board meetings to enable informed judgements to be made on matters referred to the Board. The Board met 3 times in 2019. 
The remuneration of the Directors is set out in note 5. Audit Committee 
The committee is chaired by David Carr *(Group Head of Internal Audit). The other members of the committee during the year were Patrick Langat (PL), Simeon Hutchinson, Catherine Kivai, Steve Scott, Hugo Douglas-Dufresne, Wesley Bosuben, Sam Waheho, Peter Kinuthia, Joseph Kariuki, Isaac Ngetich, & lssene Liban. The principle responsibilities of the committee are set out below and were undertaken during the year: • 
Monitor the effectiveness of the Company's risk management practices. • 
Review the effectiveness of the Company's internal control system. The committee regularly reviews the effectiveness of internal audit service activities carried out by the Company's accounting function and senior management. 
5 
• • 
Review and monitor the financial statements of the Company and the audit of those statements and monitor compliance with relevant financial reporting requirements and legislation. 
Monitor the effectiveness and independence of the external auditors. 
Share capital Structure The share capital of the Company is set out in note 19. Internal Control and Risk Management Systems The Directors acknowledge that they are responsible for maintaining a sound system of internal control. During the year, the Audit committee, on behalf of the Board, reviewed the effectiveness of the framework of the Group's system of internal control, the principle features of which are described below. 
The key management philosophy of the Company is that the responsibility for efficient day to day operations remains with the local management. Accountability and delegation of authority are clearly defined with regular communication between the Company head office and the management of the individual operations. The performance of each operation is continually monitored centrally including review of annual budgets, forecasts and monthly profit and cash reports. Senior management regularly visit operations. However, any system of internal control can provide only reasonable, and not absolute assurance against material misstatement or loss.
