Corporate Governance Statement 
For the year ended 31 December 2019, under The Companies (Miscellaneous Reporting) Regulations 2018, the Company has applied the Wates Corporate Governance Principles for Large Private Companies which can be found at www.wates.co.uk/who-we-are/corporate-governance. The Directors have set out below an explanation of how the Wates Principles have been applied during the 2019 year. 
Principle One - Purpose and leadership 
"An effective board develops and promotes the purpose of the Company, and ensures that its values, strategy and culture align with that purpose." Purpose 
The Company forms part of the Marsh & McLennan Inc. Group of Companies (the "Group"), a global professional services provider, specialising in the areas of risk, strategy and people. These services are delivered through four businesses, namely Marsh, Mercer, Guy Carpenter and Oliver Wyman. 
The Company, is part of the Marsh Commercial business, which is a division of Marsh's wider business in the UK ("Marsh") which provides risk management, insurance services and reinsurance broking services to clients. The business aims to help clients understand and manage risks, provides advice on emerging risks and helps ensure clients have the resilience to withstand the unexpected. Work includes interaction with clients of all sizes and in all industries and services including risk management, risk consulting, insurance broking, alternative risk financing and insurance programme management services. 
Strategy 
The principal strategic focus of the Board during 2019 was to reshape the people strategy, values, organisational structure and culture of the Company with a view to ensuring that, these align with the Company's purpose and that its business and people are organised and deployed in a way that ensures the success of the Company in the long term. Preparations for Brexit also remained a key area of consideration.


Principle Two - Composition 
"Effective board composition requires an effective chair and a balance of skills, backgrounds, experience and knowledge, with individual directors having sufficient capacity to make a valuable contribution. The size of a board should be guided by the scale and complexity of the Company." 
Chairman The Company has a Non-Executive Chairman who was independent upon appointment and until the end of 2019. The Chairman was appointed to the Jelf Insurance Brokers Limited Board of Directors on 4 January 2016. It had been intended that she would retire as Chairman and as a Director of the Company in August 2019. However, following the announcement of the proposed acquisition of the JL T business, it was agreed the Chairman's contract should be extended to 31 August 2020 in order that the business would benefit from having an experienced Chairman to lead it through the acquisition and subsequent integration period. An executive search has been conducted in conjunction with a research firm, to identify the suitable replacement. This is on track to have a new Chairman appointed before 31 August 2020, as well as allowing sufficient time for a robust handover of duties. 
The roles and responsibilities of Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of the Company are separate and documented in role profiles and Statements of Responsibility, which, as the Company is regulated by the Financial Conduct Authority, comply with the requirements of the Senior Managers & Certification Regime. These ensure that there is a balance of responsibilities, accountabilities and decision-making across the Company. The Chairman is responsible for the ethical leadership and effective operation of the Board, including establishing the framework and procedures to govern the work of the Board and to support Directors in the discharge of their legal and regulatory obligations. The terms of reference for the Board set out the matters reserved for the decision of the Board and the authorities delegated to the Chief Executive Officer for the management of the day to day business of the Company. The Board operates in line with the principles of good conduct set out in MMC Group's ethical policy, "The Greater Good". 
Balance and Diversity & Size and Structure 
The Board comprises seven directors which includes a Non-Executive Chairman, one other non-executive director, the Chief Executive Officer, the Chief Financial Officer, the Chief Operating Officer of the business and two other senior executives of Marsh's UK business . Four of the directors were appointed during the year. 
Board members have a range of skills, expertise and experience in, amongst other things, the fields of insurance and reinsurance broking, accountancy and commercial management. 
Of the Board of seven, one director is female. We acknowledge that currently there is a lack of gender diversity on the Board. This is a challenge faced by the industry as a whole. We are aligned to Marsh's approach to increasing the diversity of the organisation as a whole, including its commitment to the Women in Finance Charter to increase the number of females in senior grades to 25% by the end of 2023. A number of Colleague Resource Groups have been established to help the organisation as a whole better understand and support a wide range of inclusive constituents of our workforce: these groups include, Multi-Cultural, Women's and Family networks, Mental Health support, and Pride and Military Veterans group. -In addition, there is colleague and manager training and a Summer Intern Programme open to applicants from local underprivileged communities. 
The Non-Executive Directors are responsible for bringing independent and objective judgment to deliberations, constructively challenging and monitoring performance of executive management and obtaining assurance that the Company's legal and regulatory requirements have been met. 
The Directors have equal voting rights when making decisions, except the Chairman, who has a casting vote. All Directors have access to the advice and services of the Company Secretary and may, if they wish, take professional advice at the Company's expense.


Principle 2 - Compositions (continued) 
The duties of the Board are executed partially through its Risk Committee and a delegation to the Marsh Audit, Nomination and Remuneration committees (the "Committees"). The Non-Executive Director and Chairman are members of the relevant Committees so that they are able to challenge and influence a range of areas across the Company, including Remuneration, Audit, Compliance, Risk and Board and Executive appointments. 
Effectiveness 
Directors receive induction materials and are able to keep their skills, knowledge and familiarity with the Company up to date by meeting with senior management, and by attending Company events and appropriate external seminars and training courses. Individual training can also be arranged by the Company Secretary on specific request. 
Principle Three - Director Responsibilities 
"The board and individual directors should have a clear understanding of their accountability and responsibilities. The board's policies and procedures should support effective decision-making and independent challenge." 
Accountability 
The Board has established a standalone governance framework, including clearly documented terms of reference for the Board. The terms of reference set out the Board's responsibility for leading and directing the affairs of the Company, with consideration for the interests of other stakeholders and there are clear delegations of authority in place between the Board, its Risk Committee and the Chief Executive Officer of Jelf Insurance Brokers Limited. The Board operates a programme of four scheduled meetings a year, with ad-hoe meetings held as and when required. In 2019, the Board met a total of 6 times and, in addition to its usual areas of focus, key discussion areas concerned the transformation of the Marsh Commercial business to enable it to provide smaller organisations with access to world class risk and insurance advice, Brexit and the culture of the Organisation. 
The Board has reserved certain principal matters for its own approval, and has delegated the day to day management of the Company to the Chief Executive Officer. 
The Chief Executive Officer is supported by the Marsh Commercial Executive team, which is comprised of the leaders of the main business areas and the Chief Financial Officer, the Chief Operating Officer, the Head of Risk and the Head of Human Resources. The Chief Executive Officer and Executive team members' roles and responsibilities are clearly documented. 
Committees 
In addition, the Board has delegated certain governance responsibilities to its Risk Committee ("Jelf Risk Committee") and the Marsh Audit, Risk, Remuneration and Nominations Committees, each of which have clearly documented terms of reference. The membership of these committees include Non-Executive Directors who provide independent challenge and support effective decision making. 
The Board periodically reviews its terms of reference to ensure that they remain fit for purpose, are adapted to promote good governance and meet the requirements of the Company as they evolve. 
Integrity of Information 
The Board receives regular reports on business and financial performance, key risks and opportunities, strategy, operational matters, market conditions, human resources, legal, compliance, and regulatory matters.


Principle Three - Director Responsibilities (continued) 
Key financial information is collated by the Group's centralised finance function from its various accounting systems. The Group's finance function has the appropriate independence, expertise and qualifications to ensure the integrity of this information and is provided with the necessary training to keep up to date with regulatory changes. Financial information is externally audited by Deloitte LLP, the Company's External Auditor, on an annual basis, and financial controls are routinely reviewed by the Group's centralised internal audit function. Other key information is prepared by the relevant business and internal functions, which are also subject to periodic reviews by the internal audit function. The Audit Committee is responsible for monitoring the effectiveness of Group's internal financial control systems that identify, assess, manage and monitor financial risks, and the effectiveness of other operational and regulatory controls within the business. The Audit Committee membership comprises two Non-Executive Directors. 
The Audit Committee receives quarterly reports from the MMC Financial Controller, Compliance Function and MMC Internal Audit on control related findings and it monitors Executive Management's responses to these to ensure recommendations for remediation are implemented. The Committee is also responsible for overseeing the effectiveness and independence of the Internal Audit and Compliance functions. 
Principle Four - Opportunity and Risk 
"The Board should promote the long-term sustainable success of the Company by identifying opportunities to create and preserve value, and establish oversight for identification and mitigation of risks." Opportunity 
As part of its planning processes, the Board considers long term strategic opportunities and other shorter term opportunities, to improve business performance and achieve operational efficiencies. Risk 
The Jelf Risk Committee assists the Board in fulfilling its responsibility for determining the Company's risk appetite and for ensuring that sound risk management and internal control systems are maintained. 
The Jelf Risk Committee meets four times per year and its membership comprises two Non-Executive Directors, and two Executive Directors. Each meeting is attended by the Director of Risk and Governance and the Chief Executive Officer, who report to the Committee on the material risks facing the Company, which include operational, financial, regulatory and strategic risks. Executives and other Senior Managers attend the Jelf Risk Committee meetings during the year to report on significant risk issues and actions being taken to mitigate them, as required. 
The Jelf Risk Committee keeps under review, amongst other things, the Company's top risks including its strategic risks, the risk management performance of key business areas and conduct risks, as well as oversight of the effectiveness of the Company's risk management framework and operational controls. It reports upon these to the Board regularly, or escalates significant risks to the Board on an ad-hoe basis. 
On an annual basis (or more frequently if required), following review by, and upon the recommendation of the Jelf Risk Committee, the Board approves the Company's Threshold Condition 2.4 regulatory capital requirement, Risk Management Policy and risk appetite statement.


Principle Five - Remuneration Policies 
The Marsh Remuneration Committee is net a formal Committee but a mechanism to provide regional governance and oversight of remuneration matters within the Marsh UK and Ireland business, which includes Marsh Commercial. The Marsh Remuneration Committee is chaired by the Chairman of the Marsh Limited Board, who is also Chairman of Jelf Insurance Brokers Limited, and is responsible for ensuring that the Remuneration policy and compensation practices of the Company are consistent with, and promote, sound and effective risk management, are in line with business strategy, objectives, values, culture, and the long term interests of the Company, encourage fair treatment of clients, and include measures to avoid conflicts of interest. In carrying out its responsibilities, the Committee considers: 
(a) the success and appropriateness of the risk and reward mechanisms available to the business to align 
the success of individual colleagues with the success of the business in a risk adjusted context; (b) 
remuneration and benefits strategies; and (c) 
succession planning needs. 
The remuneration packages of all executive directors, members of the Executive team, and all other colleagues falling within the top 50 based upon remuneration, (including base salary, bonuses, performancerelated payments, discretionary payments, long-term incentive awards, share options and pension contributions) are reviewed and approved by the Marsh Remuneration Committee in order to ensure that executive performance is remunerated not only on financial performance, but also on measures that ensure the legal, regulatory and reputational health of the Company. 
As part the Company's annual compensation process, the Committee reviews and challenges management on high level remuneration and performance data for all colleagues with a view to ensuring that remuneration proposals for the workforce as a whole are balanced, proportionate and aligned with the Company's commitment to building a diverse and in.elusive workforce. 
The Group produces a Gender Pay Gap Report on an annual basis, which is carefully scrutinised and discussed by the Board prior to publication. The Company is committed to continue improving the Company's Gender Pay Gap. For further details in this regard, please refer to the Company's latest Gender Pay Gap Report which can be found at at www.uk.mercer.com/content/dam/mercer/attachments/europe/uk/uk-2019-mercer-gender-paygap-final.pdf. 
benchmarks, at a market level, against the stated employee value propositions referencing both the extent to which remuneration structures support the business and development plans and


Principle Six - Stakeholder Relationships and Engagement 
"Directors should foster effective stakeholder relationships aligned to the company's purpose. The board is responsible for overseeing meaningful engagement with stakeholders, including the workforce, and having regard to their views when taking decisions." 
The Board has clearly outlined in its terms of reference its purpose, which is to generate value for its shareholder and to ensure the sound and prudent management of the firm, with due regard for the interests of the Company's other stakeholders, including clients, employees, suppliers and the wider community. 
Shareholder 
As a wholly owned subsidiary, the Board duly considers the views of its ultimate shareholder, Marsh & McLennan Companies Inc., and the interests of the Group as a whole as part of any major decisions and transactions undertaken by the Company. The Chairman of the Board and the Executive Directors provide the primary channel of communication between the Company, its shareholder and the wider Group. 
Distributions to the Company's shareholder are only considered after a full assessment of capital adequacy and the Company's ability to continue as a going concern into the foreseeable future to ensure investment in the future growth of the Company, balanced with stable and sustainable returns to the shareholder. 
The Greater Good, which is the Group's Code of Conduct, applies to all Directors and employees of the Company and it embodies the Group's commitment to maintaining the highest ethical conduct and professional standards. These non-negotiable standards are outlined in the Greater Good, which emphasises the importance of building trust with colleagues, clients and the wider community. 
As part of the Company's ultimate purpose, the Board and the Marsh Commercial Executive team are committed to ensuring that the Company makes a positive difference for its clients, its employees, its communities and society at large. 
Clients 
The Chief Executive Officer, members of the Marsh Commercial Executive team and other senior managers in the business meet regularly to review the feedback, plus they also undertake reviews with clients, to ensure that client needs are being met and as appropriate, to further refine and enhance service delivery. 
The Company is committed to ensuring all customers are treated fairly and that client interest is considered as part of decision making at every level within the Company including decisions to launch any new product or service. 
The Jelf Risk Committee monitors key conduct risk indicators, such as employee induction and training completed, error and omissions and complaints data and trends, actions and time taken to address areas of concern on to ensure positive client outcomes. The Board also receives high level reporting on conduct risks and escalations from the Jelf Risk Committee on any areas of particular concern.


Principle 6 - Stakeholder Relationships and Engagement (continued) Employees 
Contracts of employment and remuneration of employees are maintained by Jelf Insurance Brokers Limited. The Board recognises that, employees are key to the Company·s strength and success. The Board and the Executive team are committed to ensuring high levels of employee engagement. The Chief Executive Officer and the Executive team understand the importance of leadership visibility and, in addition to regular Townhalls with colleagues, they frequently undertake visits to offices across the UK. Regular employee engagement surveys are conducted and results are carefully scrutinised by the Board to identify and implement actions for improvement. The Jelf Insurance Brokers Limited Board monitors attrition rates and feedback from exit interviews, and absenteeism levels in an effort to identify emerging people risks and trends and to ensure appropriate action is taken to address these. Emerging people risks and trends are highlighted to the Board together with proposed action plans. 
Throughout 2019, and during preceding years, the Company had in place an Employee Consultative Forum (the Colleague Advisory Forum") which represented employees from all Marsh Commercial offices and lines of business in discussions of a more formal nature with executive management. This was instrumental in supporting colleagues through contractual and structural changes and acting as a sounding board for the Executive Team. 
The Chairman of the Colleague Advisory Forum is elected from the employee representatives and meets regularly to provide, for example, feedback to executive management on policy amendments, proposals for changes to benefits and to support colleagues when changes in structure are proposed. 
In 2019, work to develop a definition of the culture for the Company was a key priority for the Board and the Executive team. A programme has been developed with an external provider. This comprises three elements, an all colleague survey to establish a base point for our current culture, the creation of a narrative statement to define the desired culture and a development/monitoring plan to help achieve this. 
The Company is committed to reinforcing a wholly inclusive culture across a truly diverse workforce and committed to taking action to drive inclusive behaviour and prevent any form of discrimination across all areas of our workforce, including race, sexual orientation and economic background. 
It is the policy of the Company to give full consideration to suitable applications for employment from disabled persons. Every effort is made, where employees of the Company become disabled, to retain them in their existing employment. 
The Company is committed to ensuring a safe and healthy workplace and working environment for employees, contractors and visitors by providing adequate welfare facilities and maintaining suitable plant and safe systems of work. A further statement on Health, Safety and Environment is set out on page 12 of the Strategic Report. 
The Company provides defined contribution pension benefits for its employees. For some employees this is done through a pension plan governed by an independent Trustee Board and for other employees through a Group Personal Pension plan. The Trustee Board and the Group Personal Pension plan administrator both communicate and engage with pension plan members on a regular basis, including through an annual newsletter. Members can also ask questions and provide feedback via the administration teams who support the pension plans.


Principle 6 - Stakeholder Relationships and Engagement (continued) Community 
The Company, and the Group as a whole, recognises that in a world facing increasing risk and uncertainty, supporting our communities is more important than ever before. To this end, the Group has established a committee, comprised of representatives from across its businesses in the UK, including a representative of the Company, to focus o·n our Social Impact (formerly CSR) efforts in the UK. Given the Group's expertise in risk, strategy and people, our social impact efforts are focused on 'building resilient communities through mentoring and disaster response & rebuilding.' 
By aligning its Social Impact programmes with the business priorities and experience, the Group is able to demonstrate its commitment to its communities in the UK while supporting the business. The Group partners with select strategic global non-profit organisations, including; the Cherie Blair Foundation for Women, Junior Achievement, Missing Maps and the British Red Cross in the UK and encourages colleagues to volunteer with its non-profit partners, for local causes that are important to them and their clients. 
Suppliers 
Marsh Corporate Services Limited (MCSL), settles purchase invoices on behalf of the Company and monitors its relationship with its suppliers on a regular basis. 
MCSL reports on its supplier payment practices on a bi-annual basis, and results are monitored, on its behalf, by the Audit Committee at its quarterly meetings. The Company·s latest results can be found at https://checkpaymentpractices.service.gov.uk/report/27844 
The Company is committed to ensuring that slavery and human trafficking is not taking place in any of the Company's supply chains or any part of its business. Further detail on actions taken by the Company in compliance with the Modern Slavery Act 2015 is set out on page 14 of the Directors' Report.
