Corporate Governance Report 
For the year ended 31 December 2019, under The Companies (Miscellaneous Reporting) Regulations 2018, the Group has applied the Wates Corporate Governance Principles for Large Private Companies (published by the Financial Reporting Council ('FRC') in December 2018 and available on the FRC website). These corporate governance reporting requirements apply to Companies reporting for financial years starting on or after I January 2019 and Companies are able to adopt the Wates principles as an appropriate framework when making a disclosure regarding corporate governance arrangements. 
Principle 1 - Purpose and leadership 
With over 130 years of experience, KCA Deutag is one of the world's leading drilling and engineering contractors working onshore and offshore with a focus on safety, quality and operational performance. 
We operate approximately 110 drilling rigs, either directly or on behalf of our customers, employing people in Africa, Europe, Russia, the Middle East, the Caspian Sea and Canada. 
Our aim is to be recognised as the world's most successful drilling and engineering contractor through measurable performance improvement, delivering safe, effective and trouble-free operations. 
We have a guiding behavioural framework and six Core Values which define our purpose, goals and behaviours. The behavioural framework and Core Values were communicated to Group management during 2017. This was followed up with communication and training for employees on how they can contribute as well as the expected behaviours at differing levels within the Group. This builds on the Group's existing commitment to good governance and social responsibility. The Group promotes, amongst many other things, positive health, safety and wellbeing for all its staff; ethical business practices; working with local community initiatives; and a culture of environmental stewardship in all its activities. 
Principle 2 - Board Composition 
The Group has a separate Chairman and Chief Executive to ensure that the balance of responsibilities, accountabilities and decision making across the Group are effectively maintained. The Chairman plays a pivotal role in creating the conditions for overall Board and individual director effectiveness. 
The Directors have equal voting rights when making decisions. All Directors have access to the advice and services of the Group General Counsel and may, if they wish, take professional advice at the Group's expense. 
The KCA Deutag Alpha Limited Board has Director representatives from each of our major shareholders plus the Group's Chairman and Chief Executive Officer. Other than their shareholding, the shareholder representative Directors are wholly independent in that they have no material business or relationships with the Group that might influence their independence or judgement. The size and composition of the board is appropriate to a Group of our size and complexity. 
The duties of the Board are executed partially through committees. Each director may attend any of the committees and elect the committee chairman so that they are able to challenge and influence a broad range of areas across the Group. 
The Executive Management Team ensures that the values, strategy and culture are aligned, implemented and communicated to the workforce most notably through regular Executive Management Team meetings as well as Town Hall presentations that are available to all employees to attend. 
We acknowledge that there is a relative lack of diversity on the Board and Executive Management Team and recognise that this is a challenge across the oil and gas sector as a whole. We are committed to making the Group an ever-more inclusive environment, thereby fostering a more diverse workforce which should increase diversity at the most senior levels. 
Principle 3 - Director Responsibilities Accountability 
Good governance supports open and fair business, ensures that the Group has the right safeguards in place and makes certain that every decision it takes is underpinned by the right considerations. Whilst Board oversight is always maintained, key decisions are made by the individuals and committees with the most appropriate knowledge and industry experience. 
Each Board member has a clear understanding of their accountability and responsibilities. The Board has a programme of quarterly meetings every year as well as regular updates via a Sub-Committee of the Board who meet with the Executive Management Team and Senior Management on a more regular basis.



The Directors and Committee members are asked to declare their interests at the start of each Board/Committee meeting so as to avoid any conflict of interest issues. As part of the annual audit, each director is required to complete a Related Party information request, in which they disclose any directorships and/or substantial shareholdings they may have in non-Group companies. Committees 
Audit Committee 
The Committee's primary concerns are the integrity of the Group's financial statements; the effectiveness of internal controls; enterprise risk management; the performance of the internal audit function; the performance and independence of the external auditors; and the Group's compliance with legal and regulatory requirements. 
The Committee has clearly defined terms of reference, which are reviewed annually and are available from the Group's Head of Internal Audit and Controls. These outline the Committee's objectives and responsibilities relating to financial reporting, internal controls, risk management and the application of appropriate accounting standards and procedures. Specific responsibilities include reviewing and recommending for approval the annual financial statements, reviewing the Group's accounting policies, reviewing the effectiveness of internal controls, internal audit and risk management processes and reviewing the scope and results of the external audit. 
Robert Ellis, Group Chairman, was the Chair of the Audit Committee in 2019. The Audit Committee comprised two other Non-Executive Directors; Markku Lonnqvist and Dean Merritt. The Board is satisfied that the recent and relevant financial experience of both the Committee Chair and the Committee's members during 2019 followed the principles of good governance in relation to their skills, knowledge and experience. 
Remuneration Committee 
The Remuneration Committee has clearly defined terms of reference and is responsible for making recommendations to the Board concerning the Group's remuneration strategy, recruitment framework and long-term incentive plans for senior executives. In doing so, the Committee takes advice from independent external consultants who provide updates on legislative requirements, best market practice and remuneration benchmarking, drawing on evidence from across the sectors in which the Group operates and from other sectors. Pay is aligned with performance and taking into account fair pay and conditions across the Group's workforce. The Group's remuneration policy for executives is consistent with companies of a similar size and complexity, as well as other companies operating within the oil and gas sector. The directors' remuneration is disclosed on page 75 (note 27). 
The Committee's primary objective is to set remuneration at a level that will enhance the Group's resources by attracting, retaining and motivating quality senior management who can deliver the Group's strategic ambitions within a framework that is aligned with shareholder interests. 
The Committee firmly believes that retaining the best people on the right remuneration, with an emphasis on performance-related pay, strengthens the Group's ability to face challenges emanating from economic and market change, and to deliver long-term sustainable value for all stakeholders. During 2019, the Remuneration Committee comprised four Non-Executive Directors , the Chief Executive Officer and is chaired by Robert Ellis. 
Ethics Committee 
The Group's Ethics Committee is chaired by the Head of Internal Audit and Controls and meets on a quarterly basis. Attendees are the Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer, Business Units Presidents/Senior Vice Presidents, Senior Vice President, HR and the Group's Head of Operational Integrity and HSSE. The quarterly meetings cover a standing agenda around five key areas, namely: Anti-Bribery and Corruption, Third Parky Risk Management, Export Controls and Sanctions, Emerging Legislation and Investigations. A summary of matters discussed by the Ethics Committee is also discussed at the Audit Committee. 
Risk Management Committee The Risk Management Committee, consisting of the Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer, and Group General Counsel, supported by business unit and functional leads, ensures that inherent and emerging risks are identified and managed appropriately and in a timely manner. The Committee meets on a weekly or as required basis to deal with any specific risk-related items and to consider investment decisions on new projects and contracts.


The Board remains satisfied that the composition of the Committee strengthens the Group's approach to risk management and mitigation and that the Committee remains focused on the key risks affecting financial and operational performance. To support the Committees' work and to enhance the cohesion of the Group's risk management approach, including the cascade of Group-wide messages and lessons learnt, heads of business units and functions attend meetings as required to discuss their respective risk management and mitigation plans. 
Executive Management Team 
The Board delegates authority for day-to-day management of the Group to the Executive Management Team under the leadership of the Chief Executive under an agreed Group Authorisation Matrix. 
The Executive Management Team meet regularly and consists of individuals responsible for the strategic business units and key functions. A biography for each member of the Executive Management Team can be found on the Group's website: https://www.kcadeutag.com/whoweare/Pages/Meet-the-management-team.aspx 
The Executive Management Team's duties include formulating strategy proposals foi Board approval and ensuring that the agreed strategy is implemented in a timely and effective manner. 
Integrity of information 
The Board receives regular information on all key aspects of the business including health and safety, risks and opportunities, the financial performance of the business, strategy, operational matters, and market conditions, all supported by Key Performance Indicators (KPis). 
Key financial information is collated from the Group's various accounting systems. The Group's finance function is appropriately qualified to ensure the integrity of this information and is provided with the necessary training to keep up to date with regulatory changes. Financial information is currently externally audited by PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP on an annual basis, and financial controls are reviewed by the Group's internal audit function. Other key information is prepared by the relevant internal function. Processes for collecting data, as well as the reporting of that data, is reviewed on a cyclical basis by the Group's internal audit function with quarterly reporting provided to the Audit Committee. 
Principle 4 - Opportunity and Risk The Board seeks out opportunity whilst mitigating risk. Opportunity 
Long term strategic opportunities are highlighted in the annual Group budgeting and business planning process which results in the budget and five year plan being presented to the Group Board each year. The Board seeks out opportunities drawn from the business as well as those presented to the shareholder group. Short term opportunities to improve performance, resilience and liquidity within the Group are collated through the weekly meetings of the Risk Management Committee. 
Risk 
The Group has an Enterprise Risk Management framework which consolidates the risk registers across the Group for any changes in underlying conditions. Risk registers are reviewed and updated twice-yearly by the Business Units and corporate functions to ensure they reflect the current risks facing the business. Annual presentations of the most significant risks are made by the Business Units and corporate functions to the Risk Management Committee. 
The Group continues to refine and enhance the Group's risk management framework and risk registers and works to ensure consistency across operations. The Group's key operational risks and mitigations are outlined in the Strategic Report (on pages 5 to 14). 
The Group's Strategic Report includes key risks that are monitored by the Risk Management Committee and the Board. The risk register is presented to the Audit Committee and the Board on an annual basis. The Group's systems and controls are designed to manage, rather than to entirely eliminate, the risk of failure to achieve business objectives and can only provide reasonable and not an absolute assurance against a risk materialising.


Responsibilities The Group has developed an Operating Framework based on its World Wide Standards which encapsulates the Group's operating rules, processes, best practice standards and delegated authorities. 
Specifically, the Group Board approves any contract above a certain value or any transaction that requires an unbudgeted allocation of capital (as described in the Group Authorisations Matrix), to ensure that the appropriate level of diligence has been performed in understanding the obligations, risks and terms of the contract. This enables the Group to protect the integrity and long-term sustainability of all its businesses, to meet its strategic objectives and to create value for its shareholders, customers and suppliers. 
The Group's Risk Management Committee performs an oversight role in terms of the management and mitigation of risk within the Group's operations as well as reviewing new business opportunities before they are approved. 
Principle 5 - Remuneration 
The Remuneration Committee's primary objective is to set remuneration at a level that will enhance the Group's human resources by securing and retaining quality senior management who can deliver the Group's strategic ambitions in a manner consistent with both its purpose and the interests of its shareholders. 
In 2018, the Group completed its Gender Pay Reporting for the first time which highlighted some specific areas of focus for 2019 and beyond. The Group is an active equal opportunities employer and promotes an environment free from discrimination, harassment and victimisation, where everyone receives equal treatment and career development regardless of age, gender, nationality, ethnic origin, religion, marital status, sexual orientation or disability. All decisions relating to employment practices (including remuneration) are objective, free from bias and based solely upon work criteria and individual merit. 
As part of the Group's focus on Diversity, the Group set up a Gender Diversity Group Forum based in the Group Corporate Office in Aberdeen, comprising of a number of managers who have been tasked with looking at areas which impact all our employees. These have included flexible working initiatives and the impact of unconscious bias in the workplace. 
Principle 6 - Stakeholders 
The Board is clear that good governance and effective communication are essential on a day-to-day basis to deliver our purpose and to protect the Group's brand, reputation and relationships with all our stakeholder community including shareholders, customers, employees, suppliers and the local communities in which we work. The Board continues to seek to align the Group's strategic direction with its purpose and to the shareholders' long-term aspirations for sustainability and growth. 
The Group's Chief Executive and Chief Financial Officers provide the primary communication route between the Executive Management Team, the board and shareholders. Under the shareholders' agreement the shareholders have the right to appoint directors to the board. 
External impacts 
The Board is committed to social responsibility, community engagement and environmental sustainability. It achieves this in part through its commitment to: a culture of zero harm (ensuring the safety, health and wellbeing of everyone who works with us); creating positive environmental and social impact; and seeking to be an employer of choice where everyone is valued and respected. 
Stakeholders The Board promotes accountability and transparency with all external stakeholders. 
The Group also has in place its six Core Values which provide the framework for effectively leading, supporting and managing employees. The Group CEO hosts Town Hall meetings to provide a briefing on the Group's performance and allows individuals to raise questions and concerns. The Group monitors its employees' commitment to its guiding framework by asking members of senior management to submit a quarterly declaration confirming whether they have complied with the key requirements of critical World Wide Standards. All Group employees complete an annual appraisal with their line manager. This appraisal process is linked directly to each of the Group's six Core Values giving a strong linkage of individual performance to these values.


If any employee wishes to highlight any inappropriate behaviour, they can contact the independent whistleblowing services provider and a formal investigation follows, with reporting to the Audit Committee. The Executive Management Team has overseen a number of initiatives over the past few years to improve employee relations by seeking to expand the menu of flexible benefits on offer, encouraging more flexible working practices and wellbeing initiatives and updating the Group's intranet platform and channels of communication to share information, best practice, achievements and success. 
2018 saw the introduction in the UK of both Gender Pay Reporting and Payment Practices and Performance Reporting, both of which are published externally. The additional analysis required to conduct this reporting has highlighted some areas on which the Group needs to improve. The Group welcomes these changes as it is looking to constantly improve in its engagement with all stakeholders. These relationships are key to ensuring that the decisions made by both the Group and the scheme reflect the interest of all stakeholders. The Group's website (www.kcadeutag.com), intranet and social media channels provide extensive and up-to-date news on recent developments as well as regular updates from the Chief Executive via his biog. 
Since his appointment as Chief Executive Officer on 1 July 2019, Joseph Elkhoury has sought to increase employee engagement levels by visiting many of the Group's locations, hosting Town Hall meetings on each visit with "Question and Answer" opportunities for all staff. He has also engaged with a large number of employees on a one-to-one basis in order to understand the current state of the business and concerns faced by employees. 
Joseph also launched several #enhancethebrand improvement initiatives. These initiatives are led by separate teams that combine diverse groups of employees from different functions, business units and organisational levels to encourage proactive collaboration across the company. One initiative in particular is the bottoms up approach, the SKORE initiative encourages employees to provide process improvements to eliminate waste and reduce cost through Streamlining, Kollaboration, Outperforming, Retaining and Expanding. This initiative is aimed at ensuring the Group operates in an efficient and cost-effective manner while also looking to increase employee engagement, accountability and ownership. 
Activities of the Board in 2019 
The Board operates a forward agenda of standing items appropriate to the Group's operating and reporting cycles. Items requiring Board approval or endorsement are clearly defined whilst other items are for monitoring or reviewing progress against strategic priorities, risk management or the adequacy of internal controls. 
During 2019 the Board: 
• • • • • • 
• • • • • 
Approved the Annual Accounts and Reports 2018; Set the Group's 2019 budget and five year business plan; Considered the allocation of capital to support the rolling five year business plan; Received detailed reports on the Group's operating and financial performance; Gave consideration to the Group's safety performance; 
Received updates on progress against strategic programmes and tested the overall strategy against the delivery of shareholders' long term objectives; Frequently considered the evolving economic, political and market conditions; Considered competitor behaviour, assessing KCA Deutag's performance in comparison to its peers; Considered opportunities for organic growth and growth via Merger & Acquisition activity Considered and agreed in principle a set of targets for the acceptable level ofliquidity; 
Reviewed the Group's forecast funding requirements, debt capacity and potential financing options that would enable achievement of the desired targets;


External Auditors 
PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP were re-appointed external auditors during 2019. The Audit Committee assesses the effectiveness of their performance every year after completion of the annual audit plan and during 2019 the Audit Committee evaluated their performance in relation to the 2018 audit. The evaluation takes the form of discussions with Management and other members of the Executive Management Team. The calibre of the external auditors, their governance, independence and professionalism continues to receive good feedback. Both management and the external auditors are committed to a positive working relationship that enhances the effective and efficient execution of the audit process. 
As it is privately owned, the Group is not subject to the same external restrictions in terms of non-audit work provided by the external auditors as if it were a public company, but for good governance has chosen to implement its own policy in relation to the level of their remuneration and the extent of their non-audit services. 
Throughout 2019 the Audit Committee was satisfied that the Group's external auditors' engagement policy had been complied with and concluded that the external auditors remained objective and independent and that the audit process was robust. 
The Committee meets quarterly ahead of the Main Board meetings and more frequently if required.


Reviewed cash forecasts, cash management and status reports on the Group's funding; Reviewed key risks, together with the adequacy of mitigation controls; Considered future potential capital investment opportunities with an assessment made on risk versus reward; Received regular reports from the Chairs of the Audit and Remuneration Committees; 
Considered the continued personal development of the Executive Management Team, including senior management succession planning; 
Implemented a review of the Group's remuµeration of senior management incentive arrangements to ensure alignment with shareholder returns; Evaluated the short and long terms trends in the oil and gas sector that would help to inform the wider business strategy and 
the Group's long term planning process; Considered the data and narrative relevant to the Group's Gender Pay Reporting and Payment Practices Regulations; and 
Approved the annual statements on the Group's policies on anti-slavery and human trafficking, anti-bribery and corruption and the Group's tax strategy, which can all be found on the Group's website http://www.kcadeutag.com
