CORPORATE GOVERNANCE STATEMENT 
For the year ended 3 I March 2020, under The Companies (Miscellaneous Reporting) Regulations 2018, the company has applied the Wates Corporate Governance Principles for Large Companies (published by the Financial Reporting Council (FRC) in December 2018 and available on the FRC website. 
Good corporate governance is fundamental to the company success and we have in place a strong and effective governance framework and practices to ensure that high standards of governance, values and behaviours are consistently applied throughout the company. These new corporate governance reporting requirements apply to company reporting for financial years starting on or after I January 2019 and Companies arc able to adopt the Wates principles as an appropriate framework \-vhen making a disclosure regarding corporate governance arrangements. We have adopted the disclosure in our 2020 Report and Accounts and set out below is how we have applied the Principles over the past year throughout our work. 
Purpose and Leadership; Our vision is to make a positive contribution to meeting society's transports needs as the leading UK independent fast fit operation. We aim to create sustainable value for our stakeholders through a focused programme that is balanced as to risk and reward. Our values of excellence in Health and Safety, accountability, integrity and teamwork are a core component of our business and help to guide all our actions. These values form a key component of our drivers for success and provide a strong platform from which to ensure all of our activities arc geared towards sustainable value. We are committed to achieving best-in-class standards, maintaining safe and reliable operations. 
Board Composition; The composition of the Board and changes during the year is as set out in the Report of the Directors. The Board believes it has an appropriate balance in regards to the size and nature of the business. Although there are no independent directors on the Board, the Directors are highly experienced business leaders and frequently consider the interests of a broad range of stakeholders (including employees) in their decision-making processes. Having led and held senior executive positions in other leading organisations, the Directors bring many years of experience to the company. 
Board Responsibilities; The Board is committed to ensuring that it provides leadership to the company as a whole, having regard to the interests and views of its shareholders and other stakeholders. It is also responsible for setting the company's strategy, values and standards. The Board is responsible for the effective leadership, operation and governance of the company. Directors contribute ertectively in the development and implementation of the Company's strategy whilst ensuring that the nature and extent of the significant risks the Company is willing to embrace in lhe implementation of its strategy are determined and challenged. The Directors, together, act in the best interests of the Company devoting sufficient time and consideration as necessary to fulfil their duties. Each Director brings different skills, experience and knowledge to the Company. 
Opportunity and risk; The company's seek to capitalise on opportunities (for example through new products, partnerships) while mitigating risks where possible. 
Remuneration; The Directors develop, maintain and implement remuneration policies. The overriding objective of such policies is to attract and retain high-calibre individuals with a competitive reward package based on the achievement of corporate performance targets. These are linked to individual performance and accountability, and supports the company's commitment to high values while rewarding long-term value creation. The Directors ensures that levels of compensation across the company are sufficiently competitive lo retain talent. 
Stakeholders; The Board is committed to effective communications with its shareholders and engagement with stakeholders is discussed this within the stakeholder disclosure of Section of S 172 (1) statement.

