Corporate Governance Statement 
The Board is responsible for nurturing and upholding the culture, values, standards, ethics and reputation of the Company to ensure that our obligations to our shareholders and our stakeholders are met. The Board considers each matter before it in the context of the stakeholders who may be affected, and their interests are carefully considered as part of the Board's decision-making process. The Board takes account of the broader socio-environmental context within which our business operates, Including the Impact of the Company's operations on communities and the wider wortd, particularly in relation to climate change, human rights and sustainability. The Board Is comprised of the Managing Director of the Company's UK and Ireland business, the Managing Director of the L'Oreal Group's Western Europe Zone, the L'Oreal Group General Counsel, the Chief Financial Officer of L'Oreal Luxe International Brands and the Chairman who has significant operational, marketing and human resources experience gained from over 30 years in the L'Oreal Group. As a result, the directors bring a balance of skills, experience and knowledge to the Board. L'Oreal S.A sets the remuneration level of the Board within structures aligned to the long-term sustainable success of the Company and the Group. 
As further detailed in the Strategic Report under the heading 'Section 172 Statement', Board Meetings were held in March and September 2019 following an agenda agreed in advance by the Chairman, the Company's Managing Director and Company Secretary. In addition, a number of decisions were made during the year by written resolutions of the Directors. Specific other matters have been delegated by the Board to committees: 
• 
the Board has established a sustainability steering committee that drives our local sustainability targets. Our Managing Director for UK & Ireland sits on that committee with others including our Operations Director (see also page 7, Strategic Report). The Board received a detailed update on the work of that committee at the September 2019 Board Meeting; and 
• 
at the September 2019 Board meeting, the Board approved the establishment of a new committee focussed on anti-corruption (see decision referred to at Page 9, Strategic Report). 
Both the Board, in its decision-making processes and considerations, and the executive team and committees reporting to the Board, are mindful of the need to uphold a positive corporate culture and to take into account the interests of all stakeholders. Board deliberations are conducted in a spirit that encourages independent thought and challenge, with the aim of balancing risks and opportunities. Our governance policies and processes are kept under review, to ensure that there is a clear understanding of accountability and responsibilities and that these structures develop with our business. 
To this end, towards the end of 2019, the Chairman and Company Secretary undertook a detailed review of the Company's corporate governance with the law firm Baker McKenzie LLP. In December 2019, it was agreed to hold a special purpose Board Meeting in January 2020 at which Baker McKenzie LLP conducted a refresher training session for the Board on effective corporate governance, stakeholders and decision making, and director duties. The Board discussed the nature of and opportunities for enhancing future engagement with stakeholders and consideration of all section 172 factors. As a result, the Board resolved to take certain steps to formalise and enhance its governance practices, namely to: 
• 
formally adopt the Wates Principles as the Company's Corporate Governance Code (noting that the Board considered that, In its decision-making structures and processes, the company already applied the broad principles set out in the Wates Principles, as noted above In the Strategic Report under the heading 'Section 172 Statement'. For example, "Purpose and Leadership" ( see pages 4 to 8). "Board Responsibilities" (see page 4), "Opportunity and Risk" (see pages 4 and 9), "Stakeholder Relationships and Engagement" (see pages 8 and·9), "Board Composition" (see above) and "Remuneration" (see above)); 
• aim to hold at least four Board Meetings per year;


appoint a Board Advisor relating to corporate governance matters to support the Chairman and Company Secretary and to ensure Board papers are provided for review at least one week In advance of meetings, which signpost all applicable section 172 Issues; and 
create a stakeholder and section 172 dashboard to ensure decisions are taken with due deliberation of the impact on relevant stakeholders and to strengthen the Board's focus on the delivery of all the requirements of section 172.
