Statement of Corporate Governance arrangements 
Large private limited companies in the UK are now expected to disclose details of the corporate governance principles they have applied during the financial year. Phoenix has chosen to adopt the Wates Principles and will take an "apply or explain" approach in order to provide an understanding of how our corporate processes operate. As a Board we believe that practising good corporate governance is essential for building a successful and sustainable business and in the following report we will confirm how the Phoenix UK group applies the six Wates Principles (Purpose, Composition, Responsibility, Opportunity and risk, Remuneration and Stakeholders) and we will explain the future plans for development in the areas where we do not. 
Principle 1 - Purpose and Leadership 
An effective boardpromotes the.purpose.of a company, and ensures that its values, strategy andculture align with that purpose. 
How does the board build relationships with all stakeholders? 
The company places great importance on building effective relationships with all of its stakeholders. Internally, the company uses regular employee engagement initiatives, through a variety of channels to communicate company plans and key messages. Externally, we have an extensive presence across all our stakeholder groups including customers, patients, professional and regulatory bodies and the media. 
Is there an effective mechanism in relation to raising concerns about misconduct and unethical practices? 
How does the board embed the desired culture in the organisation? 
The company has a well-established system for reporting misconduct and unethical practices via a group managed web-portal to which all employees have access. All reports are fully investigated by a dedicated team. 
The company is currently working on an ongoing 'People Plan' project, which is aimed at developing highly effective colleagues that are not only more efficient and productive but also fully aligned with the company's mission, vision and values. This project is helping to shape the future culture for the organisation. 
Is there a clearly articulated strategy for the organisation? 
The company strategy is to concentrate on what Phoenix can influence for promoting both sustainable long-term growth and profitability. 
At the heart of 
strategy is the steps being made in order to achieve a high quality, innovative and competitive service. Thi.sis clearly articulated through various means to the entire organisation so that everyone is aware of the role they have to play and the difference they can make. 
How are conflicts of interest managed? 
The wider Phoenix Group has a robust compliance and governance framework consisting of a number of policies. The Anti-Corruption policy provides clear definition of conflicts of interest and colleagues are made aware of their obligations through regular training. Where any infringement is suspected or identified immediate disclosure would be made to line managers and the company compliance manager.

Principle 2 - Board Composition Effective board composii1on requires an effective chair and a balance of skills, backgrounds, experience and knowledge, with individual directors having sufficient capacity to make a valuable contribution. The size of a board sh_ould be guided by the scale and complexity of the company. 
Is there clarity on the roles of the Chair and Chief Executive? 
The way in which the Phoenix UK parent company board is structured is such that the members of the German parent company board also sit on the UK board. At meetings the Chief Executive Officer of the German parent company assumes the role of Chairman of the Phoenix UK board and the UK Managing Director acts as Chief Executive for Phoenix UK. In this regard there is clarity of roles of the Chair and Chief Executive. The board of this company includes three directors of the UK parent company board and reports direct to that board. 
How do appointments to the board demonstrate appropriate consideration of the combination of skills, backgrounds, experience and knowledge? 
Appointments to the Board are made against a specific skill set, as set out in the job description, which clearly references the group competency model with regards to skills, backgrounds, experience and knowledge. When appointing directors the Company uses professional executive search agency who are aware of our requirements and tailor the assessment process to ensure objectivity and impartiality. The Company is satisfied that it currently has an appropriate balance of skills, backgrounds, experience and knowledge to support the business strategy. 
How does the size and structure of the board facilitate constructive challenge and effective decisionmaking? 
The way in which the Phoenix UK parent company board is structured means that the members of the German parent company board are directors of the UK parent company (Phoenix Medical Supplies Limited) and provide constructive challenge on decisions being made at local level. These meetings take place four times per year. In addition, the UK board meet monthly to discuss all matters concerning the business with full senior representation. The decisions made are both operational and strategic in nature. The board of this company includes three directors of the UK parent company board and reports direct to that board. 
What mechanisms exist to support the ongoing professional development of the board and the identification of the strengths and weaknesses of board performance? 
Areas for Development 
Upon appointment, professional advisors provide an individual assessment of each board director that then links to an individual personal development plan which each director is regularly evaluated against. The Board is satisfied that it currently has an appropriate balance of skills, backgrounds, experience and knowledge to support the business strategy. 
The company will seek to establish a more formal Board Evaluation process (in addition to the director evaluations already conducted).


Principle 3 ,- Director Responsibilities A board should have 
a clear:understanding ·or its accountability and terms of reference. Its 
policies and procedures should support effective decision-making and independent challenge. Are there clear lines of 
accountability and responsibility, which 
support effective decisionmaking throughout the organisation? 
How does the board 
confirm that governance processes remain fit for purpose and identify 
initiatives to strengthen the governance of the company? 
There are very clear lines of accountability and responsibility within the Phoenix Group. All major investments and divestments, made by the UK Board, must be approved by the German parent company board. Limits are clearly defined with regard to what can be agreed at local level and what must be referred to Germany for approval. 
There are a number of committees that exist within the UK group to ensure governance processes remain fit for purpose, this includes: a project management board, a customer proposition forum (both of which are made up of Board members) and a Risk Committee and Compliance Committee (which report directly to the UK Board). 
Where responsibilities have There is an ongoing project with regard to assessing the terms of been delegated to a board sub-committee, are the terms of reference of that 
reference in place for each of the committees and ensuring they are fit for purpose, clearly setting out the key responsibilities and authority levels. 
committee clearly established? 
How does the board ensure Phoenix Germany has a central internal audit function that that systems and controls are operating effectively and that the quality and integrity of information produced is reliable? 
Areas for Development 
To make sure Terms of Reference are in place for all Boards and Committees Establish the commercial audit function 
conducts regular audits. When in the UK they request meetings with various key stakeholders and heads of department. At local level, in the UK, a commercial audit function is under construction which will provide continuous review and recommendations with regards to processes and controls.


Principle 4 - Opportunity and Risk A board should promote the long-term success of the comp~ny by identifying opportu;ities to Create and preserve vaiue, and establishing oversight for the identification and mitigation of risks. 
Is there a clear articulation of how the company creates and preserves value over the long-term? 
Which processes support the identification of future opportunities for innovation and entrepreneurship? 
How does the board ensure that there is appropriate oversight of risk and accountability to stakeholders? 
How does the risk management and internal control framework provide an effective platform to enable the board to make informed and robust decisions? What is the approach to reporting, including frequency of reporting and the points at which decisions are made and escalated? 
The UK Board is fully involved in discussing and developing the strategy and business model for Phoenix UK, taking into account the interests of the parent company, customers, employees and other stakeholders over the long-term. The board is then responsible for articulating the strategy and managing the business at an operational level. 
There are a number of committees and forums that exist within the UK group, which -support the identification of future opportunities for innovation and entrepreneurship. These include a project management board, a customer proposition forum, regular Board strategy away days and an annual senior leadership conference. 
The group risk committee meets quarterly to discuss and score key business risks and assess any emerging risks. The top risks are reported up to the management board for consideration and, where necessary, escalated to the main board. In addition, Phoenix UK maintains a comprehensive insurance portfolio which is reviewed annually. 
Our main corporate objective is to maximise value in the longterm. The Directors recognise that creating value is the reward for taking business risks. 
When required, reports to the Board include an assessment of how likely risks are to happen and the impact if they did happen, as well as the risk mitigation initiatives and how effective these are. There is an ongoing process to identify, evaluate and make decisions on the significant risks faced by Phoenix UK and assess the effectiveness of related controls.


Principle 5 - Remuneration A board should promote executive remuneration structures aligned to the long-term sustainable · success of a company, takinginto account pay and conditions elsewhere in the company.· 
Is there clear alignment between the remuneration of directors and the performance, behaviours, purpose, values and strategy of the company? 
How do remuneration policies take account of the pay and conditions of the wider workforce? 
Remuneration is directly linked to the company's strategy for creating sustainable long-term growth and profitability. External benchmarking, with regards to progress made against strategy, is regularly undertaken by professional advisors. In addition, the German Board assesses director performance with regards to behaviours, purpose and values and ensures there is clear alignment of remuneration against progress in these areas. 
For the wider workforce the remuneration policy takes into account standard living increase, compliant with national living wage, in line with best industry standards. Within our depots we have collectively agreed rates with unions. Our commercial roles attract a bonus which is based on clear objectives set at the start of the financial year. 
Statement on Stakeholder Engagement and Principle 6 
Directors should foster effective stakeholder relationships aligned to the company's purpose. The board is responsible for overseeing meaningful engagement with stakeholders, including the workforce, and having regard to their views when taking decisions. Employee Engagement As a Company we consider our employees as one of our most important stakeholders with whom we are engaged on a day to day basis. We use regular employee engagement surveys as a means to communicate with our colleagues, which helps to assess and define and deliver future goals and strategy. More recently, the Company, has created Colleague Engagement Groups involving colleagues from across the business as part of its ongoing employee commitment and initiatives around its 'people plan'. Regular dialogue within the business is actively encouraged from attendance at Town Hall meetings, led by the UK Executive Board, to monthly team huddles where key business information can be disseminated by managers to their teams. The increased use of technology has enabled the business to cascade key messages via more media platforms, including the intranet, dedicated social media platform for business (Speakap) and a group controlled screensaver. This helps re-enforce our strengths and achievements as a business to our employees. 
Engagement with suppliers, customers and the wider community 
The Company has a strong digital presence across multiple social media sites such as Facebook, Twitter and Linkedln, which allows us to interact, create dialogue and build relationships directly with a range of stakeholders including customers, patients and the public. Within the Pharmaceutical industry, we maintain regular contact with a range of government and political stakeholders, both directly and via sector representatives. We have representation on a number of sector representative bodies and proactively respond to government and regulatory consultation exercises. The group compliance and governance framework ensures that that, as a company, we act in a responsible manner in all business activities with our customers, partners and suppliers and that certain minimum terms are adopted when entering in to new business relationships. The Company is committed to sustainability and each year we complete a comprehensive online assessment that tracks the Company's progress and highlights any areas of focus.
