CORPORATE GOVERNANCE STATEMENT 
The structure of the Corporate Governance Statement follows that of the Wates Principles. Each of the Wates Principles has been considered individually and in the context of Laing O'Rourke's operations.


PRINCIPLE ONE PURPOSE AND LEADERSHIP 
As an engineering and construction group, Laing O'Rourke is committed to playing a vital role in building stronger and more sustainable communities and contributing to economic growth. The Group is committed to the development of a culture based on what is described as Excellence Plus performance. 
At the heart of the business is the Mission to become the recognised leader for innovation and excellence in the construction industry achieved by means of a strategy based on the values of the founding shareholders. These aims are clear, powerful, and relevant to the business challenges of today and tomorrow and form a compelling guide to the goals of the Group and how they will be achieved. The Group's Deliver 2025 mission is driven by innovation, with technical excellence in design, manufacturing and construction at its core. Engineering excellence, coupled with adoption of new technologies and a progressive people agenda develops talent, attracts the very best external people to the business and improves the safety and overall wellbeing of all concerned. With the current momentum in the business, this focus allows the Group to create a clear and sustainable competitive advantage in the demanding markets in which the business operates. The Laing O'Rourke Mission is underpinned by three guiding principles and supported by five conditions. OUR GUIDING PRINCIPLES Absolute alignment Work as one team by knowing and understanding the people and their talents to deliver for customers. 
Complete thinking Look at projects in their entirety to ensure that all parts are brought together at the right time and in the right way for the customer and the business. 
Sophisticated simplicity Making the complex world of construction feel simple, useable and inspiring. The Board appreciates the importance of engagement and dialogue with its employees and wider stakeholders. If the transformation of the industry is to be achieved the strategy, decision making process and culture embraced by Laing O'Rourke must be communicated to employees, and this is achieved through the annual leadership conference, supported by regular leadership briefings, the Group's internal social network Yammer and the Intranet. Members of the Group Executive Committee have visited projects throughout the UK and Australia in order to explain the transformation agenda to all concerned. The Board sets and leads behaviours and culture to support the delivery of the strategy. In June 2019, the Board approved the revised Code of Conduct, which sets out behaviours acceptable .to Laing O'Rourke. The Code of Conduct defines Laing O'Rourke's commitment to operating globally in accordance with ethical standards and the behaviours that are expected of employees, supply chain partners and other stakeholders. The aim is to go beyond minimal compliance. The Code of Conduct, "Doing the Right Thing", can be found on the Group's website.


PRINCIPLE TWO LOR CORPORATION BOARD COMPOSITION 
Laing O'Rourke has appointed a number of Independent Non-Executive Directors to the LOR Corporation Board. They bring experience from different perspectives and challenge from outside the sectors in which the business operates. 
The Board is led by Sir John Parker, Independent Non-Executive Director, aso<:::hairman of the Group. The Board further comprises:the Chief Executive Officer, Deputy:C:hairman, Chief Finance Officer, three further Independent Non-Executive Directors and the Group Company Secretary. 
The size and·composition of the Board is considered to be appropria!e for a business of this size and complexity, as well as bringing the necessary skills and experience to fulfil the Board's responsibilitie::s. The Board operates through a number of executive committees the structure of which can be found on page 7. The Audit Committee and the Nomination and Governance CorT)IJ.litt~e are chaired by N9r,i-Executive Directors in order to ensure independent challenge and influence across the broad range _qf Jssues fo~ vyhich these Commi_tteE;ls 9re responsible. A new Non-Executive Chair of the Health, Safety and Environment Committee is in the course of being appointed. Board members have equal voting rights when making decisions. The specific modus operandi of the Board is set out in the Company'~ l\rticlm of A~sociation, a copy of which can be 
requested from the Jersey Financial Services Commission or from the Group Company Secretary. All directors have equal access to the Group Company Secretary and may take professional advice if desired at the Company's expense. 
The Company is confident that the Board has the right skills and experience to discharge its duties effectively. The Board calendar includes regular visits to major projects and directors are free to request such information as they may wish on any aspect of the Group's operations. Formal training for directors has been introduced and the Group has a clear commitment fo professional development. The Chairman undertakes a programme of discussion and evaluation with each member of the Board outside the forum of formal meetings. 
This evaluation includes a focus upon succession, which is under regular review both at Board and operational level and is of particular relevance to the drive for transformation over the next three years. The Group has implemented an Executive Development Programme across both the Europe and Australia Hubs, with specialist coaching designed to identify and address development goals. 
The Board acknowledges a relative lack of diversity in its membership which is a common challenge across the engineering and construction sectors. In the course of 2019, the Board approved a new Diversity & Inclusion statement for the Group. Laing O'Rourke continues its aspiration to increase diversity across the business.


PRINCIPLE THREE DIRECTOR RESPONSIBILITIES 
In the summer of 2019 the Board reviewed. revised and approved a Group Governance Framework. This sets out the responsibilities. accountability and obligations of Board members, the collective Board and its Executive Committees. The aim is to provide a clear understanding of roles and responsibilities. linking to policies and procedures and delegations of authority, supporting effective decision-making and independent challenge, in tum delivering long-term value to the Group and to stakeholders. The Board delegates day-to-day management of the Group to the Group Executive Committee and the Europe Hub Executive Committee report directly into the Group Executive Committee. The Board further delegates detailed and specific matters to the other Committees mentioned whose role it is to consider specific issues of relevance to Group governance and to recommend a course of action to the Board. 
The Non-Executive Directors are wholly independent and have no material business or other relationships with the Group which might influence their independence, judgement or decisions. 
Directors are aware of their statutory and ethical duties in relation to potential conflicts of interest which may compromise objective decision-making. If a perceived conflict of interest arises. the Board (or one of its Executive Committees if appropriate) will manage the matter as appropriate. 
At a subsidiary level, appointments to the boards of operating subsidiary companies are reviewed and aligned with membership of the Group's Executive Committees and our business unit and functional leadership structure. Business Unit Leaders are at the heart of operations. enabling direct engagement with the relevant business unit employees and other stakeholders such as clients. The review of subsidiary board membership was completed in December 2019. 
All directors and Business Unit Leaders receive meeting papers and information through a secure digital portal. which is managed by the Company Secretariat. Board and Committee papers and supporting information are expected to be timely, accurate, clear. comprehensive and up to date. with a clear · indication of what is requested of each recipient. 
PRINCIPLE FOUR OPPORTUNITY AND RISK 
• 
The Board undertakes a continuous assessment of risks affecting the Group and has in place the necessary oversight for the identification and mitigation of risk. 
Following review of the Group's compliance programme, regular reporting to the Board across a range of compliance requirements and risks has been formalised through a refreshed Group and Hub Compliance Committee structure. The aim is to build on that momentum over the next year to review and identify where there may be further opportunities to strengthen the dialogue between the Board and the Group's Executive teams responsible for management of risk. 
Launched in September 2017, the iGMS (integrated Group Management System) contains Laing O'Rourke's enterprisewide management system, knowledge and information. This is the repository for all processes. procedures. technical information, general information, guidance, templates. checklists and learning, which enables people to be organised for success and provides guidance on how they should go to work. 
Part of the Group's long-term strategy is to have simple and seamless structures. processes. systems and tools to enable smarter working. Through the Transformation Agenda, the Group is placing greater focus on resilience and certainty in order to deliver against promises encompassing quality, cost and time. To achieve this, it is necessary to embed a behaviour of delivering what has been promised and complying with core business processes. 
This year saw the commencement of a Group-wide effort to align processes and procedures to harness best practice. achieve consistency in the way all in the business go to work and to drive continuous improvement. This will ensure that all content within the iGMS is up to date and an accurate reflection of the support for people on all projects. regardless of location. 
PROJECT DELEGATION OF AUTHORITY: Strong project governance is fundamental to the objectives of resilience and certainty. The Project Delegation of Authority details the authorisation required for key project-related decisions. including all project Gateways, project-related contracts and key supply chain approvals. 
During 2019, the Project Delegation of Authority was refreshed in order to ensure an entirely risk based approach for decisionmaking. This not only streamlines authorisations by clarifying accountabilities. but also gives stakeholders greater visibility and empowers greater delegation to business units and projects. The aim is to maintain absolute alignment, whilst reserving the riskiest decisions to the level of Group and Europe Hub Executive Committees. 
PROJECT GATEWAYS: Laing O'Rourke relies on a governance framework to manage risk. provide control and maintain an enduring sustainable enterprise. Formal governance Gateways, coupled with the Project Delegation of Authority, are in place to provide core controls. There are ten project Gateways, spanning from opportunity identification through to final handover. All Gateways must be authorised in accordance with the Project Delegation of Authority. The Governance Committees are working on improvements to the Gateways, ensuring that they are streamlined. standardised and integrated in day-to-day activities so that governance becomes an integral part of how each person goes to work.


BID SETTLEMENT MEETINGS: Bid settlement meetings ensure that the right people are together at the right time to discuss and reach alignment on all bids, ensuring that the offers made to clients are risk balanced and robust. 
DIGITAL 'Digital', through the development of new tools and data, allows unprecedented access to information and insight across the entire portfolio of projects at all stages of development. This can provide clear transparency on opportunities to bring the Group's considerable resources to bear where they are most needed and to identify potential problems in their infancy, thereby minimising risk. The Digital Briefcase technology, for example, draws daily data on design progress plus labour, plant and materials cost and utilisation from each project to facilitate transparency, and to assist with management against programmes, budgets and targets. Similarly, digital technology is employed within a clear and consistent data strategy to drive and enable full commitment to modem methods of construction. 
PRINCIPLE FIVE REMUNERATION 
• 
During the year the Nomination and Governance Committee held its first meeting, chaired by an Independent NonExecutive Director. The Committee has clearly defined terms of · reference and its main function is to make recommendations to the Board considering the Group's remuneration structure and to align remuneration to the long-term sustainable success of the Group. The Director's remuneration is disclosed in note 5 to the financial statements. 
SUBSIDIARY COMPANIES Remuneration of directors of our subsidiary companies is based on their particular management role and responsibilities, rather than their appointment as a director of a specific legal entity. Accordingly, remuneration of these directors is reviewed and set by the Group Chief Executive or Hub Managing Director on behalf of their employing subsidiary, taking into account any relevant input from the Nomination and Governance Committee. 
GENDER PAY REPORTING The ability to attract and retain people to the business is of critical importance and is therefore included in the strategic objectives led by the Group Inclusion Steering Committee. The Group has reported on its gender pay annually since 2017 and in May 2020 the Group published the Gender Pay Report for the financial year. This Report can be found on the Group's website. It is clear that the Gender Pay Gap is largely driven by a lack of female representation in senior management positions. The Group works hard through the talent programmes to increase the number of women entering and developing their careers within the construction industry. The Group is confident that the recruitment schemes, pay governance and salary review processes that are in place ensure equal pay for the same role. The engineering and construction sector provides an exciting and rewarding profession and Laing O'Rourke leads the way with investment in DfMA 70:60:30 (Design for Manufacture and Assembly), where 70% of construction is taken offsite, driving a 60% improvement in onsite productivity and a 30% 
improvement in schedule together with other modern methods of delivery. Innovation such as DfMA will help build an industry that is attractive, welcoming and fair for the next generation of women and men. 
The Group seeks to set fair and reasonable policies for remuneration both at senior level and in the broader operating context. One responsibility of the Nomination and Governance Committee is the task of attracting, retaining and motivating executive management of the quality required to run the Group successfully. In practice, commercial headwinds facing the Group (and the industry generally) over the last three years have constrained the ability to review remuneration levels. In the financial year 2019 /20, no general pay award has been made in the UK. 
• 
PRINCIPLE SIX STAKEHOLDER RELATIONSHIPS AND ENGAGEMENT 
The Board collectively - and its directors individually - are clear that relationships with stakeholders are an essential part of the foundation of the business. Effective and meaningful engagement with stakeholders requires regular dialogue. An understanding of stakeholder groups and their interests enables the business to take account of their needs and concerns. allowing for the creation of value for all. 
CLIENTS From 2020 a dedicated director-led Clients and Markets function has been created, taking the lead in defining the addressable market, as well as shaping a long-term, sustainable pipeline of work across priority sectors, supported by technical excellence and R&D initiatives. The function operates across both the Europe and Australian Hubs in order to ensure consistency of approach. Client engagement is central to Laing O'Rourke's operating model - beginning with the development of partnering strategies and continuing throughout the delivery of projects. Early engagement with clients in particular is critical to gaining insight and understanding of their priorities, expectations and ambitions for their business. 
Client engagement takes place prior to any formal decisionmaking processes and will assess whether or not to pursue · opportunities within the market, competitive or otherwise. The aim is to work with clients who share Laing O'Rourke's values around innovation and excellence and whose businesses will benefit from the Group's in-house capabilities. Building relationships helps to provide potential clients with the best value for money - including cost and programme certainty, process efficiency, and guaranteed quality. 
Laing O'Rourke's engagement portfolio includes project and factory tours, thought leadership activities and industry memberships, all of which support interaction with clients, and the broader market. This diverse approach provides opportunities for collaboration, learning, as well as a platform to demonstrate capability and offering. 
Underpinning this approach is the Group's commitment to continuous improvement through consistent project level feedback across the project portfolio. Routine, formal engagement with cfients facifitates flstening and learning across all functions from award through to completion of a project.


Client satisfaction data is collected from clients for all key projects. Interviewers dealing with this process have no operational accountability and clients are requested to rank the Group's performance against each key business area. 
Laing O'Rourke has a long-established commitment to innovation, recognising that this is key both to future proofing the business and to optimising how the business currently goes to work. The industry is rapidly changing, with the increasing impact of technology and demand for skilled workers, plus new market entrants and productivity demands. 
To reflect this, Laing O'Rourke has a structured innovation framework founded on targeted research and development designed to generate new knowledge, coupled with a rigorous process to deliver the commercial value of this knowledge. The Group's R&D and Innovation programme has been supported through academic partnerships with Cambridge University and Imperial College of Science & Technology. 
WORKFORCE The Group continues to provide employees with relevant information and to seek their views on matters of common concern through their representatives and through line managers. Priority is given to ensuring that employees are aware of significant matters affecting the Group's trading position and of any significant organisational changes. Policies and practices are aligned with the Group's purpose and values, in particular the Code of Conduct. The Code is designed to empower employees, clients, suppliers and other stakeholders to voice any concerns, either directly or through an anonymous whistleblowing hotline. The employee is diverse and spread across different time zones. The exchange of views with leadership and across intercontinental Hubs is enabled through employee surveys, leadership briefings, the intranet, Yammer, team away days, and the Project Leaders Conference. Directors also visit project sites on a regular basis. This engagement has assisted in the creation of value for the workforce in a variety of ways, including a flexible menu of benefit options, availability of Mental Health Champions, initiatives driven by the Diversity & Inclusion Committee, the Energy Project (which focuses on workforce welfare) and CPD training. The Group is proud to be represented, and to have improved its position, on the Stonewall Index. 
SUPPLIERS October 2019 saw Laing O'Rourke bring together more than 130 UK suppliers at a conference to share the 'Deliver 2025' Mission. This was reinforced by an article published in issue 2 of 2019's lnfoworks which highlighted the importance of strategic p·artnerships. 
On 21 November 2019, a press release was issued announcing the reinstatement of the business to the Prompt Payment Code. This statement was further strengthened by transparent communication of our Prompt Payment Action Plan which inspired Philip King, CEO of the Prompt Payment Code, to post a biog highlighting how the Company's processes have been transformed to improve payment practices. 
Strategic partnerships with key suppliers are further supported through carefully planned and co-owned communications. These highlight how partnerships bring benefits to the delivery of projects and drive innovation throughout the industry. 
COMMUNITY & SUSTAINABILITY Laing O'Rourke has completed the first full year in which social sustainability work across the UK has been guided by the Group's Social Sustainability Delivery Framework (SSDF). Divided into five themes, the SSDF provides a template for the delivery of work in this important area, with different facets emphasised according to project, client and other stakeholder imperatives. By using the SSDF and the toolkit that it contains the teams can provide a consistency of approach, whilst having access to examples of industry-leading best practice. In the year, by way of example, our innovative social sustainability programmes have: - Placed 449 local people into new jobs on our projects; - Organised 595 school and college activities, engaging with 15,000 students; 
- Sourced and facilitated 1,241 Work Experience placements; - Supported the delivery of almost 500 Apprenticeships; - Undertaken 56 Community Investment Activities; - Made Community Investments totalling £150,046; - Supported LOR teams with fundraising of £57,500; - Facilitated 1,601 volunteering days. ENVIRONMENT The LOR Corporation Board has access to reports on environmental performance, including current challenges and opportunities. The LOR Corporation Board has supported the development and external certification to ISO50001 of the Energy Management System, underpinned by a target to reduce energy consumption by 27% by 2023 from the 2016-17 energy baseline. This will help accelerate the reduction of direct energy consumption and carbon emissions. The year 2018-19 saw a 50% reduction in carbon emissions by reference to the Group's originol 2010 baseline. The Group's annual carbon footprint continues to be certified to the CEMARS standard. 
There is continued focus upon embedding low carbon and environmental capability into the solutions offered to clients. By way of example, in Autumn 2019, the D-Frame pre-cast structural solution won the UK Construction Week 'Product Innovation Award' and the London Construction Awards 'Product Innovation of the Year' because of its practicability, carbon reduction and potential for deconstruction and re-use. 
The Group is involved as partner in a study into how Net Zero Carbon might have been achieved on a completed project in Manchester, the aim being to provide joint learning for the Net Zero Carbon agenda. In addition, the Group continues to pursue a range of innovations to reduce the carbon emissions of concrete solutions, including collaboration on concrete mix innovations. The Group's pre-cast products hove been recertified to BES6001 standard for responsible sourcing. 
Laing O'Rourke remain an active member of the Supply Chain Sustainability School, the UK Green Building Council, and the Considerate Constructors Scheme, working with industry partners to improve the environmental sustainability of the industry. There is continued management of environmental risks through implementation of the ISO 14001-certified Environmental Management System.


For the upcoming financial year, the Board has set an internal challenge to develop further the approach to environmental sustainability, looking beyond compliance and focusing on delivering wider sustainability benefits that have resilience and depth. The ambition is to develop and implement a bold strategy that will take into consideration wider environmental impacts; focusing on not only the Company's operations but also addressing wider supply chain impacts and those engineered through the full building lifecycle. To that effect better measurement tools are being developed that will permit measurement of embodied carbon footprint on projects and, eventually, will set stretching targets in order to advance the decarbonisation of the industry. Efforts to drive efficiency in the use of natural resources and minimise the amount of waste generated are a continuous focus. Offsite manufacturing is assisting with the delivery of these benefits. By way of example, the delivery of Liverpool Street Crossrail station as an offsite manufacturing solution generated savings of 30% in embodied carbon emissions and seven tonnes of wood waste compared to a similar in-situ project. 
LOCAL AND CENTRAL GOVERNMENT Laing O'Rourke co-ordinates political engagement activities with relevant Government and Local Authority departments in order to support work winning efforts, to establish the Company as a trusted advisor and where necessary to provoke meaningful dialogue on issues impacting the sector. 
During the year, these activities have included: - Submitting evidence to the Infrastructure and Projects Authority dnd HM Treasury consultation on proposals to A New Approach to Building. 
- Welcoming Lord Agnew to the Company's Centre of Excellence for Modern Construction, (formerly EIP) to discuss the potential of offsite construction in the delivery of schools. 
- Welcoming Construction Minister, Andrew Stephenson to the Centre of Excellence for Modem Construction to discuss the sector and the drive for innovation. 
- Submitting evidence to BEIS' consultation on Regulated Asset Base Model for Nuclear. 
- Participating in Esther McVey MP's visit to the Advanced Manufacturing Research Centre at the University of Sheffield. The visit allowed Laing O'Rourke to explain how the Company's research work might feed into delivering innovative, modular housing. 
- Welcoming Nick Chism, Chief Business Adviser at BEIS to the Centre of Excellence for Modem Construction to highlight offsite capability. 
- Ongoing input to the Construction Leadership Council with active participation in the Platform - DfMA discussions. 
- Input to the Institution of Civil Engineering's Public Affairs group. 
- Participation in the High-Speed Rail Group. - Engagement with Innovate UK regarding Research & Development and the Construction Sector Deal. 
- Ongoing engagement with the administrator of the Prompt Payment Code. 
RETURNER COMPANY SECRETARY 
- Hosting visits at a local level from regional figures and local authorities. 
FINANCIAL STAKEHOLDERS In February 2019 the UK business completed a refinancing of its primary UK credit facilities, securing - in challenging market conditions - the continued commitment of its key financial stakeholder group until December 2021. The Group operates strict controls over working capital and cash management, engaging proactively on these controls with financial stakeholders. A regular and transparent reporting dialogue is maintained with financial stakeholders, including monthly lender syndicate calls and touch points, general business updates and reporting against agreed financial performance metrics. All financial stakeholders have direct access at all times to the Chief Financial Officer appointed to the Board who attends meetings of the Executive Committees, ensuring that the directors are kept regularly informed of developments in financial stakeholder relationships. Please refer to pages 14 to 16 of the Directors' Report relating to going concern.
