CORPORATE GOVERNANCE FRAMEWORK 
The structure of our Corporate Governance Statement follows that of the Wates Principles. We have applied each of the Wates Principles by considering each principle individually and in context with Laing O'Rourke's operations. 
PRINCIPLE ONE PURPOSE AND LEADERSHIP 
As an engineering and construction company, Laing O'Rourke is committed to playing a vital role in building stronger and more sustainable communities and contributing to economic growth. Laing O'Rourke is committed to the development of a culture based on what is described as Excellence Plus performance. 
At the heart of our business is our mission to become the recognised leader for innovation and excellence in the construction industry. We pride ourselves on having a straightforward mission and strategy. Based on the values of the founding shareholders. these aims are clear, powerful. and relevant to the business challenges of today and tomorrow. Together they form a compelling guide to our goals and how we will achieve them. 
Our Deliver 2025 mission is driven by innovation. with technical excellence in design. manufacturing and construction at its core. Engineering excellence, coupled with pro-active adoption of new technologies and a progressive people agenda that develops our talent. attracts the very best external people to the company and improves our people's safety and overall wellbeing. Building on the current momentum in the business. this focus will allow us to create new and sustainable competitive advantage in the demanding markets in which we operate. 
The Laing O'Rourke mission is underpinned by three guiding principles and supported by five conditions that drive us toward our end goal. 
Our guiding principles Absolute alignment We work as one team by knowing and understanding our people and their talents to deliver for our customers. 
Complete thinking We look at projects in their entirety to ensure we bring together all the parts at the right time and in the right way for the customer and the business. 
Sophisticated simplicity We aim to make our complex world feel simple. useable and inspiring. 
The Board appreciates the importance of engagement and dialogue with the workforce and wider stakeholders. If we are to transform the industry. we must communicate our strategy, decisions. processes and culture to the workforce through the annual leadership conference. roadshows. breakfast briefings, our internal social network Yammer and our intranet. Members of our Group Executive Committee have made visits to projects throughout the UK and Australia explaining the vision for our transformation agenda to our people. Further details about the Board's engagement with our workforce and other stakeholders. and how the Board considers the interests of our stakeholders can be found in ours 1 72 Statement as part of the Strategic Report on page 2 and in our Stakeholder Relationships and Engagement section on page 9. 
The Board sets and leads behaviours and culture to support the delivery of our strategy. In June 2019. the Board approved our revised Code of Conduct, which sets out behaviours acceptable to Laing O'Rourke. The Code of Conduct defines Laing O'Rourke's commitment to operating globally in accordance with our ethical standards and the behaviours we expect from our employees. supply chain partners and other stakeholders with whom we do business. At Laing O'Rourke we want to go further than minimal compliance. Our Code of Conduct is therefore named "Doing the Right Thing". A copy can be found on our website.


PRINCIPLE TWO LOR CORPORATION BOARD COMPOSITION 
As a large private company, Laing O'Rourke has voluntarily elected to appoint a number of Independent NonExecutive Directors to the LOR Corporation Board. They bring experience from different perspectives and challenge from outside the sectors in which Laing O'Rourke operates. 
The Board is led by Sir John Parker, Independent Non-Executive Director, as Chairman of the Group. The Board further comprises the Chief Executive Officer, Deputy Chairman, Chief Finance Officer, two further Independent Non-Executive Directors and the Group Company Secretary. 
We believe that the size and composition of our Board is appropriate for the size and complexity of our business, whilst bringing the necessary skills and experience to fulfil the responsibilities of Directors of Laing O'Rourke. 
The Board operates through a number of executive committees. The Audit Committee, the Health, Safety and Environment Committee and the Nomination and Governance Committee are chaired by Non-Executive Directors. This brings independent challenge and influence across the broad range of issues considered by such committees. 
Directors on the Board have equal voting rights when making decisions. The specific modus operandi of the Board is set out in the company's Articles of Association, a copy of which can be requested from the Jersey Financial Services Commission or our Group Company Secretary. All directors have equal access to the Group Company Secretary and may take professional advice if desired at the company's expense, as is common practice. 
We believe that the Board has the right skills, experience and challenge to discharge its duties effectively. The Board calendar includes regular visits to major projects and directors are free to request such information as they may wish on any aspect of the Group's operations. Formal training for directors has been introduced and the Group has a clear commitment to professional development. The Chairman undertakes a programme of discussion and evaluation with each member of the Board outside the forum of formal meetings. 
This evaluation includes a focus upon succession, which is under regular review both at Board and operational level and is of particular relevance to the current drive for transformation over the next three years. The Group has implemented an Executive Development Programme across both the Europe and Australia Hubs, with specialist coaching designed to identify and address development goals. 
The Board acknowledges a relative lack of diversity on the Board which is a common challenge across the engineering and construction sectors. During 2019, the Board approved a new Diversity & Inclusion statement across the Group. Laing O'Rourke continues its aspiration to increase diversity across its business but also in these sectors as a whole, for example through its apprenticeship schemes and leadership development programmes. 
PRINCIPLE THREE DIRECTOR RESPONSIBILITIES In the summer of 2019 the Board reviewed, revised and approved the Group Governance Framework. The framework sets out the responsibilities, accountability and obligations of the roles of Board members, the collective Board and its executive committees. The framework provides a clear understanding of roles and responsibilities, linking into policies and procedures and delegations of authority, supporting effective decisionmaking and independent challenge which, in turn, delivers long-term value to the Group and its stakeholders. 
The Board delegates its authority for the day-to-day management of the Group to the Group Executive Committee. The Europe Hub Executive Committee report directly into the Group Executive Committee. The Board further delegates detailed and specific matters to other committees (some of which are chaired by independent Non-Executive Directors), whose role it is to look in detail at a subject matter and to recommend a course of action to the Board. 
The Non-Executive Directors are wholly independent in that they have no material business or relationships with the Group which might influence their independence, judgement or decisions. 
Directors are aware of their statutory and ethical duties in relation to potential conflicts of interests which may compromise objective decision-making. If a conflict of interest is present, the Board (or one of its executive committees if appropriate) manages such matters on a case by case basis.

At a subsidiary level, appointments on the boards of our operating subsidiary companies have been reviewed and aligned more closely with the Group's executive committees and our business unit and functional leadership structure. Our Business Unit Leaders are the heart of our operations, enabling direct engagement with the relevant business unit workforce and other stakeholders such as our clients. We completed this review in December 2019. 
All our directors and Business Unit Leaders receive meeting papers and information through a secure digital portal, which is managed by the Company Secretariat. Board and committee papers and supporting information are expected to be accurate, clear, comprehensive and up to date, to contain a summary of the contents of any paper, to inform the recipients of what is requested of them on each issue and to be issued in good time. 
The directors of Laing O'Rourke Services Limited are members of the European and/or Group Executive Committee and their responsibilities are to the Group as a whole, and to ensure that Laing O'Rourke Services Limited satisfies its statutory obligations. 
PRINCIPLE FOUR OPPORTUNITY AND RISK 
The Board continuously assesses and monitors risks affecting the Group, promoting the long-term sustainable success of the company by identifying opportunities to create and preserve value, and establishing oversight for the identification and mitigation of risk. Given the nature of the role of Laing O'Rourke Services Limited as a Group service company, its opportunities and risks are inextricably linked with those of the Group. 
Following review of our compliance programme, we have formalised regular reporting to the Board across a range of compliance areas and risks through our refreshed Group and Hub Compliance Committee structure. We will be building on that momentum over the next year to review and identify where there may be further opportunities to strengthen the interactions between the Group's executive teams who manage risk and the Board. 
iGMS: 
Launched in September 2017, the iGMS (integrated Group Management System) contains Laing O'Rourke's enterprise-wide management system, knowledge and information. This is the repository for all processes, procedures, technical information, general information, guidance, templates, checklists and learning, which enables our people to be organised for success and provides guidance on how we want them to go to work. 
Part of our long term strategy as a business is to have simple and seamless structures, processes, systems and tools to enable smarter working. Through our Transformation Agenda, we are placing greater focus on resilience and certainty in order to deliver against our promises encompassing quality, cost and time. To do this, we are embedding a behaviour of delivering what we promise and complying with core business processes to reduce volatility in performance. 
This year, we commenced a Group-wide effort to align our processes and procedures to harness best practice, achieve consistency in the way we go to work and drive continuous improvement. This will ensure that all content within the iGMS is current and accurately reflects how we support our people on our projects, regardless of location. 
Project Delegation of Authority: Strong project governance is fundamental to resilience and certainty at Laing O'Rourke. Our Project Delegation of Authority (Project DoA) details the authorisation required for key project-related decisions, including all project Gateways, project-related contracts and key supply chain approvals. 
During 2019, we refreshed our DoA to ensure an entirely risk based approach for decision-making. The new riskbased Project DoA not only streamlines authorisations by clarifying accountabilities, it also gives stakeholders greater visibility and empowers greater delegation to business units and projects so that we maintain absolute alignment, whilst retaining the riskiest decisions to those at the Group and Europe Hub Executive Committees level. 
Project Gateways: Laing O'Rourke relies on a governance framework to manage risk, provide control and maintain an enduring sustainable enterprise. Formal governance Gateways, coupled with a Project DoA, are in place to provide core controls. There are ten project Gateways, spanning from opportunity identification through to final handover. All Gateways must be authorised in accordance with the Project DoA.
Our Governance Committees are working on improvements to the Gateways, ensuring that they are streamlined, standardised and integrated in our day-to-day activities so that governance becomes an integral part of how each person goes to work. 
Bid Settlement Meetings: Bid settlement meetings ensure that the right people are together at the right time to discuss and reach alignment on our bids, ensuring that the offers we make to our clients are risk balanced and robust. 
Digital 'Digital', through the development of new tools and data, allows us unprecedented access to information and insight across our whole portfolio of projects at all stages of development. This can provide clear transparency on opportunities to direct the vast resources across the group where they are most needed and catch problems in their infancy, minimizing risk. For example, our Digital Briefcase technology draws daily data on design progress and labour, plant and materials cost and utilisation from each of our projects to facilitate transparency, and proactive management against programmes, budgets and targets. Similarly, we employ digital technology within a clear and consistent data strategy to drive and enable our full commitment to modern methods of construction. 
PRINCIPLE FIVE REMUNERATION 
During the year the Nomination and Governance Committee held its first meeting, chaired by an Independent Non-Executive Director. The Committee has clearly defined terms of reference and its main function is to make recommendations to the Board considering the Group's remuneration structure and align remuneration to the long-term sustainable success of the Group. The directors' remuneration is disclosed on page 31. 
Subsidiary companies Remuneration of directors of our subsidiary companies, including Laing O'Rourke Services Limited, is based on their particular management role and responsibilities, rather than their appointment as a director of a specific legal entity. Accordingly, remuneration of these directors is reviewed and set by the Group Chief Executive or Hub Managing Director on behalf of their employing subsidiary, taking into account any relevant input from the Nomination and Governance Committee. 
GenderPayReport~g Our ability to attract and retain people to work in our business is of critical importance, and is therefore included in our strategic objectives led by our Group Inclusion Steering Committee. 
The Group has reported on its gender pay annually since 2017 and in May 2020 the Group published its gender pay report for the financial year. We know that our Gender Pay Gap is largely driven by a lack of female representation in senior management positions, and we are working hard to increase the number of women entering the industry and developing their careers through our talent programmes. 
We are confident that our recruitment schemes, pay governance and salary review processes ensure equal pay for the same role. 
The engineering and construction sector provides an exciting and rewarding profession and we are leading the way with our investment in DfMA 70:60:30 (Design for Manufacture and Assembly, where 70% of construction is taken offsite, driving a 60% improvement in onsite productivity and a 30% improvement in schedule) and other modern methods of delivery. Such advancements will help build an industry that is attractive, welcoming and fair for the next generation of women and men. Our Gender Pay Report can be obtained from our website. 
The Group seeks to set fair and reasonable policies for remuneration both at senior level and in the broader operating context. A Nomination and Governance Committee was established in 2018 as a Committee of the Board, charged, inter alia, with the task of attracting, retaining and motivating executive management of the quality required to run the Group successfully. In practice, commercial headwinds facing the Group (and the industry generally) over the last three years have constrained the ability to review remuneration levels. In the financial year 2019/20, no general pay award has been made in the UK whether at director or operational level. 
PRINCIPLE SIX STAKEHOLDER RELATIONSHIPS AND ENGAGEMENT The Board collectively - and its directors individually - are clear that relationships with our stakeholders are the foundation of everything we do at Laing O'Rourke. We believe that effective and meaningful engagement with our stakeholders requires effective dialogue. By understanding our stakeholder groups and their interests, we can take account of their needs and concerns, allowing for the creation of value for the Group and its


stakeholders. Clients 
From 2020 a dedicated director-led Clients and Markets function was created, taking the lead in defining our addressable market, as well as shaping a long-term, sustainable pipeline of work across priority sectors, supported by our technical excellence and R&D initiatives. The function operates across our Europe and Australian Hubs ensuring consistency of approach. 
Client engagement is central to Laing O'Rourke's operating model - starting from when we develop our partnering strategies and pursuits, throughout the delivery of our projects. Early engagement with our clients in particular is critical to gaining insight and understanding of client priorities, expectations and ambitions for their business. 
Client engagement takes place prior to any formal decision-making processes, regarding whether or not to pursue opportunities within the market, competitive or otherwise. We seek to work with clients who share our values around innovation and excellence and whose businesses will benefit from our in-house capabilities. Building relationships helps us to provide potential clients with the best value for money - including cost and programme certainty, process efficiency, and guaranteed quality. 
Laing O'Rourke's engagement portfolio includes project and factory tours, thought leadership activities and industry memberships, which all support interaction with our clients, and the market more broadly. This diverse approach provides opportunities for collaboration, learning, as well as a platform to demonstrate our capability and offering. 
Underpinning this approach is our commitment to continuous improvement through consistent project level feedback across our delivery portfolio. Routine, formal engagement with our clients facilitates ongoing listening and learning across all functions from award through to completion of a project. 
Client satisfaction data is collected from clients across all key projects. Interviewers delivering this process have no operational accountability and ask clients to rank our performance against each key business area. 
Laing O'Rourke has a long established commitment to innovation, recognising that innovation is key to both future proofing our business as well as optimising how we go to work today. Our industry is rapidly changing, through increased rates of technology adoption and demand for skilled workers, to new market entrants, technologies and productivity demands. 
To reflect this Laing O'Rourke has a structured innovation framework founded on targeted research and development to generate new knowledge, coupled with a rigorous process to commercialise this knowledge to deliver value. The R&D and Innovation programme has been supported through our academic partnerships with Cambridge University and Imperial College of Science & Technology, London in the UK, and with the University of Sydney in Australia. 
Workforce The Group continues to provide employees with relevant information and to seek their views on matters of common concern through their representatives and through line managers. Priority is given to ensuring that employees are aware of significant matters affecting the Group's trading position and of any significant organisational changes. 
Our policies and practices are aligned with the Group's purpose and values, in particular our Code of Conduct which was revised and relaunched during the year. Through our vision of "Doing the Right Thing", we empower our workforce, clients, suppliers and other stakeholders to speak up if they have any concerns, directly or through our anonymous whistleblowing hotline. 
Our workforce is diverse and across different time zones. We enable exchange of views with leadership, as well as across our intercontinental hubs through employee surveys, Town Halls, Breakfast Briefings, Roadshows, our Intranet, Yammer (our internal social media site), Away Days, Human Capital Broadcasts and the Project Leaders Conference. Directors also visit project sites, as a Board or individually, on a regular basis. 
Through our engagement, we have been able to create value for our workforce in a variety of ways, including a flexible menu of benefit options, availability of Mental Health Champions, initiatives driven by the Diversity & Inclusion Committee, the Energy Project (which focuses on our workforce welfare) and CPD training. We are proud to be represented - and have improved our position - on the Stonewall Index.


Suppliers 
October 2019 sow Laing O'Rourke bring together more than 130 of its closest suppliers ot o conference to shore our 'Deliver 2025' Mission. We complemented this targeted day through an article published in issue 2 of 2019's lnfoworks which highlighted the importance of strategic partnerships. 
On 21 November 2019, we issued o press release communicating our reinstatement to the Prompt Payment Code. This statement was further strengthened through the transparent communication of our Prompt Payment Action Pion and inspired Philip King, CEO of the Prompt Payment Code to post o biog highlighting how our processes hove been transformed to improve payment practices. 
Our strategic partnerships with key suppliers are further supported through carefully planned co-owned communication. Together we highlight how our partnerships benefit delivery of our projects and drive innovation throughout the industry. 
Community Laing O'Rourke has completed its first full yeorwhere our social sustainability work across the UK has been guided by the Laing O'Rourke Socio I Sustainability Delivery Framework (SSDF). Divided into five themes, the SSDF provides o template for the delivery of our work in this important area, with different facets emphasised according to project, client and other stakeholder imperatives. By using the SSDF the teams con provide o consistency of approach via the toolkit it contains, whilst having access to examples of industry-leading best practice. 
In the year, by way of example, our innovative social sustainability programmes hove: • 
Placed 449 local people into new jobs on our projects 
• Organised 595 school and college activities, engaging with 15,000 students • Sourced and facilitated 1,241 Work Experience placements • Supported the delivery of almost 500 Apprenticeships • 
Undertaken 56 Community Investment Activities 
• Made Community Investments totalling £150,046 • Supported LOR teams with fundraising of £57,500 • 
Facilitated 1,601 volunteering days 
Environment The LOR Corporation Board has access to reports on environmental performance, including current challenges and opportunities. The LOR Corporation Board hos supported the development and external certification to 1SO50001 of our Energy Management System, underpinned by our target to reduce energy consumption by 27% by 2023 from our 2016-17 energy baseline. This will help accelerate our progress in reducing direct energy consumption and carbon emissions. By 2018-19, we have reduced our carbon emissions from our original 2010 baseline by 50%, and our annual carbon footprint continues to be certified to the CEMARS standard. We continue to embed low carbon and environmental capability into the solutions that we offer our clients. For example, our D-Frame pre-cast structural solution won the UK Construction Week 'Product Innovation Award' and the London Construction Awards 'Product Innovation of the Year' because of its practicability, carbon reduction and potential for deconstruction and re-use. 
We are partners to a study into what would have been required to achieve Net Zero Carbon on one of our completed projects in Manchester, providing joint learning for our Net Zero Carbon agenda. In addition, we ore continuing to pursue a range of innovations to reduce the carbon emissions of our concrete solutions, including collaboration on concrete mix innovations. Our pre-cast products were re-certified to BES6001 standard for responsible sourcing. 
Laing O'Rourke remain active members of the Supply Chain Sustainability School, UK Green Building Council, and the Considerate Constru_ctors Scheme, working with industry partners to improve the environmental sustainability of the industry. We continue to manage environmental risks through implementation of our ISO 14001-certified Environmental Management System. 
For the upcoming financial year, the Boord has set an internal challenge to further develop our approach to environmental sustainability, looking beyond compliance and focusing on delivering wider sustainability benefits that have resilience and depth. Our ambition is to develop and implement a bold strategy that will take into consideration wider environmental impacts; focusing on not only our own operations but also addressing wider supply chain impacts and those engineered through the full building lifecycle.



To that effect we are developing better measurement tools that will allow us to measure the embodied carbon footprint of our projects and, eventually, set stretching targets in order to propel the decarbonisation of the industry. We also continue our efforts to drive efficiency in the use of natural resources and minimise the amount of waste we generate. 
· 
Offsite manufacturing is helping us to deliver these benefits. As an example, by delivering Liverpool Street Crossrail station as an offsite manufacturing solution we were able to generate savings of 30% in embodied carbon emissions and 7 tonnes of wood waste versus a similar in-situ project. 
Local and Central Government Laing O'Rourke co-ordinates political engagement activities with relevant Government and Local Authority departments in order to support our work winning efforts, establish us as a trusted advisor and where necessary to provoke meaningful dialogue on issues impacting the sector. 
During the year, these activities have included: • 
Submitting evidence to the Infrastructure and Projects Authority and HM Treasury consultation on proposals to A New Approach to Building. 
• Welcoming Lord Agnew to EIP to discuss the potential of offsite construction in the delivery of schools. • Welcoming Construction Minister, Andrew Stephenson to EIP to discuss the sector and the drive for innovation. 
• • 
Submitting evidence to BEIS' consultation on a Regulated Asset Base Model for Nuclear 
Participating in Esther McVey MP's visit to the Advanced Manufacturing Research Centre at the University of Sheffield. The visit allowed Laing O'Rourke to discuss how our research work might feed into delivering innovative, modular housing. 
• Welcoming Nick Chism, Chief Business Adviser at BEIS to EIP to highlight our offsite capability. • Ongoing input to the Construction Leadership Council with active participation in the Platform-DfMA discussions. 
• • 
Input to the Institution of Civil Engineering's Public Affairs group. Participation in the High Speed Rail Group. 
• Engagement with Innovate UK regarding Research & Development and the Construction Sector Deal. • Ongoing engagement with the administrator of the Prompt Payment Code. • 
At a local level, our senior leaders and projects host visits from regional figures and local authorities. 
Financial Stakeholders The Group finances its three main operating territories - the Australia, the UAE and the UK - independently of each other. 
In February 2019 our UK business completed a refinancing of its primary UK credit facilities, securing - in challenging market conditions - the continued commitment of its key financial stakeholder group until December 2021. 
The Group operates strict controls over working capital and cash management, engaging proactively on these controls with its financial stakeholders. We maintain a regular and transparent reporting dialogue with our financial stakeholders, which include monthly lender syndicate calls and touch points, general business updates and reporting against agreed financial performance metrics. 
All our financial stakeholders have direct access at all times to our Chief Financial Officer, in addition to their other contacts within our business. The Chief Financial Officer is appointed to the Board and attends meetings of our Executive Committees, ensuring that the directors are kept regularly informed of developments in our financial stakeholder relationships. We also invite questions and feedback from our financial stakeholder groups, which provides confidence to both the Board and our financial stakeholders that our engagement with them is effective, relevant and proactive.
