Corporate Governance Report 
The Company has prepared this report for Its financial year ended 31 December 2019 in compliance with its obligations as a large private company under The Companies (Miscellaneous Reporting) Regulations 2018. 
In 2019 the Company elected to enhance the robustness of its corporate governance systems by adopting the Wates Corporate Governance Principles for Large Private Companies (published by the Financial Reporting Council in December 2018), which it recognised as a "best practice" framework around which to further develop the Company's corporate governance. 
Below we, the Board of Directors, set out how the Wates Principles have been applied for the Company's financial year. Principle 1 - Purpose and Leadership 
The Company is the UK operating company of the Leonardo Group, a global aerospace, defence and technology business, of which the ultimate parent is Leonardo S.p.a., an Italian registered company listed on the Milan Stock Exchange. The Company is primarily engaged in the electronics defence systems and helicopters business domains, as well as providing high integrity surveillance networks to provide management information for security and mission essential services. It has a commitment to create value for all its stakeholders through a path of long-term sustainable growth, investing in the continuous improvement of its key competencies, products, technologies and workforce. 
In pursuit of its mission, throughout 2019 the Company continued lo build on the Leonardo Group's guiding framework of "One Company, One Voice". Our 'Charter of Values' defines Leonardo's way of doing business, setting out the principles that guide the Company's strategy and daily activities of all those who work and collaborate with the Company and the Leonardo Group as a whole. These are: 
• • • • • 
Ethics & Respect Expertise & Merit 
Innovation & Excellence 
Internationality & Multiculturalism Rights & Sustainability 
A copy of our 'Charter of Values' is available on our website (https:/lwww.leonardocompany.com/documents/20142/115137/Carta dei Valori+ENG.pdf?\=1551772599336). 
Leadership conferences were held, on behalf of the Board, across its UK sites to communicate to its workforce the business's strategic direction aligned with the Leonardo Group's long-term goals for sustainability, growth, diversification and investment in the aerospace, defence and technology industry. Stakeholders also benefit from Board members' periodic press and media coverage (including social media) with Interviews and articles on the Company's innovation, technical excellence and sustainability plans. Into 2020, the Board will be exploring new ways of engaging with its stakeholders. It builds on the Board's existing commitment to good governance and social responsibility. 
The Company's business is substantially executed through its two primary divisions, Electronics and Helicopters, each led by a Company Board member. Other Board members are drawn from the primary corporate functions of finance, legal and compliance, and human resources, each of whom are required to show leadership and provide strategy to the Company. 
In 2019 the Board created a "Management Committee" consisting of senior management from across the business to whom it delegates oversight of operational performance. This Committee, which is chaired by the Managing Director of the Company, provides an appropriate degree of oversight and strategic direction to the UK business. 
In addition, the Board took steps to approve its "Delegations Protocol" (subsequently approved in January 2020). This Protocol sets out the delegation of authority flowing from the Board of Directors to its governance committees and to specific divisional or functional leads - effectively providing clarity over authority levels and increasing efficiency within the organisation in UK by empowering senior management.


Principle 2 - Board Composition Details of The Board are shown in the Directors' Report. 
The Board's size and its composition is deemed appropriate for the scale and complexity of the business and has the right balance of skills, knowledge and experience to govern the Company effectively. 
All Board directors are employed by either the Company or its parent, Leonardo Spa. The Company benefits from the presence of independent, non-executive directors on its parent's board of directors. 
The directors have equal voting rights when making decisions. The Chairman has the casting vote where the number of votes for and against a proposal at a meeting is equal. All directors have access to the advice and services of the Company Secretary and may, if they wish, take professional advice at the Company's expense. 
The duties of the Board are executed partially through formally appointed committees (as noted below on this page). 
The Board members update their skills, knowledge and familiarity with the Company through the committee structure, receiving periodic reports and assurances on matters mandated to each of the committees. Each executive director has specialist knowledge within their division or function, kepi updated alongside their individual continuous professional development. Additionally, each executive director keeps the Board lnfom,ed of their respective divisional activities. 
Principle 3 - Directors' Responsibilities Accountability 
Good governance supports open and fair business, ensures that the Company has the right safeguards in place and makes certain that every decision ii takes is underpinned by being fully informed. Whilst Board oversight is always maintained, where appropriate, some key decision-making authority has been delegated to committees and to individuals in roles with the most appropriate knowledge and industry experience. Each Board member has a clear understanding of their accountability and responsibilities. The Board has a programme of five scheduled meetings every year with standing items, plus additional meetings as required to attend to all matters reserved to the Board pursuant to group governance systems. 
Committees 
In 2019 the Board formally constituted four separate Committees (listed below) to assist with executing their responsibilities for the operation of good governance and efficacy in the Company. Each Committee's Terms of Reference was approved to undertake the following delegated matters: 
Management Committee: To provide oversight of the business's performance and delivery. 
Assurance and Internal Controls Committee: To fulfil the Board's risk management responsibilities, primarily through the review and evaluation of the adequacy of the Company's compliance with applicable legislation, regulations and group governance. 
Ethics and Social Responsibility Committee: To reaffirm and define its commitment to operating ethically in all the territories within which it does business and operates. 
Data and Information Management Committee: To maintain and create a suitable operational framework for the lawful and commercially appropriate creation, management, protection, retention, archiving and destruction of documents, data and information (including oversight of data privacy matters delegated to its sub-committee the Data Protection Management Team).

The Committees are each chaired by a senior managers and are attended by at least one statutory officer of the Company to ensure commitment, engagement and sponsorship al the top level of management. The Committee structure and membership are designed to encourage constructive problem-solving that benefits the long-term sustainment of the Company. 
Each Committee can use its delegated authority as appropriate to fulfil its terms of reference, which may include the creation of sub-committees, steering groups or working groups reporting to it. Each Committee is accountable to the Board for the work done by these secondary tier governance bodies. 
Integrity of information 
Each Committee Chairperson is required to formally report to the Board on the proceedings of its Committee meetings on a half-yearly basis. Each Committee Chairperson is a member of the Management Committee (which includes divisional and functional executive board members representation). The Management Committee meetings are held at least every 6 weeks, and provide regular and timely information to members of the Board on all key aspects of the business including health and safety, risks and opportunities, the financial performance of the business, strategy, operational matters, market conditions and sustainability. 
Key financial information is collated from the Company's accounting systems. The Company's finance function is appropriately qualified to ensure the integrity of this information and is provided with the necessary training to keep up to date with regulatory changes. Financial Information is currently externally audited by KPMG LLP on an annual basis. Areas of financial risk are also independently audited on an ad hoe basis. Financial controls are reviewed by the Company's internal audit function. 
Other key information is prepared by the relevant internal function. Processes for collecting data, as well as the reporting of that data, is reviewed on a cyclical basis by the Company's internal audit function with quarterly updates and reporting provided to the appropriate Committees. 
Principle 4- Opportunity and Risk The board seeks out opportunity whilst mitigating risk. 
Opportunity Long term stralegic opportunities are reviewed by the Board as a part of the Integrated Business Plans. The Board seeks out opportunities drawn from its business divisions and the Committees to which it delegates. The Board reviews and takes responsibility for approving all major bids and strategic opportunities, executing these through its business divisions as appropriate. 
· 
Short term opportunities to improve performance, resilience and liquidity are collated through the business's divisional review process, overseen by the Management Committee, with represenlations from each division. 
Details of the Company's opportunities are outlined in the Strategic Report (on pages 3 to 5). Risk 
Enterprise risk is managed using the Company's standard risk management process. This is a benchmark process that requires all Divisions to identify risks, described in a formal syntax of cause(s). risk events, and consequence(s). These risks are then analysed using statistical analysis both pre- and post-mitigation to assess the potential impact. A central risk tool supports the process and generates a comprehensive analysis across the whole business. 
The Assurance and Internal Controls Committee has responsibility to assist the Board in ensuring that inherent and emerging risks are identified and managed appropriately and in a timely manner. In 2019 the Committee initiated a process of enhancing its existing risk management framework to ensure consistency across all its Divisional business areas and corporate functions in relation to monitoring risk identification, classification and mitigation. A Compliance Assurance Tracker has been designed to provide detail on the levels of compliance and exposure across the business informing the Company's risk profile and enabling it to mitigate risk. Details of any emerging risks is reported to the Assurance and Internal Controls Committee and considered at each meeting. An assurance report will be made to the Board every six months, on the status of compliance within the business.


Details of the Company's key operational risks and mitigations are outlined In the Strategic Report (on pages 3 to 5). Responsibility 
The Company has a divisional and functional Operating Framework which contains its operating policies, processes and procedures. It is the fundamental platform to the Company's internal control framework which includes Its ISO certifications. 
The Board approves any contract above a certain value, risk level or which may be considered strategic (determined by group governance) or any transactional matters specifically reserved to the Board pursuant to group governance. This ensures that the appropriate level of diligence has been performed in understanding the obligations, risks and terms of contract. This enables the Company to protect the integrity and long-term sustainability of its business, to meet strategic objectives and to create value for its parent company, customers and suppliers. 
Principle 5 - Remuneration 
The Remuneration policy set by the Board aims to ensure that the operating business in the UK retains and attracts high calibre talent to deliver on our commitments to our customers. 
Total remuneration al Leonardo includes fixed and variable pay, classic insured and lifestyle benefits provision that recognises short and long term career choices, together with the contribution the employee gives the business. External markets are regularly reviewed to ensure that the Company's employment proposition remains relevant and competitive when compared with competitors within the industrial sector. Flexibility and choice on how employees engage with pay and benefits is a major part of the remuneration philosophy. 
The Company administers all remuneration policies and programmes consistently, fairly and equitably. Communications with employees is regular and informative providing reasoning as to why particular treatments on pay and benefits are adopted. 
The Company applies equal pay principles in line with the Equality Act 2010. In 2018, the Company published its Gender Pay Gap Report for the second time. II highlighted the specific areas of focus in 2019 with the aim lo ensure its resourcing, career development and rewards policies, practices and procedures are fair and transparent for all employees. 
Principle 6 - Stakeholders 
The Board.recognises the importance of having a close working relationship with all its stakeholders, including its group of companies, customers, employees, suppliers and the local communities in which it works across the UK and abroad. Effective communication and good governance is key to ensure the Company's strategic direction remains aligned wilh the Leonardo Group's long-term goals for sustainability, growth, diversification and investment in the aerospace, defence and technology industry. Three of the six Board members are employees of the parent company, Leonardo Spa, and they together represent a primary communication route between the Board and its sole shareholde1. 
External stakeholders and Impacts 
The Board is committed to the Company doing business in a sustainable manner, with a continued commitment to economic and social development and the protection of human health and the environment. The Charter of Values underpins this ethos for establishing and maintaining trusting relationships with all Its stakeholders.


The Company, and as part of its Group policy and strategy, is focused on contributing to the achievement of four of the seventeen Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs) promoted by the UN2030 Agenda. It also supports the "Ten Principles" of the UN Global Compact, the largest global initiative for sustainable business. It promotes the adoption of behaviours that contribute to the success of the Company and to the well-being of the community through the creation of work opportunities in the UK and other countries where it operates, in its associated supply chains, technological collaborations and the continuous improvement of products and services designed for the protection of nations, their citizens, and the environment. 
Innovation and technical excellence is critical to the Company's sustainability strategy. It allows the Company to respond to customer needs effectively. It also allows investment in SMEs, working with research centres, cooperating with educational institutions, providing positive engagement with external stakeholders, including building trusted relationships with governments and other public bodies. 
The Company, through its Divisions, collects gas emissions data that is submitted annually to its parent company via the Enablon SHE questionnaire which automatically calculates the Company's Scope 1, 2 and 3 emissions for the six main greenhouse gases covered by the Kyoto Protocol, namely: carbon dioxide, methane, nitrox oxide, perfluorocarbons, hydrofluorocarbons and sulphur hexafluoride. 
Currently, the drive to reduce greenhouse emissions is through energy reduction and business travel reduction projects. Into 2020, the Company is looking to develop its "Sustainability Road Map" that lays down the plans to achieve Carbon Neutral status by 2030. 
All our suppliers share and comply with ethical, social and environmental standards, acknowledging and accepting the Company's "Code of Ethics" and "Supplier Code of Conduct" as well as the guidance provided in the organisational and. control models. This is adhered to at-the on-boarding phase and monitored throughout the period of the supply relationship. We have a Procurement web portal which facilitates transparency and traceability of information. 
The Payment Practice and Performance Reporting has highlighted some areas which the Company needs lo improve in its engagement with its stakeholders. 
Employees 
The workforce is at the heart of the Company's existence when doing business in a sustainable manner. The Company has Gold level accreditation until 2021 for both Investors in People and Investors in Young People, demonstrating the Company's commitment to supporting the training and development of its employees through opportunities offered by technology, succession planning and flexible working, and tackling challenges such as ineffectual decision-making, absenteeism and employee disengagement. 
Employees have access lo different communication means that best encourages a culture of listening and dialogue. This is done through face-to-face focus groups, online surveys, on site activities, working with people managers on a 1-21 private setting or in working groups supported by the Human Resources, Occupational Health and/or Diversity & Inclusion teams. 
The Company upholds and promotes human rights in every context in which ii operates, by creating equal opportunities for its people and fair treatment for all - regardless of race, nationality, political creed, religion, gender, age, diverse ability, sexual orientation, personal or social condition - and always respecting the dignity of each individual and each employee; amongst other things the Company promotes the inclusion of minorities, ensures freedom of assembly and abides by the absolute prohibition of illegal labour as set out in our Modern Slavery Statement. If any employee wishes to raise concerns or highlight any potential breaches to the Code of Ethics, they can contact an independent whistleblowing services provider with anonymity and a formal investigation follows, reporting to the Ethics & Social Responsibility Committee. 
· 
The Board is committed to designing policies and developing a working environment that promotes the benefits and wellbeing of all its employees. For detailed information on our company benefits visit our website (www.uk.leonardocompany.com/en/people-careers/life-at-leonardo/company-benefitsl.


As part of our People & Inclusion Strategy, we have maximised engagement with our UK workforce across a range of channels including intranel and social media content, poster/banner campaigns, face lo face with stands al sites as well as providing briefings throughout the year for divisional meetings and activities. In 2019 the Company saw the launch of three network groups: Pride (LGBTQ+), Equalise (gender balance) and Carers. Additionally, steps were taken towards: an increase in female new starters; an increase in our female workforce promoted into more senior roles within the Company; attracting key female talent into the engineering sector through STEM activities in the local communities; introducing mandatory training in Diversity and Inclusion for all employees; actively reviewing our work-life balance solutions to encourage and promote a change in behaviours and culture within the Company; piloting an equality awareness session for team leaders and people managers with a view to extend across all its UK sites. 
The workforce across its UK sites, undertake a variety of fundraising initiatives and have raised tens of thousands of pounds for several charities in recent years and will continue to do so beyond 2019. 
Corporate Governance Report- Committee information Management Committee 
The Management Committee is responsible for the day-lo-day management of the Company's business affairs under the chairmanship of the Managing Director, Norman Bone. 
The Committee has clearly defined terms of reference, which are available from the Company Secretary. These outline the Committee's objectives and responsibilities relating to reviewing the Company's operational and financial performance; providing executive leadership, management and direction; assessing and managing risk in conjunction with the Assurance & Internal Controls Committee; driving compliance, best practice and learning across the Divisions; and defining and nurturing the Company's culture, as a just, ethical diverse and inclusive employer. 
In 2019, the Committee comprised of the Company's Managing Director as Chair; two other Statutory Directors; and eight other members in senior management from across the business. The Board is satisfied that the Committee's members during 2019 followed the principles of good governance in relation to their skills, knowledge and experience. 
Assurance & Internal Controls Committee 
The Company operates an Assurance & Internal Controls Committee to assist the Board fulfil its risk management responsibilities primarily through the review and evaluation of the adequacy of the Company's compliance with applicable legislation, regulalions and group governance. 
In 2019, the Committee was chaired with a membership of eight functional leaders from across the business, including a Statutory Director 
Data & Information Management Committee 
The Data & Information Management Committee's primary objective is to maintain and create a suitable operational framework for the lawful and commercially appropriate creation, management, protection, retention, archiving and destruction of documents, data and information, including compliance with all relevant laws and regulations; having oversight of its Sub-Committee, the Data Protection Management Team ('DPMT'), which provides support to the Committee on Data Protection: being the prevention of an adverse impact on the rights of "Data Subjects" (as defined in the Data Protection Act 2018 and the General Data Protection Regulation (EU) 2016/679) with whom the Company interacts with or has an impact on; and to minimise the risk to the Company of regulatory intervention or sanction by implementing robust policies and procedures for the management of personal data. 
In 2019, the Committee was chaired with a membership of seven functional leaders from across the business, including the Company's Data Protection Officer.


Ethics & Social Responsibility Committee 
The Ethics & Social Responsibility Committee's purpose is to assist the Board in re-affirming and defining its commitment to operating ethically in all the territories within which it operates. 
It has overall responsibility for showing leadership to the Company in: promoting the values of the company, ethical behaviours and standards as well as challenging negative behaviours or activities; the implementation of and conformance with an ethical compliance programme, Including an anti-bribery and corruption management system; promoting a culture which fosters effective stakeholder relationship aligned to the Company's purposes: considering the impact of the Company's operation on its primary stakeholder groups, such as staff and; scoping the Company's approach to stakeholder engagement annually, as well as annually reviewing its activity and reporting to the Board. 
In 2019, the Committee was chaired with a membership of seven functional leaders from across the business, including a Statutory Director.
