Approach to Corporate Governance Approach to Corporate governance 
In accordance with the Large and Medium-sized Companies and Group (Accounts and Reports) Regulations 2008 (as amended by the Companies (Miscellaneous Reporting) Regulations 2018) (the "Regulations"), for the year ended 31 December 2019, the Company has in its corporate governance arrangements applied the Wates Corporate Governance Principles for Large Private Companies (the "Principles"), which are available at frc.org.uk. The following section explains the Company's approach to corporate governance, and its application of the Principles. 
Principle One - Purpose and Leadership 
The board is collectively responsible for the long term success of the Company. It achieves this by agreeing the Company's strategy, within the wider strategy of Lloyds Banking Group pie, and overseeing delivery against it. The Company's strategy is discussed further in the Strategic Report on pages 1 to 4. The board also assumes responsibilities for the management of the culture, values and wider standards of the Company, within the equivalent standards set by the Group within the Lloyds Banking Group pie Annual Report and Accounts for 2019, which does not form part of this report, available on the Lloyds Banking Group pie website. 
Consideration of the needs of all stakeholders is fundamental to the way the Company operates, as is maintaining the highest standards of business conduct, which along with ensuring delivery for customers is a vital part of the corporate culture. The Company's approach is further influenced by the need to build a culture in which everyone feels included, empowered and inspired to do the right thing for customers. To this end, the board plays a role in establishing, promoting and monitoring the Company's corporate culture and values, aligning to the culture and values of the Group, which are discussed in more detail on pages 14 to 35 of the Group annual report and accounts for 2019, which does not form part of this report, available on the Lloyds Banking Group pie website. 
Principle Two - Board Composition 
The Company is led by a board comprising a Chairman and Executive Directors, further details of the directors can be found above. The board considers its composition regularly, and is committed to ensuring ii has the right balance of skills and experience. The board considers that its current size and composition is appropriate to the Company's circumstances. New appointments are made on merit, taking account of the specific skills, experience and knowledge needed to ensure a rounded board and the benefits each candidate can bring to the board overall. There are a range of initiatives within the Group to help provide mentoring and development opportunities for female and BAME executives, and to ensure unbiased career progression opportunities. 
The board undertakes an annual review of its effectiveness, which provides an opportunity to consider ways of identifying greater efficiencies, ways to maximise strengths and highlights areas of further development. The effectiveness review is commissioned by the board, assisted by the Company Secretary. 
Principle Three - Director Responsibilities 
The directors assume ultimate responsibility for the affairs of the Company, and along with senior management are committed to maintaining a robust control framework as the foundation for the delivery of good governance, including the effective management of delegation through related Group processes. Policies are also in place in relation to potential conflicts of interest which may arise. 
The board does not operate any committees. An elected director will chair the board meeting and receive support from the Company Secretary for the provision to each meeting of accurate and timely information. 
Principle Four - Opportunity and Risk 
Strategic opportunities which may arise are considered in the first instance by the board of the Group, as part of the Group board's role in considering such opportunities relevant to itself and its subsidiaries. Any opportunity which is specifically relevant to the Company is subsequently considered by the Company board. 
The board is responsible for the long term sustainable success of the Company, generating value for its shareholder and ensuring a positive contribution to society. Key to this is the Company's culture, purpose, values and strategy, as discussed under Principle One, which are closely aligned to those of the Group. 
Strong risk• management is central to the strategy of the Company, which along with a robust risk control framework acts as the foundation for the delivery of effective risk management. The board agrees the Company's risk appetite, within the wider risk appetite of the Group, and ensures the Company manages risk effectively through delegation within the management hierarchy. Board level engagement, coupled withihe direct involvement of management in risk issues ensures that escalated issues are promptly addressed and remediation plans·are initiated where required. The Company's risk appetite, principles, policies, procedures, controls and reporting are managed in conjunction with those of Group, and as such are regularly reviewed to ensure they remain fully in line with regulations, law, corporate governance and industry best practice. The Company's principle risks are discussed further within note 20.


Principle five - Remuneration 
The Remuneration Committee of the Group assumes responsibility for the approach to remuneration for certain of its subsidiaries, including that of the Company. This includes reviewing and making recommendations to the Group board on remuneration policy, as relevant to the Company and its employees. 
Principle six - Stakeholders 
The Company, as part of the Group, operates under Group's wider Responsible Business approach, which acknowledges that the Company has a responsibility to help address the economic, social and environmental challenges which the UK faces, and as part of this understand the needs of the Company's external stakeholders, including in the development and implementation of strategy. Central to this is Group's Helping Britain Prosper plan, in which the Company participates, which seeks to gather stakeholder views through a dedicated materiality study, as overseen by Group's board level Responsible Business Committee. Further information in respect of Group's Helping Britain Prosper plan is available on the Lloyds Banking Group pie website. 
In 2019, the Responsible Business Committee determined that the Company and the Group continued to demonstrate this responsibility as a key priority, including keeping customers' data safe, supporting vulnerable customers, lending responsibly, supporting businesses and working with suppliers. The approach of the board in respect of its non colleague stakeholders is described in the separate statement made in compliance with the Regulations, on page 3, and approach in respect of colleague engagement is described in the separate statement made in compliance with the Regulations on page 3.
