Corporate Governance 
For the year ended 29 February 2020, under The Companies (Miscellaneous Reporting) Regulations 2018, Lidl Great Britain has applied the Wates Corporate Governance Principles for Large Private Companies. Principle 1 - Purpose and Leadership The Lidl brand was founded in Germany and has grown a great deal to become one of Europe's leading food retailers. The first Lidl Great Britain store opened its doors in 1994 and, twenty-six years later, the Company operates over 810 stores and thirteen regional distribution centres across Great Britain employing over 23,000 people. 
• The Company's purpose is to enhance the lives of its customers, by providing quality products at market leading value, whilst ensuring that customer satisfaction is at the heart of everything it does. 
• The Company's values include; building sustainable relationships with stakeholders, contributing positively to local communities, and achieving long term success by investing in recruitment, training and development of its people are all an integral part of the business strategy. Further details can be found in the section 172 statement pages 4-8. 
• The Board of Directors review and update the Company's strategy annually and communicate this to senior management. Senior management then cascades the strategy, until every colleague is informed. Based on the Company strategy departmental tactics for the year are defined. The Company's strategy is largely focused around our customers and how we can further enhance their shopping experience. Departmental tactics are managed by senior management of the relevant department and core business project updates are reported to the board of directors on a monthly basis. 
• In a weekly meeting senior management discusses and informs of updates to internal procedures, processes and policies. Each week, these changes are summarized in a bulletin, which is then uploaded to the Company's intra net where all colleagues can access it. 
• Several departments within the business are responsible for monitoring compliance with the law, internal guidelines. An internal audit team periodically reviews practices within the business to establish if these are compliant with internal and external guidelines. Results of these audits are being communicated to senior management and the Board. Any internal audit gaps identified are logged and feedback needs to be provided on how the gap has been closed. A second internal audit will to occur in order to ensure the correct processes are being followed. 
• As part of the Company's values, leadership is the foundation of the roles withii:, the business and therefore a core task of management's daily business. The Compa_ny operates as one team. Lidl's aim is to create a positive, cooperative working environment in which the Company supports personal development and mutual learning by treating colleagues with respect and providing them with responsibility, appreciation and job security.


Principle 2 - Board Composition lid I Great Britain's Board consists of seven board directors, six of them responsible for a different area of operations and one serving as Chief Executive Officer, who leads the board of directors as chairman and oversees all operations. There are no independent directors. The board of directors' responsibilities are divided into: Purchasing, HR, Sales/Logistics, Sales/Supply Chain, Administration and Central Services. Collectively, the board considers it has the necessary skills, knowledge, experience and objectivity to deliver the group's strategy, appropriate to its scale and structure. Appointments of board directors are carried out by the international board. The board of directors meet on a weekly basis to review current business updates. Each director has the option to consult the company secretary. The company secretary advises the directors of their legal duties as set out by the Companies Act 2006. The Company also operates several national committees including Tax Compliance Committee and Pension Committee. These committee meetings consist of non-board directors and colleagues of varying roles and levels. Relevant feedback is provided to the board of directors. Principle 3 - Director Responsibility Accountability Each of the directors are responsible for the area that they oversee. This establishes clear lines of accountability and responsibility throughout the business. The directors are held accountable by the international board of directors of lid I Stiftung, who oversee the entire Lidl group. While in the UK major decisions are made at board level, due to the size of the Company, operational decisions are usually made at an operational level. In order to support management and colleagues with the decision-making process, guidelines and safeguards have been implemented and are constantly being reviewed and updated. These ensure that decisions are made to promote the success of the Company, whilst considering stakeholders' interest and legal obligations. All colleagues receive specific internal, as well as external training to fulfil their role and ensure compliance in all relevant areas specific to each colleague. Integrity of information Management informs the board weekly on key aspects of the business. This includes information on market share, turnover, employee data, changes in regulations and financial performance indicators. This data is analysed and presented by the responsible teams within the Company. To ensure accurate financial information, adequately trained and experienced colleagues utilise multiple information systems. The business has strong internal control mechanisms in place. Lidl Great Britain is a process driven business, where all processes are formulated, and each employee is trained on the processes relevant to their role. All processes, responsibilities and controls are mapped out in a business processes management system that is updated continuously. This is managed and monitored by the Business Process Management department that is a part of the Legal and Compliance department. The internal audit team of the Company regularly audits stores, warehouses, and head office departments based on the defined processes. Additionally, the audit department in Lidl Stiftung conduct audits on all areas in order to ensure process compliance. The results of all audits are presented to the board of directors.


Principle 4 - Risk The board consistently analyses, reviews and updates any risks to the Company's position in the market. Based on analysis of current and future risks the Company's strategy is reviewed on an annual basis and tactics for the coming year is defined. The risk Management team sits within the Legal and Compliance department collates and maintains the risks of the business on behalf of the Board of Directors. 
On an annual basis, the Risk Management team liaises with all departments within the business to highlight any new risks that the Company faces. The main risks identified are; competitive markets in the UK, Brexit, foreign exchange risks, compliance risks and the pandemic COVID-19. Competitive market forces Competitive markets in Great Britain represent a risk to the Company. The Company has responded by striving to improve customer satisfaction through constantly improving the quality and value of its products. Additionally, Lidl continues not only to invest in opening stores and warehouses across the country, but also in the existing portfolio, ensuring it is continually updated and remains in exceptional condition in order to further enhance customers' experience and satisfaction. Whilst the Company currently does not engage in online retailing of groceries and does not operate a delivery service, the business has not been affected adversely by this decision. The market share has increased from 5.8% to 6.1%during the financial year. This shows that the Company was able to increase market share during the period despite not having an online presence and a clear indication that the business model is sustainable. Brexit The United Kingdom agreed to leave the European Union on 3i5t January 2020 with the transition period ending on 31st December 2020, therefore leaving the customs union. This poses a risk due to the Company's current sourcing of products from countries which are part of the European customs union. The Company has established a designated Brexit readiness project team that is dedicated to reviewing and establishing processes. The project team will work to ensure that the supply chain remains uninterrupted and ensure that customs regulations are adhered to. Foreign Exchange Risks Purchasing goods in foreign currencies exposes the company to foreign exchange risks. The management is confident in its treasury management policies and that it is well positioned to mitigate this risk sufficiently. Complian~e Risk Lidl Great Britain is required to comply with applicable laws. The risk of not complying with regulations are financial losses and reputational damage·s. To manage this risk the compliance department within the company has established a compliance management system that identifies, prevents and corrects non-compliance. The compliance management system focuses on the following areas: competition law, groceries supply code of conduct, fraud and bribery prevention, business partner compliance and whistleblowing.


COVJD-19 Lidl Great Britain Limited, as a grocery retailer, is an essential business and therefore, kept trading while non-essential business had to close, during lockdown phases. In line with the government recommendations the Company has implemented preventative measures such as, social distancing, working from home where possible, two-meter distancing and store entry regulations in order to keep customers and colleagues safe. Contingency planning is ongoing and is continuously being reviewed, ensuring supply chains remain functional to meet customer demand for groceries. The Company was able to meet increased demand in groceries that was caused by the outbreak of the pandemic. During the pandemic Lidl Great Britain has not made use of government support schemes such as furlough or deferment of VAT payments. The pandemic continues to present an ongoing operational risk, however, the directors are confident that we will continue to meet supply chain demands as well as ensuring our customer and colleagues safety. 
Principle 5 - Remuneration 
The Company prides itself on being a fair and responsible employer and is committed to nurturing talent within the business. 
The Company pay structure is designed to be simple and transparent and is based on the role an individual holds and their length of service within the business. 
The Company is proud to be one of the highest paying supermarkets in Britain. In 2015 the Company became the first British supermarket to introduce the voluntary Living Wage and each year since has increased all hourly wages against the rates as recommended by the Living Wage Foundation. 
In November the Company was pleased to announce its latest increase in wages, which over 19,000 colleagues across the business benefited from, representing 80% of the workforce. As of March 2020, hourly rates rose from £9.00 per hour to £9.30 outside of London, and from £10.55 per hour to £10.75 within the M25, with colleagues earning up to £11.70 depending on location and length of service. 
The Company continues to invest in a wide range of employee benefits and all colleagues receive an in-store discount, a generous holiday allowance and a bespoke platform where employees can pick and choose benefits to suit them. 
The Company has also put a focus on ensuring we have more family friendly benefits in place. In February 2020 the Company launched an enhanced paternity initiative and through its partnership with the National Childbirth Trust, colleagues can enjoy free membership. 
Lidl Great Britain continues to work on the gender pay balance across the business and as at 05.04.2019 the Company has successfully closed the median pay gap between males and females to 0%, down from 0.5% in 2018 and 3% in 2017. These figures compare to the UK national average of 17.3% f9r all employees (reference: Office for National Statistics 2019). The Company'is also pleased with the progress made on reducing the mean gender pay gap - down from 11% in 2018 to 10.3% this year. This gap is attributable to a greater proportion of males than females in the business, particularly in the upper quartile. The Company remains committed to working to reduce this figure further in the year ahead.

Principle 6 - Stakeholders For the Company to be successful in its purpose of making good food accessible for everyone, it recognises the need to closely consider the views of its stakeholders on social, environmental and economic topics. Stakeholder engagement plays an important contribution to informing the Company's decision making, investment plans and ensuring that good food is adding value to producers, people and the planet. How the Company takes stakeholders' concerns into consideration can be found in section 172 statement on pages 4-8. To provide important context to its stakeholders' views, the Company undertakes materiality assessments to understand issues that can make the greatest impact to a business, which are also regarded as the most important by our stakeholders. The Company always takes onboard stakeholder concerns and comments to continue to evolve its strategy and business. The company then publicly reports and tracks the progress of many of our stakeholder initiatives. All of this can be found in the Company's sustainability report, which is published every two years. The latest report can be found in the sustainability section of the Company's website https://corporate.lidl.co.uk/sustainability. Understanding our Customers The company is aware that consumers want good healthy food that is affordable. The Company has continued to invest in its product development to be able to offer them just that. This is all part of The Company's commitment to the UK government nutrition goals and the Childhood Obesity Plan. For example, almost all (96%) of the Company's own-brand products are now aligned to worldleading salt reduction targets. For sugar, the Company has now removed 1,083 tonnes from biscuits and 228 tonnes from chocolate products. The company has also continued to work with its suppliers to create new healthy products that appeal to families, such as its industry-leading fun-sized fruit and veg. Investing in people ·The Company continues to invest in its people, with highly competitive pay rates that meet the Living Wage standard. It also has a wide range of training and development opportunities to support its diverse workforce, such as graduates and undergraduate placements, the Store Manager development programmes or the international job rotations to help colleagues develop their career with the Company. In 2019, Lidl again conducted an annual national colleague survey called Vibe which covers general topics, such as communication and working environment. This allows us to gather insight into overall satisfaction within the workplace at both a national and regional level. Results showed that 71% of colleagues are satisfied with working at Lidl GB. We are continuing to listen to our workforce through surveys, questionnaires and the launch of our Idea Lab in 2019, where we encourage all employees to provide ideas to improve processes. Rewards are given for new ideas that are suggested via the Idea Lab and implemented in the business Well being is a major focus for the Company to ensure every colleague feels supported in and outside of the workplace. The Company's 'Feel Good Five' wellbeing initiative launched two years ago and -includes mental health awareness training for all line managers, to equip them with the necessary tools to spot issues and support team members in the right way. The Company also has an Employee

Assistance Programme in place, offering a 24-hour support service that can be accessed by all colleagues across the business. The positive change we are seeing is a result of many workstreams coming together: • 
Hiring practices 
All hiring managers receive diversity and inclusion training as standard, to ensure the Company's hiring practices remain fair and transparent. Where the Company has roles which typically see a higher ratio of male to female applicants, the Company is working hard to attract more female talent to apply, through placing advertisements in media typically consumed by females. 
The Company's commitment to advertising role vacancies internally, before publishing them externally, is also enabling internal development and allowing females to successfully progress through the business. 
• Ways of working and progression 
The Company has introduced 'talent forums', to ensure a fair and transparent approach to the Company's appraisal process. The Company's commitment to more flexible working practices, including a mobile working policy, means the company is seeing better retention of women across the business, with more females choosing to stay with the business for longer. 
The Company has maintained its partnership with the Retail Week Be Inspired initiative, designed to encourage women to fulfil their career aspirations and connect them with those who can help propel and inspire them. • 
Retaining female talent 
The Company's enhanced maternity leave policy, which offers up to 14 weeks full pay, is driving better retention among female colleagues. The Company's 'Diversity and Inclusion' working group continues to explore initiatives to attract, retain and support the progression of female talent at Lidl. While the Company continues to find new ways to promote better gender parity across all levels, the Company's focus will be on addressing the representation gap in the upper quartile. The Company has expanded its 'Be Inspired Senior Leadership Academy' this year. This is a dedicated training programme, focused on nurturing female talent and supporting them into leadership positions. 
• Diversity 
As part of our commitment to promoting inclusivity, in July 2020 the Company has formed a partnership with Stonewall, the charity that focuses on helping workplaces to be more inclusive of the LGBT+ community, and in general. The partnership provides all Lidl colleagues with access to Stonewall's extensive library of resources and toolkits, including seminars and webinars which will be shared across its internal communication channels.


Commitment to Producers 
Lidl is committed to Great Britain and supporting its suppliers in this market. The Company is committed to purchasing goods worth £15bn over five years from British suppliers, to help support these businesses. Suppliers of groceries and non-food range from small family business to international corporations. The Company is also offering its British suppliers longer-term contracts to give them more financial security and the ability to invest for the future. In 2019, the Company developed a young farmers programme, designed to support new talent in the farming industry and champion the 'next generation'. The Lidl Grassroots Dairy Partnership Ambassadors programme, in conjunction with the Muller Direct Next Generation initiative, offers training and mentoring for young farmers, including 17 of which are already supplying the Company through the Lidl fixed-price agreement. Supporting our communities The Company is committed to supporting communities up and down the country. The Company has partnered with the National Society for the Prevention of Cruelty to Children (NSPCC) and has already raised £3 million since launching in 2017. The Company's stores are also supporting their local communities through the Feed it Back initiative. In partnership with Neighbourly, and in ongoing efforts to reduce food waste across the business, the Company donates surplus food to local charities and community groups each day. So far, the initiative has already provided over 5 million meals. Protecting the planet The Company has long been committed to reducing its impact on the planet. One key focus area is tackling the issue of plastic waste and reducing the usage across the business. Since 2018, Lidl Great Britain has publicly reported on the plastic packaging footprint. This is tracked against the ambitious targets the business has to drive plastic reduction, with an overall target to reduce plastic usage by 20% by 2022. A number of measures and initiatives have already been taken to achieve this, including stopping the sale of Sp carrier bags in 2017, and removing black plastic from fruit, vegetable, fresh fish meat and poultry ranges in 2019. Further information on our plastic targets can be found in the Sustainability section of our website https://corporate.lidl.co.uk/sustainability As a business the Company has invested in the decarbonising of its operations and to help its customers play their part in building a low carbon economy. The Company purchases 100% of its electricity for all of its portfolio including Head Office from renewable sources and is investing in an ambitious roll out of solar photovoltaic panels across new build freehold stores, which estimates will generate more than 20% of own energy at each store. The Company is also encouraging its customers to play their part in building a low carbon economy, by investing in electric car charging points and installing these in its stores up and down the country. In 2019 Lidl Great Britain committed to installing rapid vehicle chargers at over 300 stores in the next three years.
