LVGIG Corporate Governance Report 
For the year ended 31 December 2019, under The Companies (Miscellaneous Reporting) Regulations 2018, LVGIG applied the Wates Corporate Governance Principles for Large Private Companies (published by the Financial Reporting Council ('FRC') in December 2018 and available on the FRC website). 

LVGIG s.172 Statement 
The board actively engages with its stakeholders, which are considered to be its shareholders, workforce, suppliers, brokers, regulators and customers. The table below, which refers to the Wates Principles for Large Private Companies, provides a summary of how the board considered the impact on stakeholders and discharged its duties under s.172 of the Companies Act 2006 when making decisions. 

The Wates Principles for Large Private Companies 
Principle 1 - Purpose and leadership 
Developing and promoting purpose ensuring values, strategy and culture align with the purpose. 
Liverpool Victoria General Insurance Group Limited is the holding company for a group of companies ('Group'), the principal purpose of which is to carry on general insurance business through both the direct and broker distribution channels. The primary sources of premium income are from the sale of Motor insurance products, Home insurance products and Insurance for Small and Medium Size Enterprises ('SME'). Motor insurance products include Private Car, Specialist Car, Fleet, Motorcycle and Commercial Vehicles. The Group also underwrites Road Rescue, Pet and Travel Insurance. 
Our vision is to be Britain's best loved, achieving this through people centricity, maintaining our customer satisfaction and retention rates, and growth through outperforming in our chosen markets. The Group aims to deliver attractive and ·consistent returns to its shareholders. 
Our values are closely aligned to the strategy and the Board believes that its role is to set the tone from the top on governance, culture and purpose and to be collectively responsible for the long-term success of the Group. For the Board, this means not only ensuring that the culture is fully embedded throughout the workplace, but ensuring that we comply with all relevant laws and regulations, have high standards of internal control and risk management, and that we run our business with integrity. The Group promotes, amongst many other things: staff wellbeing; apprenticeships to support staff in retraining for digital roles, managing supply chains in a socially responsible manner, exploring opportunities for strategic growth through new product development and new channels of distribution, as well as providing excellent customer service proven through the market leading Net Promoter Scores (NPS). 
The Board seeks to ensure that we truly live our values every day, delivering for our customers, colleagues and members, harnessing the latest technologies and building a business that is suitably lean and strong. By promoting this strategy and aligning it to our values, the Board helps ensure that LVGIG is focused on being Britain's best loved insurer. 

Principle 2 - Board Composition 
Having an effective chair, and balance of skills, backgrounds, experience and knowledge for Directors. Size of board is guided by scale and complexity of the Group. 
Membership 
The Group has a separate Chairman and Chief Executive to ensure that the balance of responsibilities, accountabilities and decision making across the Group are effectively maintained. The Chairman plays a key role in creating the conditions for overall Board and individual director effectiveness.
Principle 2 - Board Composition (continued) 
Membership (continued) 
During 2019, the Board comprised a Chairman, Senior Independent Director and Independent Non-Executive, Chief Executive, Chief Financial Officer, and five Non-Executive Directors. This size and composition is appropriate to the scale of the business,. The Board are committed to making the Board and the Group a diverse and inclusive environment, evidenced by the focus of achieving 40% female representation at senior management levels across the business. 
The addition of an Independent Non-Executive Director in 2018 brought experience across the insurance sector. During 2019, there was only is only one Independent Non-Executive Director, as the other NonExecutive Directors were appointed as 'nominated' Directors by the parent company Allianz. 
With the exception of the Chair, who has a casting vote, all Directors during 2019 had equal voting rights. Based on the requirements of the Shareholders Agreement, between LV Capital pie and Allianz Holdings pie in place which took effect in 2017, a vote could not be taken without at least one "nominated" director from the respective Shareholders being present. From 31 December 2019 , when Allianz Holdings Pie took control of the Group this latter requirement was removed. All of the Directors have access to the Company Secretary and can take professional advice at the Group's expense if required. 
Committees 
During 2019, the Board was supported by three committees which were chaired by shareholder 'nominated' Non-Executive Directors. The activities of the committees are determined by Board approved Terms of Reference, which are reviewed annually. The three Board committees, Audit, Risk and Nominations and Remuneration all had membership made up from the Non-Executive Directors of the Board. Updates from the Committees were provided by the Committee Chairs at each Board meeting, which include recommendations for Board review and approval. From 31 December 2019, the LVGIG Board is supported by four committees which support all of the Boards of the Allianz Holdings group of companies including LVGIG. This is made up of the Audit, Risk, Finance, Nominations and Compensations committee, the terms of reference for each committee specify the minimum number of Non-Executive Director from the Board in attendance which varies for each committee but is always one or more. 
Director Skills & Knowledge 
The Directors updated their knowledge and skills during 2019 through attending training provided by senior management to the Board. There is an induction programme for all new Directors, but there were no new Directors appointed in 2019. Professional development logs were maintained by the Directors, and these were reviewed by the Nomination Committee during the year. 
Board Effectiveness 
During 2018, an internal review of Board Effectiveness was undertaken which identified a number of areas for improvement which the Board have reviewed and taken forward during 2019. These included: Review of gender mix on the Board. It was agreed this would be a key requirement of the change in ownership succession planning, being a consideration in formulating the new Board and Committee composition for 2020. More focus on performance and market trends in the Board reporting. Further time was allocated on Board agendas in the second half of the year, with a session added in October to cover key market issues such as the data strategy and a review of Home insurance market trends. In addition, a review of the management reports provided to the Board was undertaken with the outcome of more streamlined reporting. The Board highlighted their need for more awareness of the approach taken for the IFRS 17 accounting standard. This was addressed in the second half of the year with a session for the Board and a more detailed review with the Audit Committee. 
The Board last undertook a formal effectiveness review facilitated by an independent external advisor in 2017, which was a part of the LVFS Group review. During 2019 a decision was taken by the· Nomination Committee not to undertake an effectiveness review for LVGIG because of the anticipated change in Board composition for 2020, with the sale of the business to Allianz. This was a clear decision taken not to apply this aspect of the principle, because of the l_ack of future benefit to the organisation of reviewing a structure no longer in place after the end of 2019.
Principle 2 - Board Composition (continued) 
Board Effectiveness (continued) Consideration will be given in 2020 of how effectiveness reviews will be taken forward as the Board considers effectiveness assessments important in focusing its efforts to continuously improve overall performance. 

Principle 3 - Director Responsibilities 
The board and individual directors should have a clear understanding of their accountability and responsibilities. The board's policies and procedures should support effective decision-making and independent challenge. 
Accountability 
In 2019, there were ten Board meetings and two strategy days with members of the Executive team. The additional meetings were taken up with discussions on the due diligence for the purchase of the Legal and General business, which was in addition to the Joint Venture between L VFS and Allianz. 
The agenda for each Board meeting was carefully considered in advance by the Chair, Chief Executive and Company Secretary to ensure that any cyclical or situational matters follow the correct governance process. A typical meeting comprised of reports from: the Chief Executive on the performance and strategy; the Chief Finance Officer on the trading and financial performance; the Chief Risk Officer on risk and regulatory matters; and the Managing Directors of the Direct and Broker divisions on market, customer and supplier matters. The remainder of the agenda focused on governance matters, the strategic transformation program, committee updates and matters of current interest. 
All Board members had a clear understanding of their accountabilities, with the roles and responsibilities reviewed annually by the Nomination Committee to ensure they remain fit for purpose. Annual safeguards were in place to ensure good governance with each Director undertaking an annual review of conduct to confirm they remain 'fit and proper' individuals to undertake the role. 
All Directors were expected to report any Conflicts of Interest as they arose. The Board reviewed Conflicts of Interest at each meeting and where they arose appropriate mitigations were put in place. This was a critical consideration for the Board throughout the period of the joint venture as, with the exception of the Independent Non-Executive Director, the remaining Directors were all 'nominated' by the two Shareholders. To support this process a governance manual was produced at the commencement of the joint venture, which set out the policies and practices, including guidance on mitigating Conflicts of Interest. 
With effect from 31 December 2019 the accountability moved to the single unitary Allianz Board which includes the various companies in the Allianz Holdings Group including LVGIG and its subsidiaries. 
Committees 
The Board delegated authority for day-to-day management of the Group to the Chief Executive, with specific responsibilities for reviewing and recommending items of governance delegated to the Board committees of Audit, Risk and Nomination and Remuneration. These committees all included the Independent Non-Executive Director and a combination of at least one 'nominated' Non-Executive Director from each of the Shareholders. No meeting was able to proceed without the minimum representation of two Non-Executive Directors, with one from each Shareholder being present. Since 31 December 2019 a revised set of Board committees has been introduced. 
With effect from 31 December 2019 the responsibilities for these committees moved to the Allianz Board, which also ensures there is at least one Non-Executive Director present. 
Integrity of information 
There are formal and robust processes in place to ensure the Board receives accurate and timely information about all aspects of the business. This covers financial performance including regular reviews of performance against the business plan, risk management, strategic, operational and market factors. The Board also regularly reviews a suite of performance indicators (KPls), which make up the Balanced Scorecard, covering customer, workforce, brand, financial, efficiency, strategic change and business control measures.
Principle 3 - Director Responsibilities (continued) 
Integrity of information (continued) 
The information is mostly generated internally, The Financial Statements are annually audited by PwC. Key financial and other business controls are audited by the Group Internal Audit function. A plan of audits is agreed with the Audit Committee annually and is derived through applying a risk based model. The Audit Committee reviews the outcomes of the reports with agreed management actions to deliver any required improvements to the control environment. During 2019 thirteen internal audit reports were produced and by year end there were no overdue actions outstanding for completion. 

Principle 4 - Opportunity and Risk 
A board should promote the long-term sustainable success of the Group by identifying opportunities to create and preserve value, and establishing oversight for the identification and mitigation of risks. 
Opportunity 
The Board actively considers strategic opportunities as these are key drivers of the strategy to outperform in our chosen markets. In 2019 this included new product development initiatives, the use of artificial intelligence and machine learning to improve both efficiency of process and customer experience through pricing and underwriting initiatives, and a market leading proposition for the electric car market. In the broker channel, system thinking was applied to develop a new operating model for personal lines business which is delivering customer service improvements with Net Promoter Scores (NPS) increasing. 
To support the development of artificial intelligence and machine learning, we, set up a new and exciting collaboration through Bristol University, in 2019 with two data scientists recruited and two data engineers to be based there, with further growth planned in 2020. 
Risk 
The Board Risk Committee considered the main risks identified by the business, which are managed appropriately and in a timely fashion. The committee met seven times during the year, with four scheduled and three additional meetings. The three additional meetings each had a specific focus; on continuing to improve the risk management framework and ensuring it is operating effectively across the business; feedback from an external review undertaken by KPMG of LVGIG's pricing practices in expectation of the outcomes from the FCA Market Study on pricing practices; and an assessment of the risks for a new product proposition. 
The key operating and strategic risks for the Group are outlined in the strategic report and were discussed by the Board Risk Committee at each of their four scheduled meetings during the year. The Board received a risk update from the CRO at each of their scheduled meetings during the year, which covered the key areas of focus for the Board Risk Committee. This was further enhanced by updates from the Committee Chair to the Board which covered recommendations made and any decisions required. 
The key strategic risks covered by the Board and the Board Risk Committee in 2019 included Brexit, management stretch resulting from the business change programmes, the regulatory environment including the FCA review of fair pricing and customer conduct risks. 
Responsibilities During 2019 LVGIG implemented the final phases of the risk development programme, which covered new risk assessment processes, a new risk appetite framework and a new emerging risks process. After the first quarter of the year the focus shifted towards embedding the framework throughout the business.


Principle 5 - Remuneration 
Promote executive remuneration structures aligned to the sustainable long-term success of a Group, taking into account pay and conditions elsewhere in the wider Group. 
Setting remuneration 
The Remuneration Committee met five times during the year having the responsibility for reviewing the remuneration strategy and making recommendations to the Board on salary and bonuses for all staff and long term incentive plans for senior management. To support this, the Remuneration Committee sourced external independent advice throughout the year covering market trends, benchmarking, and updates on legal and regulatory issues liable to impact on decision making. Salaries of staff are aligned to the performance of the business and market conditions, with bonus driven by a combination of personal and business perfonnance. 
Policies 
During the year the Remuneration Committe·e met the requirements of its clearly defined terms of reference, which included reviewing and publishing the Gender Pay Gap Report for 2019, other highlights included the introduction of a new Diversity and Inclusion Steering Committee to lead on workforce equality across the business and the significant progress made in increasing the percentage of females in senior management roles to the target of 40% set in 2018. In addition, diversity and inclusion training has been implemented for the whole of the workforce covering tools and techniques for calling out non-inclusive language and behaviours. This is planned to be delivered to the whole workforce by the end of 2020. This emphasises the approach of the Board to being an active equal opportunities employer who promotes a workplace where everyone receives equal treatment regardless of age, gender, nationality, ethnic origin, religion, marital status, sexual orientation or disability.

Principle 6 - Stakeholders 
The board actively engages with its stakeholders and the following table provides a summary of how the board considered the impact on stakeholders, including discharging its duties under s.172 of the Companies Act when making decisions. 
Key stakeholder groups: 
• Our shareholders (A) 
• Our Customers (B) 
• Our People (C) 
• Our Regulators (D) 
• Our Suppliers (E) 
• Our Brokers (F) 
Strategy and Group Performance 
- Business Plans (A) (B) (C) (F) 
- Reviewed performance against the 5 year business plan. 
- Considered the 2020-2022 business plan including assessment strategic and external assurance. 
Trading Updates (A) (B) (E) (F) 
- Considered the trading performance from both the Broker and Direct business. 
- Reviewed market analysis. 
- Considered the impact of the business plan, strategy and costs on the Groups' trading results. 
Strategic Process and KPls (A) (B) (C) (F) 
- Discussed and set the KPls across business assessed against and progress strategic objectives throughout the year. 
- Considered strategic initiatives to grow and develop in 2020 as part of the group. 
- Reviewed balanced the scorecard on a regular basis, which customer workforce metrics. 
Allianz Joint Venture (A) (B) (C ) (D) (E) 
- Considered the workforce of delivering impacts on the separation and exit of the business. This included planning for the impacts of the L&G business during the transition period. 
- The Board received regular updates from the programme team and provided substantive challenge in ensuring risks were effectively managed taking 
account of workforce, customer and supplier impacts. 
- The impacts for maintaining customer service were paramount to decision making by the Board, as seen through the detailed discussions around IT cut-over planning. 
- The Board regularly monitored employee engagement and customer satisfaction scores. 
- Supplier contracts were reviewed in detail and reported to the Board on a regular basis. This included contract renewals over a specified limit for Board approval. The regulator was kept updated on progress with regular meetings with the Chair, SID, CEO, CFO and CRO. See page 10 for more information with regard to the appointment of a Corporate Director. 
Financial updates 
Budget (A) (B) (C) (E) - 
- Regularly considered performance against the 2018/2019 budget 
- Agreed the budget for the group having considered the impact on performance, perception is shareholder and considerations of Allianz who 
the of business in 2020. 
Governance 
Board Training Programme (A) (B) 
- Agreed a training programme at both Board and Board Committee level for 2019/2020 covering a range of topics such as: Premium finance IFRS17, Home insurance,  Progress on GDPR Data strategy; Periodical Orders (PPO) Payment
Board Reinsurance Succession and Diversity (A) (B) (C) (D) 
- Board succession was addressed through the Board composition for the new structure in 2020. 
- Diversity consideration was in a the appointments to the new Board for 2020. 
Regulatory Engagement (A) (D) 
Customer (B)(E)(F) 
- Discussed the feedback - from the regular visits with the Regulators made by the Chair, SID, CEO, CFO and CRO to discuss LVGIG's strategy, frameworks and 
risk the progress of the joint venture. 
- Invited the PRA to attend a Board meeting to discuss their expectations and considered the PRA's observations in discussion at the Board. 
& Supplier Engagement 
The Board are updated regularly on the relationship insight, with customers through the MD Direct, MD Broker and CE.O Update reports (each Board). These include reviews of customer complaints management, Net Promoter Scores and surveys. 
- Customer metrics are included on Balance Scorecard - NPS; and Brand - YouGov Likelihood to Recommend - Customers; Direct (Customers registered) 
Self Service 
 and sole the 2019/2020 long-term employee 
 
Costs (A) (B) - 
- Control of expenses has been focus for management during a period of significant change with the projects to deliver the transfer of the business to Allianz. 
- Focus on investment in business intelligence platforms to deliver future efficiency benefits. 
Ogden Discount Rate (ODR) (A) (D) 
- Considered the implications of Ogden on performance and the dividend. 
Board Effectiveness and Action Plan and Evaluation (A) (B) 
- Reviewed the progress made against the 2018/2019 effectiveness action plan. Decision taken not to proceed with a Board Effectiveness Review in 2019/20. Reason why: - Change in Ownership impacting composition, structure and succession. 
Adoption of the Wates Principles for Large Private Companies (A) (B) 
- The Board adopted the Wates Principles in January 2019. 
Dividend Payments (A)  
- Considered and recommended the Dividend payments for shareholders of the joint venture.


Governance (continued) 
Customer & Supplier Engagement (B)(E)(F) (continued) 
- The Board have Aggregators, appointed management to foster a number of partnerships and relationships with Insurance Brokers, 
Reinsurers and Suppliers. 
These relationships are managed on a day to day basis by various relationship teams, having daily contact with key suppliers and Brokers. Feedback is monitored through the Broker NPS, renewal rates, supplier feedback and the willingness of suppliers to do business with the Group. 
- The Board also has oversight of the Customer Conduct Committee, which reviews complaints, submitted to the Financial Ombudsman. 
Workforce Engagement (C) 
Throughout 2019 we focused a significant amount of time on creating an environment where our employees no matter their background, felt included and were able to succeed, and also ensuring that as a Group we continue to operate in an ethical, environmentally friendly and sustainable manner. 
To achieve this, we appointed a new Corporate Responsibility Director who is responsible for delivering the strategy. Our progress in this area was also recognised as we were awarded 16th place in the Inclusive Top 50 UK Employers List in 2019. 
A plan for direct engagement of the Board with the workforce, over and above current engagement methods employed, was reviewed and will be developed in 2020 as part of the new Allianz structure. An employee consultation forum is in place and support has been provided to enable this forum to become the main vehicle for Board and workforce direct engagement moving forward. Workforce engagement scores were reviewed regularly by the Board. Talent and succession planning was reviewed by the Board in 2019. Transformation Academy and Apprenticeships in place providing opportunities for employees to retrain for digital skill sets. There are currently 70 apprenticeships increasing to 160 by Q2 2020, covering digital and data science. Collaboration with Bristol University with two data scientists recruited and two data engineers to be based at their campus, with further growth planned in 2020.
