Corporate Governance Statement 
In accordance with the Large and Medium-sized Companies and Group (Accounts and Reports) Regulations 2008 (as amended by the Companies (Miscellaneous Reporting) Regulations 2018) (the ‘Regulations’), for the year ended 31 December 2019, the Bank has in its corporate governance arrangements applied the Wates Corporate Governance Principles for Large Private Companies (the ‘Principles’), which are available at frc.org.uk. The following section explains the Bank’s approach to corporate governance, and its application of the Principles. Fundamental to the Bank’s strategy are high standards of corporate governance. A Corporate Governance Framework is in place for Lloyds Banking Group, the Bank, Bank of Scotland plc and HBOS plc, with all four companies sharing a common approach to governance. The framework is designed to meet the specific needs of each company, setting the wider approach and applicable standards in respect of the Bank’s corporate governance practices, including addressing the matters set out in the Principles and the governance requirements of the operation of the Bank as part of Lloyds Banking Group’s Ring Fenced Bank. This includes the matters reserved to the Board, and the matters the Board has chosen to delegate to management, including decision making on operational matters such as those relating to credit, liquidity and the day to day management of risk. Governance arrangements, including the Corporate Governance Framework, are reviewed at least annually to ensure they remain fit for purpose. The Corporate Governance Framework of the Bank further addresses the requirements of the Principles as follows. 

Principle One – Purpose and Leadership 
The Board is collectively responsible for the long term success of the Bank. It achieves this by agreeing the Bank’s strategy, within the wider strategy of Lloyds Banking Group, and overseeing delivery against it. The Bank’s strategy is discussed further in the Strategic Report on pages 2 to 19. The Board also assumes responsibilities for the management of the culture, values and wider standards of the Bank, within the equivalent standards set by Lloyds Banking Group. 
Consideration of the needs of all stakeholders is fundamental to the way the Bank operates, as is maintaining the highest standards of business conduct, which along with ensuring delivery for customers is a vital part of the corporate culture. The Bank’s approach is further influenced by the need to build a culture in which everyone feels included, empowered and inspired to do the right thing for customers. To this end, the Board plays a lead role in establishing, promoting and monitoring the Bank’s corporate culture and values, with the Corporate Governance Framework ensuring such matters receive the level of prominence in Board and Executive decision making which they require. The Bank’s corporate culture and values align to those of Lloyds Banking Group, which are discussed in more detail on pages 14 to 35 of the Lloyds Banking Group annual report and accounts for 2019. 
Principle Two – Board Composition The Bank is led by a Board comprising a Non-Executive Chairman, independent Non-Executive Directors and Executive Directors, further details of the Directors can be found on page 24. The Board considers its composition regularly, and is committed to ensuring it has the right balance of skills and experience. The Board considers its current size and composition is appropriate to the Bank’s circumstances. The Board places great emphasis on ensuring its membership reflects diversity in its broadest sense. New appointments are made on merit, taking account of the specific skills and experience, independence and knowledge needed to ensure a rounded board and the diversity benefits each candidate can bring overall. There are a range of initiatives within Lloyds Banking Group more widely to help provide mentoring and development opportunities for female and BAME executives, and to ensure unbiased career progression opportunities. Progress on diversity objectives is monitored by the Board and built into its assessment of executive performance. 
The Board is supported by its committees, the operation of which are discussed below, which make recommendations to the Board on matters delegated to them, in particular in relation to internal control, risk, financial reporting and remuneration matters. Each committee has written terms of reference setting out its delegated responsibilities. Each committee comprises Non-Executive Directors with appropriate skills and experiences and is chaired by an experienced chairman. The committee chairs report to the Board at the next Board meeting. The Board undertakes an annual review of its effectiveness, which provides an opportunity to consider ways of identifying greater efficiencies, ways to maximise strengths and highlights areas of further development. The effectiveness review is commissioned by the Board, assisted by the Company Secretary. In addition to considering the effectiveness of the Board, the effectiveness of the Board committees and individual Directors is also considered, with individual performance evaluation conducted for each of the members of the Board. 
Principle Three – Director Responsibilities 
The Directors assume ultimate responsibility for all matters, and along with senior management are committed to maintaining a robust control framework as the foundation for the delivery of good governance, including the effective management of delegation through the Corporate Governance Framework. Policies are also in place in relation to potential conflicts of interest which may arise. 
The Board is supported by its committees which make recommendations on matters delegated to them under the Corporate Governance Framework. The management of all committees is in keeping with the basis on which meetings of the Board are managed, with open debate, and adequate time for members to consider proposals which are put forward. The Chairman of the Board and each Board committee assumes responsibility with support from the Company Secretary for the provision to each meeting of accurate and timely information. 
Principle Four – Opportunity and Risk 
The Board oversees the development and implementation of the Bank’s strategy, within the context of the wider strategy of Lloyds Banking Group, which includes consideration of all strategic opportunities. The Board is also responsible for the long term sustainable success of the Bank, generating value for its shareholders and ensuring a positive contribution to society. The Board agrees the Bank’s culture, purpose, values and strategy, within that of Lloyds Banking Group, and agrees the related standards of the Bank, again within the relevant standards of Lloyds Banking Group. Further specific aims and objectives of the Board are formalised within the Corporate Governance Framework. 
Strong risk management is central to the strategy of the Bank, which along with a robust risk control framework acts as the foundation for the delivery of effective management of risk. The Board agrees the Bank’s risk appetite and ensures the Bank manages risk effectively, delegating related authorities to individuals through the Corporate Governance Framework and the further management hierarchy. Board level engagement, coupled with the direct involvement of senior management in risk issues ensures that escalated issues are promptly addressed and remediation plans are initiated where required. The Bank’s risk appetite, principles, policies, procedures, controls and reporting are managed in conjunction with those of Lloyds Banking Group, and as such are regularly reviewed to ensure they remain fully in line with regulations, law, corporate governance and industry best practice. The Bank’s principal risks are discussed further on pages 14 to 18. Principle Five – Remuneration The Remuneration Committee of the Board, in conjunction with the Remuneration Committee of Lloyds Banking Group (the ‘Remuneration Committees’), assume responsibility for the Bank’s approach to remuneration. This includes reviewing and making recommendations on remuneration policy as relevant to the Bank, ranging from the remuneration of Directors and members of the Executive to that of all other colleagues employed by the Bank. This includes colleagues where the regulators require the Bank to implement a specific approach to their remuneration, such as Senior Managers and other material risk takers. The activities of the Remuneration Committees extend to matters of remuneration relevant to subsidiaries of the Bank, where such subsidiary does not have its own remuneration committee. Certain members of the Lloyds Banking Group Executive, including the Group People and Productivity Director, are authorised to act upon the decisions made by the Remuneration Committees, and to undertake such other duties relevant to remuneration as delegated to them. Principle Six – Stakeholders The Bank as part of Lloyds Banking Group operates under Lloyds Banking Group’s wider Responsible Business approach, which acknowledges that the Bank has a responsibility to help address the economic, social and environmental challenges which the UK faces, and as part of this understand the needs of the Bank’s external stakeholders, including in the development and implementation of strategy. Central to this is Lloyds Banking Group’s Helping Britain Prosper plan, in which the Bank participates, which seeks to gather stakeholder views through a dedicated materiality study, as overseen by Lloyds Banking Group’s board level Responsible Business Committee. 
In 2019, the Responsible Business Committee determined that the Bank and Lloyds Banking Group continued to demonstrate responsibility as a key priority, including keeping customers’ data safe, supporting vulnerable customers, lending responsibly, supporting businesses and working with suppliers. The approach of the Board in respect of its all stakeholders, including colleagues, is described further in a separate statement made in compliance with the Regulations on pages 7 to 11.
