Corporate governance report 
Approach to corporate governance In accordance with the Large and Medium-sized Companies and Group (Accounts and Reports) Regulations 2008 (as amended by the Companies (Miscellaneous Reporting) Regulations 2018) (the Regulations), for the year ended 31 December 2019, the Bank and Group has in its corporate governance arrangements applied the Wates Corporate Governance Principles for Large Private Companies (the Principles). The following section explains the Bank's approach to corporate governance, and its application of the Principles. 
Fundamental to the Bank and Group's strategy are high standards of corporate governance. A Corporate Governance Framework is in place for the Bank, which sets the approach and applicable standards in respect of the Bank's corporate governance arrangements whilst addressing the matters set out in the Principles. 
This includes the matters reserved to the Board, and the matters the Board has chosen to delegate to management, including decision making on operational matters such as those relating to credit, liquidity and the day to day management of risk, and the governance requirements of the operation of the Bank as an entity outside of Lloyds Banking Group's Ring Fenced Bank. Governance arrangements, including the Corporate Governance Framework, are reviewed at least annually to ensure they remain fit for purpose. The Corporate Governance Framework of the Bank further addresses the requirements of the Principles as follows. 
Principle One - purpose and leadership The Board is collectively responsible for the long term success of the Bank. It achieves this by agreeing the Bank's strategy, within the wider strategy of LBG ,. and overseeing delivery against it. The Bank's strategy is discussed further in the Strategic report on pages 2 to 8. The Board also assumes responsibilities for setting the culture, values and wider standards of the Bank, within the equivalent standards set by LBG. 
Consideration of the needs of all stakeholders is fundamental to the way the Bank operates, as is maintaining the highest standards of business conduct, which along with ensuring delivery for customers is a vital part of the corporate culture. The Bank's approach is further influenced by the need to build a culture in which everyone feels included, empowered and inspired to do the right thing for customers. To this end, the Board plays a lead role in establishing, promoting and monitoring the Bank's corporate culture and values, with the Corporate Governance Framework ensuring such matters receive the level of prominence in board and Executive decision making which they require. The Bank's corporate culture and values closely align to those of LBG, which are discussed in more detail on page 3 of the LBG Annual Report and Accounts for 2019. 
Principle two - Board composition The Board is chaired by a Non-Executive member of the LBG Board and contains a balance of independent Non-Executive Directors, Group executives (serving as Non-Executives) and Executive Directors. This composition supports its legal and regulatory requirements for independent decision making within the overall framework of Group policies and controls. 
There were a number of changes to the Board during the year and since the year end, all of which were overseen by the Nomination and Governance Committee. Philip Piers resigned as Chief Financial Officer and Executive Director of the Bank on 31 January 2019 and was succeeded by Christopher Edis. In November 2019, Mark Grant announced his intention to retire as Chief Executive Officer and was succeeded by Eduardo Stock da Cunha on 1 February 2020. 
The Nomination and Governance Committee led a thorough selection and recruitment process to identify and assess candidates. Chris and Eduardo were selected on the basis of their strong banking experience and skills and bring a wealth of experience to the Bank. Philip and Mark were crucial members of the team that helped establish the Bank and left with the Board's thanks and best wishes for the future. 
Additionally the Nomination and Governance Committee oversaw the planned transition of the Senior Independent Director role from Lord Blackwell, LBG Chairman to John Owen with effect from 31 January 2020. John's breadth and depth of experience make him ideally suited to the role of Senior Independent Director. 
The Nomination and Governance Committee continues to keep under review, on an ongoing basis, the structure, size and composition of the Board and its committees, making recommendations to the Board as appropriate. Consideration is given to the.need to ensure the appropriate mix of knowledge, skills and experience, and diversity. 
The Board has adopted the LBG Board Diversity Policy and LBG Board Diversity Objectives as applicable to the Bank reflecting the relative size of the Board. The Board is committed to maintaining at least two female board members so long as the board size is eight directors. Further, the Board supports the overall aspirations of the Hampton-Alexander and Parker Review goals reflecting that the Bank is a subsidiary and not a listed entity. The Board will take opportunities to increase the number of female board members over time where this is consistent with other skills and diversity requirements and is proportionate to the size of the Board and the Bank.


Reflecting the size and complexity of the business, the Board has established a committee structure comprising a Board Risk Committee, Audit Committee, Remuneration Committee and Nomination and Governance Committee. The committees make recommendations to the Board on matters delegated to them, in particular in relation to internal control, risk, financial reporting and remuneration matters. Each committee has written terms of reference setting out its delegated responsibilities. Each committee comprises Non-Executive Directors with appropriate skills and experiences and is chaired by an experienced chairman. The committee chairs report to the Board at each Board meeting. 
The Board undertakes an annual review of its effectiveness, which provides an opportunity to consider ways of identifying greater efficiencies, ways to maximise strengths and highlights areas of further development. The effectiveness review is commissioned by the Board, assisted by the Company Secretary. In addition to considering the effectiveness of the Board, the effectiveness of the Board committees and individual directors is also considered, with individual performance evaluation conducted for each of the members of the Board. 
Principle three - director responsibilities The Board has established and maintains corporate governance practices that provide clear lines of accountability and responsibility to support effective decisionmaking though the Corporate Governance Framework. This also helps clarify the relationship between the Bank and its parent company in order to deliver long-term sustainable success. Policies are also in place in relation to potential conflicts of interest which may arise. 
The Board is supported by its committees which make recommendations on matters delegated to them under the Corporate Governance Framework. The management of all committees is in keeping with the basis on which meetings of the Board are managed, with open debate, and adequate time for members to consider proposals which are put forward. The Chairman of the Board and each board committee assumes responsibility with-support from the Company Secretary for the provision to each meeting of accurate and timely information. 
Principle four - opportunity and risk The Board oversees the development and implementation of the Bank's strategy, within the context of the wider strategy of LBG. Consideration is given to strategic opportunities, and the Board's annual cycle of meetings includes sessions dedicated to debating strategic priorities, as well as one offsite meeting focused on strategy. 
The Board is also responsible for the long term sustainable success of the Bank, ensuring it generates value for its shareholder and delivers a positive contribution to society. The Board agrees the Bank's culture, purpose, values and strategy within those set by LBG, and sets expectations for risk management, financial performance and reporting. The specific aims and objectives of the Board are formalised within the Bank's Corporate Governance Framework, which also set out the key decisions and matters reserved for the Board's approval. 
Strong risk management is central to the Bank's strategy along with a robust risk control framework which acts as the foundation for sustainable business growth. The Board agrees the Bank's risk appetite, within the overarching risk appetite of LBG, and monitors the effectiveness of risk management with the support the Board Risk Committee. Board level engagement, coupled with the direct involvement of senior management ensures that escalated risk issues are promptly addressed and remediation plans are initiated where required. 
The Bank's risk appetite, principles, policies, procedures, controls and reporting are managed in conjunction with those of LBG, and are regularly reviewed to ensure they remain fully in line with regulations, law, corporate governance and industry best practice. The Bank's principal risks are discussed further on pages 5 to 8. 
Principle five - remuneration The Remuneration Committee of the Board, in conjunction with the Remuneration Committee of LBG (the Remuneration Committees), assume responsibility for the Bank's approach to remuneration. This includes reviewing and making recommendations on remuneration policy as relevant to the Bank, ranging from the remuneration of directors and members of the Executive to that of all other colleagues employed by the Bank. This includes colleagues where the regulators require the Bank to implement a specific approach to their remuneration, such as Senior Managers and other material risk takers. The activities of the Remuneration Committees extend to matters of remuneration relevant to subsidiaries of the Bank. 
Principle six - stakeholders The Bank as part of LBG operates under LBG's wider Responsible Business approach, which acknowledges that the Bank has a responsibility to help address the economic, social and environmental challenges which the UK faces, and as part of this understand the needs of the Bank's external stakeholders, including in the development and implementation of strategy. Central to this is LBG's Helping Britain Prosper plan, in which the Bank participates, which seeks to gather stakeholder views through a dedicated materiality study, as overseen by LBG's Responsible Business Committee. 
In 2019, the Responsible Business Committee determined that the Bank and LBG continued to demonstrate responsibility as a key priority, including keeping customers' data safe, supporting vulnerable customers, lending responsibly, supporting businesses and working with suppliers. The workforce, as a key stakeholder, includes the Bank's permanent employees, contingent workers and third-party suppliers that work on LBG and the Bank's premises delivering services to customers and supporting key business operations. This also includes LBG colleagues providing services to the Bank under the Shared Service Model. The Board's approach to workforce engagement includes an annual programme of engagement activity and oversight of clear policies on remuneration structures and practices that take account of the broader operating context, including the pay and conditions of the wider workforce and the Bank's response to matters such as any gender pay gap.

