Mace Finance Limited December 2019_conv
Corporate Governance Report Year ended 31 December 2019 
Following the introduction of The Companies (Miscellaneous Reporting) Regulations 2018, the Company has applied the Wates Corporate Governance Principles for Large Private Companies {the "Principles") as an appropriate framework when making a disclosure about the Company's corporate governance arrangements. 
The Mace Group is committed to ensuring high standards of corporate governance across the Group and the Principles have assisted by providing a robust framework against which we can measure ourselves against. Our ambition is to become an industry leader in large private company governance. This is the first year of applying the framework which we will continue to develop and improve. 
Purpose and leadership The Board set out and led the 2022 business strategy for the Mace Group with the primary purpose of focusing our ambitions, measure our progress and achieve our goals so "to inspire our spirit of adventure" which defines our vision to be the industry leader in shaping and building sustainable communities and to continuously pursue a better way. 
Our values: safety first, client focus, create opportunity, integrity- permeate through everything we do. Together with our dear vision and mission, our values guide our behaviours and foster a culture of innovation and service excellence. These have helped us forge cooperative long-term partnerships and relationships with clients and suppliers that are increasingly focused on great mutual outcomes rather than transactional rewarding arrangements. 
"Being a Responsible Business" has been a key focus area for the leadership in 2019 and their commitment to this permeates throughout the business. 
In support, several initiatives have been launched by the Board such as introducing a new "Code of Ethics" and external whistleblowing service; implementing our behavioural framework "Behaviours for Success " which includes "Act Inclusively" which focuses on treating people with respect, in a fair and consistent manner; the developing and implementing of a culture which seeks to embrace diversity and inclusion; setting a target to achieve net zero carbon by the end of 2020 through our "Steps Without Footprints" initiative. 
The Board is firmly committed to the principles of tax transparency and the implementation of measures globally to prevent the facilitation of tax evasion. As part of our increased focus on governance, procedures and a programme of improvement to align with the annual Senior Accounting Officer ("SAO") certification, a dean SAO certificate was issued during the year. 
As a global business operating within four distinct sectors: developments, consultancy, construction, and facilities management, our exposure to risk is mitigated as a result of the strong diversification of our portfolio. Our Risk and Audit Board has a delegated authority of the Mace Executive Board and provides assurance that the business is fulfilling its corporate governance duties. Our internal Compliance & Audit team ran a programme of internal audits. In total 131 audits were undertaken equating to 169 audit days. On external auditing, our Independent Certification Body delivered a total of 85 audit days across 7 ISO standards. 
To support the Board's target to achieve a workforce which reflects society we have a Diversity and Inclusion Steering Committee (DISC) who are responsible for driving positive change. This is chaired by our Inclusion Manager and members of the committee are drawn from across the business to ensure we consider a variety of perspectives. 
The Company is well on its way to achieving its targets and will continue to keep focus on Being a Responsible Business.

Board composition The Board comprises of eleven statutory directors with an appointed Chairman and Chief Executive Officer to ensure good governance. 
On 1 January 2020, as part of developing the Board's Governance programme, the Board created and sponsored a sub board, referred to as the Executive Board, which it delegated a number of authorities and this board is now responsible for the day to day operation of Mace Group, including Mace Limited. 
The Executive Board comprises of both statutory directors and senior management. The Executive Board together represent the knowledge, experience and expertise required to run an organisation as large and diverse as the Mace Group. Membership of the Board and the Executive Board are listed below. 
Both the Board and Executive Board recognise there is still work to be done to improve the diversity of the Board and is committed to increasing diversity amongst the senior leadership team which will also reflect the Company's diversity and inclusion targets. 
Board Stephen Pycroft - Chairman Jonathan Mark Holmes - Deputy Chairman Mark Reynolds - Chief Executive Officer Richard Bienfait - Chief Financial Officer Gareth Lewis - CEO Construct Jason Millett - CEO Consult Mark Castle - Chief Operating Officer Lee Penlington - Commercial Director Mandy Willis - Director of Strategy Stephen Jeffrey -Chief Technical Officer Clare Lewis - Director 
Executive Board Mark Reynolds - Chairman Michelle Barkess Richard Bienfait Mark Castle Patrick Dixon Florence Hayden Jonathan Mark Holmes Stephen Jeffrey Gareth Lewis Jason Millett Carolyn Pate Lee Penlington Stephen Pycroft Mandy Willis 
Members of the Executive Board who are not statutory directors are: Michelle Barkess (Chief lnfonnation Officer), Florence Hayden (Group Human Resources Director), Patrick Dixon (Non-executive Director of Mace Limited) and Carolyn Pate (Company Secretary). 
Director responsibilities The Board met quarterly in 2019 and in addition met less formally during the weekly operational meetings. Quarterly Board meetings will reduce in 2020 to annually as the Executive Board takes on its operational responsibilities. The Executive Board will meet fonnally on a quarterly basis and again less fonnally at the start of the week meetings. 
The Mace business is divided into four operating divisions being Develop, Consult, Construct and Operate, each has its own CEO wt10 i::; responsible for delivering the business plan for their respective division. Each division has its own Board chaired by the respective divisional CEO or the Group CEO. These sub-boards meet on a quarterly basis and sit under the Executive Board. 
During the past year the directors have sought to carry their duties as required under S172 of the Companies Act 2006 (the Act) as referred to in the Strategic Report. 
In 2019 the focus of the Board was in "driving the four priorities" of the 2020 Business Strategy. Focusing on these four priorities helped the Company better focus efforts, strategies and action plans to meet plan. 
The Four Priorities 
Engage, develop and inspire our people Achieve stable and sustainable growth Driving innovation to Improve service excellence Be a responsible business 
For each priority, focus areas were established, actions agreed, KPl's set and progress measured at each quarterly meeting. The standing items on the main Board agenda during the past year included health, safety & wellbeing, financial performance, operations update, opportunities & risk report and responsible business.


Opportunity and risk As part of the priority to achieve stable and sustainable growth the Board set a target to achieve a robust risk management programme in 2019. The Risk and Audit Board was overhauled with a new membership drawn from across business functions and sponsored by the CFO. 
The Risk and Audit Board monitors and reviews the development and delivery of the Group Risk and Audit strategy, ensuring its plans are aligned to and enable delivery of the 2022 Business Strategy and to mitigate the business' principal risks, as identified in the Strategic Report. 
The Risk and Audit Board reports on a quarterly basis to the Executive Board to which it will refer recommendations for decisions which are outside of its delegated authority. 
Remuneration As a privately-owned company, the Company is not required to have a Remuneration Committee and as such the responsibility of setting executive pay is assumed by the Board. 
Key objectives of the Board whilst operating within the principles of good governance are to: • 
• 
Assess executive remuneration and reward packages for the individual executive directors; Determine the remuneration of the Chair, the executive directors and the Group management team; 
Determine the total remuneration packages for these individuals including any compensation on tennination of office; Approve any and all annual bonus arrangements and share awards, including the performance targets that apply. 
Executive remuneration is structured simply to drive both accountability and perfonnance, creating long-tern, value for all stakeholders. In detennining the remuneration, the performanc.e of the business during the financial year is taken into consideration, together with future strategy. Pay levels are commensurate with external pay levels. 
A small number of share awards were made during the year, with some restrictions being lifted on previous awards. Performance is continually under review and remuneration packages revised appropriately. 
Stakeholders The Board takes a proactive stance to engaging directly with our core stakeholder audiences, both inside and outside the company. We aim to ensure that as much of our communication as possible is an open dialogue, ensuring that our communication is authentic, transparent and that we are open to new ideas and critique of current practises across the organisation. 
Our most important stakeholder group is the Mace workforce. Our internal communications strategy relies on a broad range of channels to engage directly with our colleagues, including our intranet, regular events, emails and direct engagement to create an open conversation across the organisation. We carry out annual engagement and well being surveys to measure engagement and run regular internal campaigns to promote infonnation about topics that are important to our people, including sustainability, mental health and diversity and inclusion. 
Externally, our core stakeholder audiences are our clients, our strategic supply chain, insurers, bond providers, investors, industry organisations, public sector bodies; including both local and national government, and the communities we work in. We communicate with those audiences through a wider variety of channels, both as part of our day to day delivery and wider communications channels and campaigns. We promote Mace's work through media and social media, provide regular updates to our clients about our work and carry out regular customer surveys. 
Through CEO Mark Reynolds, and our Deputy CEO for Construction Mark Castle, in 2019 we played a leading role in the Construction Leadership Council and Build UK, helping to shape our sector's response to critical issues, regulation and its dialogue with Government. In the preparation for the UK's exit from the European Union, Mark. Reynolds played a key role in bringing the sector together to understand and mitigate the key risks we faced.


External reporting In addition to our Annual Report and Financial Statements, we publish infonnation regularly in the public domain. This includes our business payment practices and performance under the Duty to Report requirements which are filed at Companies House. In addition, we produce our Annual Business Review which is published on our website, alongside our Annual Report and Financial Statements. We published our third Gender Pay Gap statistics in April 2020. Mace Limited is required to publish payment practices and performance statistics twice a year in accordance with Duty to Report. 
External auditors The Group appointed BOO LLP as auditors on 1 February 2019; 2019 being the second year that BOO have acted as auditors for the Mace Group, following their acquisition of Moore Stephens in February 2019. 2019 represents the 10th consecutive year of tenure of the audit partner and the Board have made the decision to retender the Group audit in fine with good practice. The Audit Reporting Committee is currently considering proposals and will decide on the outcome of the tender process in November 2020. 
As a private company, the Group is not subject to external restrictions in tenns of non-audit work provided by the external auditors, but for good governance has chosen to implement its own policy in relation to the level of their remuneration and the extent of their non-audit seJVices. 
Sub-Boards The Executive Board sponsor a series of sub-boards, which consist of the following: 
Dpc,a1ing divisions: Engines for Growth 
Health Safety and Wellbeinq Leadership Board The Health, Safety and Well being Board operates to monitor and review the development and delivery of the Group health, safety and wellbeing strategy, ensuring its plans are aligned to and enable the business to deliver the 2022 Business Strategy. Responsibilities include but are not limited to: • 
Reviewing and monitoring the Group health, safety and we I/being strategy to ensure it is aligned to the delivery of the 2022 Business Strategy; 
• • • 
• • 
Developing and monitoring the scorecard of key measures as agreed with the Executive Board; Setting the health, safety and wellbeing policies for the Mace Group; 
Provide direction and guidance to the HS&W team on changes to the strategy and plans to ensure delivery of programmes and initiatives remain on track. Support the HS&W team in developing roll-out strategies that will gain maximum traction across the business; 
Evaluation of the budget and investment in the health, safety and wellbeing agenda, and 
Champion the broad health, safety and wellbeing agenda within business units and across the wider Group, to achieve a consistent approach to corporate challenges,


People and Talent Board The People and Talent Board acts to ensure the delivery of the Group HR strategy. Responsibllities include but are not limited to: Reviewing and monitoring the Group HR strategy to ensure it is aligned to the delivery of the 2022 Business Strategy; 
• 
Developing and monitoring a scorecard of key measures agreed with the Executive Board and reviewed on a quarterly basis; Setting the HR Policies for the Mace Group; Providing direction and guidance to the HR team on changes to the HR strategy and plans to ensure delivery of programmes and initiatives remain on track. Support the HR team in developing roll-out strategies that will gain maximum traction across the business, and 
Identify developments (from other institutions and organisations) that could be considered best practice, considering and adapting these, as appropriate for possible introduction at Mace. 
Innovation Board The Innovation Board operates to monitor and review the development and delivery of the Group Innovation strategy, ensuring its plans are aligned to and enable the business to deliver the 2022 Business Strategy. Responsibilities include but are not limited to: • 
Setting the Innovation Policies for the Mace Group for approval by the Executive Board; Provide direction and guidance to the Innovation team on changes to the Innovation strategy and plans to ensure delivery of programmes and initiatives remain on track. Support the Innovation team in developing roll-out strategies that will gain maximum traction across the business; Identify developments (from other institutions and organisations) that could be considered best practice, considering and adapting these, as appropriate for possible introduction at Mace, and Champion the broad Innovation agenda within business units and across the wider Group, to achieve a consistent approach to corporate challenges. 
Responsible Business Board The Responsible Business Board was commissioned to lead the Group in the development and delivery of the Responsible Business Strategy. Responsibilities indude but are not limited to: Providing direction and guidance to the Responsible Business team on the Responsible Business strategy and plans to ensure delivery of programmes and initiatives remain on track; Identifying developments (from other institutions and organisations) that could be considered best practice, considering and adapting these; 
• 
Championing the broad Responsible Business agenda within business units and across the wider Group, to achieve a consistent approach to corporate challenges, and Commissioning of working groups, establishing appropriate objectives in accordance with the 2022 Business Strategy and monitoring progress for the duration of the working group. 
Group and Commercial Services Board The Group and Commercial Services Board operates to monitor and review the development and delivery of the Group and Commercial Services strategy, ensuring its plans are aligned to and enable the business to deliver the 2022 Business Strategy. Responsibilities include but are not limited to: • 
Setting the Group and Commercial Services Policies for the Mace Group for approval by the Executive Board; Provide direction and guidance to the Group and Commercial Services teams on changes to the strategy and plans to ensure delivery of programmes and initiatives remain on track. Support the Group and Commercial Services team in developing roll-out strategies that will gain maximum traction across the business; Identify developments (from other institutions and organisations) that could be considered best practice, considering and adapting these, as appropriate for possible introduction at Mace; Evaluation of the budget and investment in the Group and Commercial Services agenda, and 
• 
Champion the broad Group and Commercial Services agenda within business units and across the wider Group, to achieve a consistent approach to corporate challenges. 
Risk and Audit Board The Risk and Audit Board acts to monitor and review the development and delivery of the Risk and Audit strategy. Responsibilities include but are not limited to: 
Monitoring a scorecard of key measures set by the Mace Executive Board; • • • 
Setting the Risk and Audit Policies for the Mace Group under the authority of the Executive Board; Supporting the Risk and Audit team in developing roll-out strategies that will gain maximum traction across the business; 
Commissioning of working groups, establishing appropriate objectives in accordance with the 2022 Business Strategy and monitoring progress for the duration of the working group, and 
Pre-screening and making recommendations to the Mace Executive Board regarding corporate proposals which fundamentally affect future corporate strategy, culture, organisation, debUcapital raises and items of significant business risk.
