Leadership and Governance 
Statement by the Directors in Performance of their Statutory Duties in Accordance with sl72(]) Companies Act 2006 
Throughout this annual report, we provide examples of how we: take into account the likely consequences of long term decisions; build relationships with stakeholders; understand the importance of engaging our employees; understand the impact of our operations on the communities in the regions in which our airports operate and the environment we depend upon; and attribute importance to behaving as a responsible business. 
The Board of Directors are aware of and consider they have acted in accordance with their statutory duties under s 1 72( 1) of the Companies Act 2006. Consistent with these duties, the directors have acted in good faith, seeking to promote the longterm success of the Company for the benefit of shareholders and in so doing have had regard to their duties to: 
• the likely consequences of any decisions in the long-term; • the interests of the Company's employees; • the need to foster the Company's business relationships with suppliers, customers and others; • the impact of the Company's operations on the community and environment; • the desirability of the Company maintaining a reputation for high standards of business conduct; and • the need to act fairly as between shareholders of the Company.


The following paragraphs summarise how they fulfil those duties, with references, where appropriate, to the parts of the annual report of the ultimate parent, Manchester Airports Holdings Limited ('MAHL'), where further information is available. The report is available online at https://www.magairports.com/investor-relations/annual-and-interim-reports/. 
Stakeholder Engagement Stakeholder group 
Passengers With more than 200 destinations served 
from our airport, we provide the vital connections to allow people to travel for business and leisure. The passengers choosing our airports are the lifeblood of our business and providing the right 
services and destinations for them is critical to our success. 
Form of engagement 
How this stakeholder group influenced Board decision 
making 
Feedback from passengers is carefully reviewed and reported to the Board, including a regular independently administered survey, using the net promoter 
score. 
This year the Board received several reports examining the 
service levels offered to those passengers who require special 
assistance or have additional needs. Further details of the resulting 
actions taken and the necessary improvements that have been 
delivered this year can be found on 31 in the CSR Chapter of the MAHL annual report. 
Local communities 
We know that when our airports prosper, they bring benefits to local communities, providing employment, supporting local groups, education and skills. Impacts from airport and aircraft operations, including noise, emissions and congestion can negatively affect communities near our airports and need 
careful management. Colleagues Our people are at the heart of our 
business and are fundamental to its success. We aim to be a fair and 
responsible employer in our approach to the pay and benefits our employees receive, seek to provide an environment our colleagues can fulfil their potential and safeguard their health, safety and well-being. 
Regular and long-term engagement with local 
communities occurs at the airport, including formal 
consultative committees and informal community outreach. 
Further details can be found on page 31 of the 
MAHL annual report. 
Community views, including an independent materiality review were reported to the Board this year and were important to the development of a new CSR Strategy. Further details can be found on page 31 of the MAHL annual report. 
Colleague's views are 
considered through formal and informal channels. 
This year we introduced a new Group-wide colleague 
engagement survey, which will be repeated annually. This independently administered 
engagement survey, will assist the Board in assessing the strengths and opportunities to inform future work in this area. 
Feedback from colleagues was reported to and considered by the Board. The views of colleagues 
informed discussion about 
appropriate people policies. The Board has taken a close interest in 
the diversity and inclusivity of the workforce and has considered 
several relevant reports.


Stakeholder 
group 
Customers, partners and suppliers 
Establishing, developing and maintaining strong business relationships with our customers, business partners and suppliers is fundamental to the longterm stability and success of 
our business. 
We always seek to conduct business in a professional 
and collaborative manner. 
Our approach to procurement is accredited to the Corporate Certification Standard of 
the Chartered Institute of Procurement and 
Supply. This incorporates practices to make responsible procurement decisions which treat suppliers fairly, mitigate modem slavery, and ensure prompt payment. 
Industry, regulatory bodies, 
government and government agencies 
We help 
national and regional 
government to formulate and 
deliver their policies. We 
actively 
contribute to industry 
associations and promote 
the legitimate 
interests of our industry. 
The Company is a member of several trade 
associations linked to its interests including the CBI and AOA. Relationships are held with similar other industry associations such as Airlines UK (AUK) and BAR UK, to facilitate working on common issues and to provide for mutual support. 
At a more local level, Corporate Affairs teams hold local MP relationships, as well as with councillors, LEPs and local government agencies (e.g. the North West branch of the Department for International Trade). 
The Corporate Affairs team regularly meets 
with national government and elected representatives of all parties. This includes Government officials across a wide range of departments, members of both the House of Commons and the House of Lords, ministers and shadow ministerial teams, scrutiny committees like the Transport Select 
Committee and policy making bodies like the National Infrastructure Commission or 
Transport for the North. 
The team also hold relationships with regulators (the CAA) to ensure regulation meets the Company's needs. 
The board receives regular updates on Government policy and the work of the Corporate Affairs team, providing guidance on the direction this should travel to support THE COMPANY's future growth. This informs THE COMPANY's engagement with policy makers and regulators. 
Engagement with customers and business 
partners is critically important to Manchester Airport. The airport operates collaborative forums and one-to-one key account 
management meetings with all our business partners - including airlines, retailers, tenants and aviation service partners. Our Airport Consultative Committees bring these customer groups together with passenger and community representatives. 
Form of engagement 
How this stakeholder group influenced Board decision making 
This year the Board received a report on the programme of work undertaken to minimise the risk of slavery in all aspects of our business and approved a statutory statement, which will be published in the summer alongside the Group CSR Report.


Stakeholder group 
Shareholders Our shareholders invest in The 
Company as a long-term 
strategic asset with significant future growth potential. By taking a long- term view they 
underpin the sustainable growth of the business. 
Worm of engagement 
How this stakeholder group influenced Board decision making 
The Group, of which Manchester Airport Pie is part, has six board meetings each year and the Board is supported by sub-committees in strategically important areas including Audit, 
CSR and Remuneration. 
Shareholder representatives meet regularly with the executive team to ensure they are closely briefed, and they are supported by a team of highly experienced non-executive directors. 
The Company has enjoyed shareholder support to facilitate major infrastructure investments, such as the Manchester Transformation Project. This investment is crucial to the longterm success of the business. 
In response to the COVID- I 9 pandemic, shareholder support has allowed The Company to put in place a strong financial response incorporating significant cash mitigation measures, which together with equity support from shareholders will secure the recovery of the business. 
Taking a long-term view of risks and opportunities 
We operate a systematic process to identify risks and opportunities. Further information on our risk framework can be found on pages 13 to I 7. Our principal risks include the need to maintain a safe and secure operation, within a highly regulated sector; responding to changes that may arise as the UK exits the European Union; responding to changes in passenger levels and the UK and global economic outlook; and the need to attract and retain talented people. This year, increased risk associated with climate change informed the Board's view in agreeing a new commitment to transition MAG to a net zero carbon business by no later than 2038. Our assessment of risk is scrutinised by the and regularly reported to the Board, to allow the long-term consequences of decisions to be assessed.


Principal risks and uncertainties 
The key risks faced by the Company, including those arising from COVID-19, are aligned with those of the Manchester Airports Group ('MAG'). The table below summarises the key strategic, corporate and operational risks identified during the year, with details of the strategies for managing them and some of the potential opportunities they present: 
RISK MITIGATION STRATEGY 
COVID- At the outset of COVID- I 9 MAG activated our Group-wide business 19 
resilience and business continuity processes. 
We established a bronze, silver and gold command structure representing operational, Group and Executive functions. 
This ensured a consistent approach across the organisation which brought together colleagues from all functions in a joined-up response. 
Recognising the pervasive nature of the pandemic, we established top down and bottom up risk management processes. We compiled a 
COVID- I 9 strategic risk based on the organisational recovery strategy. The register highlights the risks to the achievement of a successful recovery and the mitigating actions we need to take to ensure we reduce the likelihood and I or impact of associated risks. It also provides a mechanism to facilitate and enhance governance processes through review and update of the risks and monitoring of the implementation of agreed actions. 
We have supplemented this via a series of bottom up risk registers 
focusing on MAG's successful recovery and the uncertainties faced across the business. In doing so we have taken into account guidance material and its application across our airports that has been published by UK Government, EASA and ICAO. 
Security We continue to heavily invest year-on-year in ensuring our customers, Breach 
employees and stakeholders remain safe and secure at all of our sites in the context of the current threat environment. 
We work closely with the Police and Government security agencies to ensure that our security facilities and processes meet the high standards required to respond to new and existing security threats. 
Drone related disruption at Gatwick, Heathrow and Dublin airports in 2018-19 illustrate a risk that has long existed on MAG's key risk registers. 
Working closely with operations and security colleagues as well as Government organisations MAG has revised and updated its approach 
to anti-drone controls to ensure we reflect on the lessons learned from events and the resulting guidance and advice. 
Our security facilities and processes are subject to extensive internal and external inspections and audits by regulators, external specialists and internal teams who regularly test the effectiveness of our security processes and identify opportunities for improvement. 
Whilst security is paramount, we also want our customers to 
continue to enjoy a positive experience at our airports. 
We look for opportunities to 
enhance the customer experience whilst maintaining the high standards of security our 
stakeholders expect, in particular working to minimise security queuing times through 
continuous improvement and innovative approaches to our security processes and facilities. 
OPPORTUNITIES 
The pandemic represents an uncertainly of unprecedented global impact and duration. As 
such it has provided a unique opportunity to test MAG's 
business resilience and continuity 
plans. Leaming lessons from this event will ensure MAG's already 
resilient structure is made even more robust to face future crises. 
The proactive measures we have taken demonstrate to our 
stakeholders the importance to MAG of being able to deliver high quality, safe and secure 
service as we seek to recover from the impact of the 
pandemic.


RISK 
Material sustained 
disruption to operations 
MITIGATION STRATEGY OPPORTUNITIES 
We have a clear process across the Group to identify the key factors that could cause significant disruption to our operations. Working with senior management we identify the controls and further actions 
required to minimise the likelihood of such events occurring where practicable, and the impact of these should they occur. 
Each of our sites has emergency response, crisis management and business continuity plans in place which are regularly tested and updated to ensure we are able to respond quickly and effectively to disruptions to our operations. Our insurance programme provides financial protection for a wide range of events and incidents causing operational disruption. 
Regular review and testing of our plans enable opportunities for improvement to be identified and implemented on an ongoing basis. 
MAG has invested a significant amount of time in 2019-20 to better establish business resilience and continuity across the Group. MAG has considered the mechanisms by which functions will respond to circumstances which could impact upon operations. This work has been undertaken to integrate joined up ways of working in MAG airports and across the Group as a whole. 
Major Health The Health & Safety of our customers, employees and stakeholders is & Safety 
incident affecting our 
customers or colleagues 
a fundamental priority for us. Robust Health & Safety policies, procedures and processes are in place, and compliance is monitored by our experienced team of Health & Safety specialists who undertake a programme of inspections and audits throughout the year. 
Health & Safety training is provided to all employees and briefings are provided to contractors and other visitors to our sites to ensure that key Health & Safety risks are understood and effectively managed. 
Our Health & Safety governance structure is designed to ensure that there is appropriate oversight of our management of Health & Safety risk and enables material risks to be quickly escalated and addressed. 
Regulatory risk 
Compliance with regulatory requirements is a priority for MAG, and 
we invest in extensive internal and external assurance to ensure we continue to be fully compliant across all aspects of our operations. 
We also deploy risk management evaluation criterion specifically for regulatory risk. Given the number and complexity of the regulatory requirements we are subject to, this allows us to articulate and compare our key regulatory risks using a comprehensive approach. 
We work closely and have strong relationships with our regulators to ensure we understand and can fully comply with their requirements. We strive to act quickly when opportunities for improvement are identified, and through our regulator relationships we are able to plan well in advance for successful responses to future requirements. 
Continuous improvement of our Health & Safety arrangements is a key focus for each of our operations. This is facilitated by our specialist Health & Safety Teams and underpinned by strong ownership and accountability by our management teams.


RISK 
'Brexit' MITIGATION STRATEGY OPPORTUNITIES 
The 2016 'Brexit' referendum decision and the continuing uncertainty concerning the outcome for the United Kingdom's future relationship with the EU and international trading options more generally , after the end of the transitory period presents a significant macroeconomic risk to the business, and the aviation industry faces uncertainty over the short and longer term impacts of the UK's exit from the EU. 
We monitor the economic environment closely and have ensured that our business plans are resilient to economic shocks through prudent scenario planning and sensitivity analysis. This, coupled with resilient foundations built during a successful period of growth, provides a positive long-term outlook. 
MAG will work closely with the aviation industry to ensure that the UK continues to enjoy liberal access to the EU aviation market. 
Whilst carefully monitoring and managing exposure to the risks, we will seek to ensure that the business is well positioned to take the opportunities Brexit may present. 
MAG is focused on ensuring our airports have the capacity and quality of facilities our customers expect in the medium and longer term in response to the issues created by the COVID-19 global pandemic. 
The uncertainty around Brexit and other potential economic shocks has provided the opportunity to review our product and geographical diversification. 
Delivering MAG has a successful track record of delivering major programmes. major 
programmes The 2019/2020 financial year saw the continuation of our biggest ever programme - the transformation of Manchester's terminal, airfield and car parking facilities. We continue to assess progressing with the proposed transformation of London Stansted Airport. 
We have established rigorous governance arrangements to ensure that all capital delivery programmes are progressed in a controlled manner, to high quality standards and with the minimum possible disruption to our customers. 
The design phases of the Stansted Transformation Programme and the transition towards construction of the Manchester Transformation Programme have given us the opportunity to raise the bar even higher for programme management and governance 
Opportunities to improve our existing capital delivery processes are being identified and implemented as the programme progresses 
At the start of the 2019-20 financial Manchester Airport experienced the biggest milestone to date in the transformation works with the opening of a new pier and multi- storey car park.


RISK 
Recruitment, development 
and retention of talented 
people MITIGATION STRATEGY OPPORTUNITIES 
Recruiting and retaining talent is critical to the success of our business, and this has been an area of significant focus in recent years. Our Talent Strategy aims to attract the best available people in the market and retain employees through a variety of 
initiatives including incentive schemes, career development programmes and mentoring to help them contribute to driving the success of the Company, whilst getting the very best out of their career at MAG. 
We are also adapting our recruitment approach in key areas such as 'digital' to reflect the changing external environment, where the competition for talent is high. 
Regular employee communications and performance reviews individually and collectively combined with regular communications from management and the use of employee engagement surveys enable colleagues to identify opportunities to improve the employee experience. MAG is transparent in communicating survey results and proactive in developing initiatives to deliver identified improvements. 
Cyber Security The security of our Technology systems, and in particular our 
customer, employee and stakeholder data are extremely important to us. We have a wide range of multi-layered defences within our Technology infrastructure to ensure that our systems remain operational and our data remains secure and have delivered a range of significant enhancements to our systems and network. 
We also run a security and education programmes for our colleagues and contractors to ensure they are aware of cyber risks and how to take action to mitigate them at an individual level. 
Contingency plans are in place to detect and respond to threats, security breaches and data loss, minimising the impact on our customers, stakeholders and the business. 
We have devoted significant resource to ensure that we have appropriate systems and processes in place to ensure our compliance with EU General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) Measures included ensuring appropriate governance, awareness and data assessment and storage capacity, overseen by a dedicated Group Data Protection Officer. 
MAG's Cyber Security Strategy sets out a programme of improvements to our Technology systems and infrastructure designed to ensure that the growth of our business is supported and underpinned by a secure and effective IT environment. 
Cyber Security Enhancements are reported through Cyber Security Programme Board and to the Cyber Security Steering Committee. This provides appropriate governance and oversight of our ongoing Cyber Security initiatives and includes work in progress to deal with changing Cyber threats and MAG's evolving digital online business.


RISK 
MITIGATION STRATEGY 
Climate MAG recognises the importance of Change 
social responsibility as an airport owner and operator. Maintaining public confidence is a high priority with inextricable implications on demand. 
As passenger numbers continue to grow and MAG develops the infrastructure to provide our guests with the best service possible, we are cognisant of the need to play our role in controlling carbon emissions and reducing our environmental impact. 
Compliance with Wates Governance Principles 
This Annual Report and Financial Statements have been prepared in adherence with The Wates Governance Principles for Large Private Companies which can be found at https://www.frc.org.uk. 
Manchester Airport Pie adheres to Wates Principles through the policies set by the Manchester Airport Holdings Limited (MAHL) Group, of which it is part. Details of how the Group applies the Wates Principles can be found in the strategic report of MAHL Annual Report. The responsibility for the Company's compliance with Wates is delegated to the Board of Manchester Airports Holdings Limited ('MAHL'), and further details can be found on pages 20 to 30 of the annual report and accounts for MAHL. 
Brexit 
Manchester Airports Group ('MAG'), the group of companies whose ultimate parent company is Manchester Airports Holdings Limited, and of which the Company is a member, has continued to work with industry partners to help shape the UK Government's approach to Brexit. 
MAG is confident that the UK Government and the EU recognise the need to provide continuity for aviation following the end of the transition period when new rules come into force on I January 2021. In particular, MAG welcomes the commitment from the UK Government that they are seeking to agree a Comprehensive Air Transport Agreement (CAT A) with the EU that includes provisions on market access for air services, close cooperation on aviation security, and collaboration on air traffic management. Maintaining the current regime in the long term, alongside other agreements with other countries, must be a priority of the Government, to help ensure that the UK continued to enjoy liberal access to EU aviation markets. 
By Order of the Board, OPPORTUNITIES 
The Sustainable Aviation Decarbonisation Roadmap represents joint working between airport operators, airlines, aerospace manufacturers and air navigation service providers. It provides a basis to tangibly reduce CO2 emissions. 
We are in open dialogue with Government through the Achieving Net Zero Board. This both influences and monitors Government action against promises they have made and is a forum to demonstrate positive work undertaken by the aviation sector and MAG specifically. 
We also continue to maintain MAG's position as a leader in the Net Zero campaign with an aim towards achievement of net zero carbon emissions by 2038 as outlined in MAG's CSR Strategy. This work is all underpinned by the fact that MAG airports were the first in the UK to be carbon neutral

