Leadership and governance
As we describe in the strategic report, this year has been unprecedented. It is a testament to a combination of the dedication,
resilience and strength of our senior management team (and in turn their teams, and our staff generally), their business resilience
plans, our Board's diverse skills and an appropriate governance and internal control framework that we have been able to navigate
the exceptional external challenges we have faced. At the same time, we have maintained our disciplined approach to safety
standards as the health, safety and wellbeing of our customers, staff and business partners are paramount.
MAG considers that strong corporate governance is a core foundation for any successful company and is committed to maintaining
the highest standards of corporate governance and adopting best practice as it emerges. The following Corporate Governance
Report, including the Board Committees Reports and Directors Reports, sets out how MAG applies governance standards in practice,
and reports against the Wates Principles, which MAG has adopted as its corporate governance code.
MAG places great importance on the Board's role in embedding a positive culture and values across the organisation. As noted in
the s172 statement below, the views of stakeholders, including employees' engagement is monitored by the Company's CSR
Committee, chaired by Vanda Murray. Furthermore, MAG recognises that diversity in its workforce provides access to a wider range of
talents, experience and skills, promoting greater creativity, innovation and high performance. Further information is provided in the
Nomination Committee section on page 25. This year the Board received a report of an independently facilitated materiality
assessment, that sought a broad cross-section of views. This report informed the development of a new CSR Strategy, with further
details set out on page 31 of this report. The Board's consideration of stakeholder views is described more fully in the s172
statement below.
This year the Board completed a strategy session looking at future opportunities for the development of the Group. In addition to a
continued focus on the core business operations, the Board continues to critically assess the potential of the MAG Airport Services,
including the digital strategy. The opportunities and challenges outlined in the joint statement on pages 3 to 5 of this report mean that
the Board needs to continue to maintain its robust scrutiny and healthy challenge of the executive team as they navigate through the
emerging risks and opportunities. In so doing the Board will support the executive to develop and implement a strategy that strikes
the right balance between incremental value creation and longer term evolution of the business model. To ensure we have the right
structures to support this work, this year we also reviewed the terms of reference for the Board Committees. There were no changes to
Board's constitution.
