Corporate Governance Statement 
For the year ended 31 December 2019, under The Companies (Miscellaneous Reporting) Regulations 2018, the Company has applied the Wates Corporate Governance Principles for Large Private Companies, which can be found at www.wates.co.uk/who-we-are/corporate-governance. The Directors have set out below, an explanation of how the Wates Principles have been applied during the 2019 year. The Company forms part of the Marsh & McLennan Inc. Group of Companies (the Group) and further information in respect of the Group's compliance can be found in the Corporate Governance disclosure of its sister company, Marsh Ltd's, Report and Accounts for the year ended 31 December 2019.


Principle 1 - Purpose and leadership 
"An effective board develops and promotes the purpose of the company, and ensures that its values, strategy and culture align with that purpose." Purpose 
The Company forms part of the Group, which is a global professional services provider, specialising in the areas of risk, strategy and people. These services are delivered through four businesses, namely Marsh, Mercer, Guy Carpenter and Oliver Wyman. 
The Company is a services company and the primary employer for employees of the Marsh, Guy Carpenter (GC) and MMC entities in the UK. 
Strategy 
2019 was a year of significant change and transition for the Company and the Group as a whole, following the completion of the acquisition by the Group of Jardine Lloyd Thompson Group pie (JL T) on 1 April 2019. 
The principal focus of the Company during 2019 continued to be that of an employing company. The Board received updates, and monitored matters relating to the Group's people strategy and culture, employee benefits and the ongoing benefits harmonisation work following the transaction. This included updates on the TUPE transfer process and the efforts to align the pension schemes, as well as reviewing updates on the London office relocation to the St. Botolph building. In addition, the Board retained a focus on a number of other matters which included the 2018 year end review process and the total compensation review, attrition rates, gender pay gap reporting, the Modern Slavery Statement, global mobility, changes in HR legislation and relevant internal policies, diversity and inclusion, the graduate and apprenticeship schemes and UK payment practices. The Board has discussed the feedback and actions arising from engagement surveys and the developing culture of the Group remains an important consideration. 
The Board has also received updates from a management committee considering health and safety matters and received copies of the minutes of the meetings of an Employee Consultative Forum, the Colleague Information and Consultation Forum (CICC). Going forward, efforts are being made to strengthen this relationship and members of the various employee representative forums have been invited to attend a Board meeting to provide an update on activities and raise any issues or matters of concern.


Principle 2 - Composition 
"Effective board composition requires an effective chair and a balance of skills, backgrounds, experience and knowledge, with individual directors having sufficient capacity to make a valuable contribution. The size of a board should be guided by the scale and complexity of the company." 
Chairman 
The Chairman is responsible for the leadership of the Board and its effective operation. The Chairman is an experienced and senior leader of the Organisation, a member of .the Marsh Executive Team and a director of the Marsh Ltd Board. He has served as Chairman of the Board since March 2016. 
Balance and Diversity & Size and Structure 
The Board comprises the Chairman and six other directors. The composition of the Board was strengthened by the appointment of three additional members in 2019 and its composition is appropriate in terms of skills and expertise for its purpose, comprising of senior leaders from the business, the Marsh and Guy Carpenter Human Resources functions, Finance and Operations. Appointments to the Board are approved by the Chief Executive Officer of the Marsh Ltd, UK and Ireland and, if appropriate, the Head of International of Guy Carpenter and Company Ltd (GC) before being approved by the Board itself. Of the Board of seven, three directors are female. The Group is committed to increasing the diversity of ·the Organisation as a whole, which is demonstrated through its commitment to the Women in Finance Charter to increase the number of females in senior grades to 25% by the end of 2023. In addition to this we have established a number of Colleague Resource Groups to help the Company better understand and support a wide range of inclusive constituents of our workforce. These groups include, Multi-Cultural, Women's and Family networks, Mental Health support, and Pride and Military Veterans group. We are also undertaking a number of actions colleague and manager training and a Summer Intern Programme open to applicants from local underprivileged communities. The Directors have equal voting rights when making decisions, except the Chairman, who has a casting vote. All Directors have access to the advice and services of the Company Secretary and may, if they wish, take professional advice at the Company's expense. 
Effectiveness 
Directors have access to induction materials on appointment. In addition, they are able to keep their skills, knowledge and familiarity with the Company up to date by meeting with other members of senior management, and by attending Group events and appropriate external seminars and training courses. An annual schedule of training sessions is developed by the Marsh Ltd UK Company Secretary in conjunction with the Chairman of Marsh Ltd and this is reviewed on a regular basis. Individual training can also be arranged by the Company Secretary on specific request.
Principle 3 - Director Responsibilities 
"The board and individual directors should have a clear understanding of their accountability and responsibilities. The board's policies and procedures should support effective decision-making and independent challenge." Accountability 
Terms of Refererrce for the Marsh Services Ltd (MSL) Board are being developed and will set out the Board's responsibilities as an employing entity. The Board meets four times a year (there is an additional meeting with a number of other entities, which is related to gender pay gap reporting) with ad hoe meetings held as and when required. In 2019, the Board met six times and considered the matters described outlined under Principle One. The Chairman is a member of the Marsh Ltd Board and provides an update of any significant matters at those meetings. The reporting has now been formalised and summaries of the MSL Board meetings are now circulated with the Marsh Ltd and Guy Carpenter and Company Ltd (GC) Board papers. 
Integrity of Information 
The Board receives reports on matters within its remit, which includes employee benefits and HR matters, at each scheduled Board meeting. Principle 4 - Opportunity and Risk 
"A Board should promote the long-term sustainable success of the company by identifying opportunities to create and preserve value, and establish oversight for the identification and mitigation of risks." Opportunity/Risk 
The MSL Board assists the Marsh Ltd and GC Boards in fulfilling the responsibility for ensuring that sound risk management and internal control systems are and operate within the Company's areas of responsibility.


Principle 5 - Remuneration 
"A Board should promote executive remuneration structures aligned to the long-term sustainable success of a company, taking into account pay and conditions elsewhere in the company." 
Policies 
The Marsh Remuneration Committee is a mechanism to provide regional governance and oversight of remuneration matters within the Marsh and GC UK and Ireland businesses. The Marsh Remuneration Committee is chaired by the Chairman of the Marsh Ltd Board, and is responsible for ensuring that the Remuneration Policy and compensation practices of the Marsh and GC UK and Ireland businesses are consistent with, and promote, sound and effective risk management, are in line with business strategy, objectives, values, culture, and the long term interests of the Group, encourage fair treatment of clients, and include measures to avoid conflicts of interest. In carrying out its responsibilities, the Committee considers: 
(a) the success and appropriateness of the risk and reward mechanisms available to the businesses to align the success of individual colleagues with the success of the business in a risk adjusted context; (b) benchmarks, at a market level, against the stated employee value propositions referencing both remuneration and benefits strategies; and (c) the extent to which remuneration structures support the business and development plans and succession planning needs. 
The remuneration packages of all executive directors, members of the Executive teams, and all other colleagues falling within the top 50 based upon remuneration, (including base salary, bonuses, performancerelated payments, discretionary payments, long-term incentive awards, share options and pension contributions) are reviewed and approved by the Marsh Remuneration Committee in order to ensure that executive performance is remunerated not only on financial performance, but also on measures that ensure the legal, regulatory and reputational health. 
As part the business's annual compensation process, the Committee reviews and challenges management on high level remuneration and performance data for all colleagues with a view to ensuring that remuneration proposals for the workforce as a whole are balanced, proportionate and aligned with the Company's commitment to building a diverse and inclusive workforce. 
A Gender Pay Gap Report is produced on an annual basis, which is carefully scrutinised and discussed by the Board prior to publication. The Company is committed to continue improving the Company's Gender Pay Gap. For further details in this regard, please refer to the Company's latest Gender Pay Gap Report which_ can be found at https://www.marsh.com/uk/about-marsh/gender-pay-gap. html. 
The MSL Board assists the Marsh Ltd and GC Board's in fulfilling the responsibilities within its remit and, in particular, in reviewing and monitoring employee benefits, the year end review and total compensation processes and the approach to diversity and inclusion matters and commitment to building a diverse and inclusive workforce.


Principle 6 - Stakeholder Relationships and Engagement 
"Directors should foster effective stakeholder relationships aligned to the company's purpose. The board is responsible for overseeing meaningful engagement with stakeholders, including the workforce, and having regard to their views when taking decisions." 
As part of the MMC Group of companies, the Board is conscious of the Group's purpose, namely, to generate value for its shareholder and to ensure the sound and prudent management of the firm, with due regard for the interests of the Company's other stakeholders, including clients, employees, suppliers and the wider community. 
Shareholder 
As a wholly owned subsidiary, the Board duly considers the views of its ultimate shareholder, Marsh & McLennan Companies Inc., and the interests of the Group as a whole as part of any major decisions and transactions undertaken by the Company. 
Distributions to the Company's shareholder are only considered after a full assessment of capital adequacy and the Company's ability to continue as a going concern into the foreseeable future to ensure investment in the future growth of the Company, balanced with stable and sustainable returns to the shareholder. Further information on dividends is set out on page 29 under the Notes to the Financial Statements. 
The Greater Good, which is the Group·s Code of Conduct, applies to all Directors and employees of the Company and it embodies the Group·s commitment to maintaining the highest ethical conduct and professional standards. These non-negotiable standards are outlined in the Greater Good, which emphasises the importance of building trust with colleagues, clients and the wider community. 
As part of the Group's ultimate purpose, the Marsh Ltd Board and the Marsh Executive are committed to ensuring that the Group, and where applicable, the individual group companies, make a positive difference for its clients, its employees, its communities and society at large. The MSL Board share this commitment. 
Clients 
The Company provides employment services to a number of group companies including Marsh Limited and GC. These companies provide risk, insurance and reinsurance services. Employees 
The Board recognises that, employees are key to the Group's strength and success. The Board and the Boards of its sister companies, including Marsh Ltd and GC, and the Executive teams are committed to ensuring high levels of employee engagement. The Chief Executive Officer, Marsh UK and Ireland, Head of International, GC, and the Executive teams understand the importance of leadership visibility and, in addition to regular Townhalls with colleagues, they frequently undertake visits to offices across the UK. Regular employee engagement surveys are conducted and results are carefully scrutinised by the Board and, also by the Marsh Ltd and GC Boards, to identify and implement actions for improvement. The Board monitors attrition rates and feedback from exit interviews, and absenteeism levels in an effort to identify emerging people risks and trends and to ensure appropriate action is taken to address these. Emerging people risks and trends are highlighted to the Board, and to the Marsh Ltd and GC's Boards, together with proposed action plans.


Principle 6 - Stakeholder Relationships and Engagement (continued) Employees (continued) 
Throughout 2019, and during preceding years, the Marsh group has had in place an Employee Consultative Forum (the Colleague Information and Consultation Committee (CICC) which represented employees from all offices and lines of business in discussions of a more formal nature with executive management. This has been instrumental in supporting colleagues through contractual and structural changes and acting as a sounding board for the Marsh Executive Team. Additionally in 2019, the CICC assisted with the appropriate consultation with employees who joined the Company through the acquisition of JL T. A separate committee made up of elected members of the JLT population was used to consult with employees, specifically on the TUPE Transfer. Early in 2020, the CICC was expanded to include members of legacy JL T population. The CICC comprises of elected representatives from across all offices and lines of business and includes legacy JL T employees. The Chairman of the CICC is elected from the employee representatives. The CICC meets regularly and is engaged to, for example, provide feedback to executive management on policy amendments, proposals for changes to benefits and to support colleagues when structure changes are proposed. 
Representatives of the various employee forums are now invited to attend a meeting of the Board to update the Directors on activities and any areas of concern. In addition, summaries of the MSL Board meetings are being shared with the Boards of its sister companies, Marsh Ltd and GC. 
In 2019, work to develop a definition of the culture for the Group was a key priority for the Board, the Marsh Ltd and GC Boards and the Executive teams. A programme has been developed with an external provider called MindGym. This comprises three elements, an all colleague survey to establish a base point for our current culture, the creation of a narrative statement to define the desired culture and a development/monitoring plan to achieve this. 
The Group and Company is committed to reinforcing a wholly inclusive culture across a truly diverse workforce. The Diversity and Inclusion goals and plan was presented to the Marsh Ltd Board in 2019, when Marsh Ltd signed up to the Women in Finance Charter. This included a commitment to achieve 25% of women being in our most senior roles by the end of 2023. Activity and progress toward this goal is regularly reported to the MSL and Marsh Boards. It is intended that the other businesses will look to make this commitment also going forward. 
It is the Group and the Company's policy to give full consideration to suitable applications for employment from disabled persons. Every effort is made, where employees of the Company become disabled, to retain them in their existing employment. 
The Company and Group are committed to ensuring a safe and healthy workplace and working environment for employees, contractors and visitors by providing adequate welfare facilities and maintaining suitable plant and safe systems of work. A further statement on Health, Safety and Environment is set out below on page 12 of the Strategic Report. 
The Company participates in two UK pension schemes. Both schemes are governed by an independent Trustee Board and another Group Company, Marsh & McLennan Companies UK Limited (MMCUKL), is the principal employer for both schemes. The Trustee Board is made up of both MMCUKL appointed and member nominated Trustee Directors. The Trustee Board is responsible for communicating and engaging with pension scheme members and does this on a regular basis, including through an annual newsletter. Members can also ask questions and provide feedback via the administration teams who support the pension schemes. MMCUKL engages with the Trustee Board as part of the Trustee Board's quarterly meeting schedule and through a Joint Working Group which is made up of representatives of both the MMCUKL and Trustee Boards.


Principle 6 - Stakeholder Relationships and Engagement (continued) Community 
The Company, and the Group as a whole, recognises that in a world facing increasing risk and uncertainty, supporting our communities is more important than ever before. To this end, the Group has established a committee, comprised of representatives from across its businesses in the UK, including a representative of Marsh, to focus on our Social Impact (formerly CSR) efforts in the UK. Given the Group's expertise in risk, strategy and people, our social impact efforts are focused on 'building resilient communities through mentoring and disaster response and rebuilding.' 
· 
By aligning its Social Impact programmes with the business priorities and experience, the Group is able to demonstrate its commitment to its communities in the UK while supporting the business. The Group partners with select strategic global non-profit organisations, including; the Cherie Blair Foundation for Women, Junior Achievement, Missing Maps and the British Red Cross in the UK and encourages colleagues to volunteer with its non-profit partners, for local causes that are important to them and their clients. 
Suppliers 
The Group monitors its relationship with its suppliers on a regular basis. Representatives of key suppliers are being invited to attend a Board meeting of the Company's sister Company, Marsh Corporate Services Ltd (MCSL) to update the MCSL Directors on activities and discuss any areas of concern. In addition, summaries of the MCSL Board meeting are being shared with the Marsh Ltd and GC Ltd Boards to aid communication. 
The Company is committed to ensuring that slavery and human trafficking is not taking place in any of its supply chains or any part of its business. Further detail on actions taken by the Company in compliance with the Modern Slavery Act 2015 is set out on page 14 of the Director's Report. 
The Company reports on its supplier payment practices on a bi-annual basis, and results are monitored by the· Marsh Audit Committee at its quarterly meetings. The Marsh Ltd Board consider the payment practice results biannually at the time of publication. The Company's latest results can be found at 
https://check-payment-practices.service.gov.uk/report/33584 
The Board acknowledges that efforts to improve the payment practices are required and with this in mind, an improvement plan has been rolled out, with progress monitored by the Marsh Audit Committee.
