Governance Corporate Governance 
responsible governance practice beyond listed companies to private limited companies. As a large private group which meets the threshold, the Group is required to disclose its corporate governance arrangements. 
Governance framework The Group has always endeavoured to apply the highest standards of corporate governance and has a goal of continuous improvement in governance processes. 
Although as a private limited group it is 
not subject to the UK Corporate Governance Code ("the Code"), the Board has taken account of the Code and related guidelines in developing the form of governance that is appropriate for the Group and its values. 
The Companies (Miscellaneous Reporting) Regulations 2018 (the “Regulations”) have been in force with effect from 1 January, 2019. The Regulations aim to extend sustainable and 
Application of Wates Principles Principle 
Principle One: Purpose and Leadership An effective board develops and promotes the purpose of a company, and ensures that its values, strategy and culture align with that purpose. 
Applied Applied 
Throughout the year ended 31st December, 2019, the Group and its key operating subsidiaries continued to operate under high standards of corporate governance which underpin the importance of the role of statutory directors, at both Group and subsidiary level. The Group’s governance framework is driven through its application (where practical) of the Code along with the full application of the Wates Principles which provide for a robust corporate governance framework. This is defined as the Marshall Group Corporate Governance Framework and is explained in more detail in this section. 
The Regulations also require the Group to report how the directors of Marshall Group entities have considered their duties under section 172 of the Companies Act 2006 during the financial year. This is set out on pages 34 to 36 of the Group Strategic Report and on pages 68 to 70. 
How Marshall has applied it 
• Through the leadership of the Board, a clear vision for the Group's purpose and overall values is articulated, which underpins and defines the strategy and culture of the organisation. This is embedded at every level of management. 
• Policies and protocols are in place to support the execution of the Group's purpose and values across the organisation, which drives overall engagement with employees, shareholders and wider stakeholders across the operating businesses. 
• Group wide initiatives such as LaunchPad and the 'One Company' ethic are examples of how purpose is brought to life and benchmarked. 
Principle Two: Board Composition Effective board composition requires an effective chair and a balance of skills, backgrounds, experience and knowledge, with individual directors having sufficient capacity to make a valuable contribution. The size of a board should be guided by the scale and complexity of the company. 
Applied 
• The Group operates through clear Board protocols and governance processes. These are set out in its terms of reference and standing items for the Board and its committees. This allows for both independent challenge and transparency in its decision making. 
• The Board is supported through the executive management team and its internal governance protocols including, for example, the ethics, operational risk management and other executive committees. 
• Accountability is driven through routine evaluations of the Board with a recent external Board evaluation having been undertaken in 2019. 
• The Board composition is balanced between executive and independent directors. 


 3 3


Principle 
Principle Three: Director Responsibilities The board and individual directors should have a clear understanding of their accountability and responsibilities. The board’s policies and procedures should support effective decision-making and independent challenge. 
Applied How Marshall has applied it Applied 
• Given the diverse nature of the businesses within the Group, Board appointments have been made with care and to ensure that its membership includes the right and appropriate levels of skills and experience to address the challenges that the business currently faces along with those of the future. 
• Through the company secretary's office, the Board has been given sufficient infrastructure to allow them to undertake their work with due care, which is aligned to achieving the Group's long-term success and vision. 
• The Board is focused on improving its operational governance to ensure that the Group's corporate purpose and strategy remains at the centre of its decision-making protocols. 
Principle Four: Opportunity and Risk A board should promote the longterm sustainable success of the company by identifying opportunities to create and preserve value, and establishing oversight for the identification and mitigation of risks. 
Applied 
• Through clear definition of the Group's corporate purpose and values, the Board's decisions are focused on promoting and delivering long-term value, at the heart of which are its customers and the City of Cambridge. This is embedded across the Group's key operating businesses and strategic decision-making areas. 
• Principal risks have been identified across the Group and at the operating business level with robust reporting to the Board on the plans to address and mitigate these. These are articulated in the annual report and are set out also in the viability statement. 
• The Board has carried out a deep dive of its risk appetite, which it defines as the level of risk it chooses to accept in pursuit of its strategic objectives. This identified ten key risk categories which are intrinsic to its consideration of appetite for risk, and which align with the published Group strategy. Each risk category has a unique series of performance metrics which provide guidance to the Group and business units. As part of the wider risk management process, each risk in the corporate risk register is linked to an appetite category. 
Principle Five: Remuneration A board should promote executive remuneration structures aligned to the longterm sustainable success of a company, taking into account pay and conditions elsewhere in the company. 
Principle Six: Stakeholder Relationships and Engagement Directors should foster effective stakeholder relationships aligned to the company’s purpose. The board is responsible for overseeing meaningful engagement with stakeholders, including the workforce, and having regard to their views when taking decisions. 
Applied 
• The Group's remuneration policy is set out and monitored by its remuneration committee with clear objectives to incentivise management based on the longterm success of its strategic goals and business plans. 
• Succession planning and talent retention are key focus areas at Group and operating business levels. 
Applied 
• Through the Group's defined purpose and overall 'One Company' ethic, stakeholder engagement is embedded at all levels of the organisation with clear direction and endorsement from the Board and senior management across each of the operating businesses. 
• The Group promotes an annual cycle of stakeholder engagement and has embarked on an ongoing programme to improve both its employee consultations and engagements with the appointment of a non-executive director with responsibility for employee engagement.


Governance Corporate Governance 
Board Key objectives: To be collectively responsible to the shareholders for direction, leadership, strategy and oversight to promote long-term success. 
Audit and Risk Committee Key objectives: To support the Board in its oversight of the Group’s financial reporting, internal and external audit, and internal controls, and to give assurance as to the risk management framework. 
Purpose and Leadership The Board has integrated the purpose and vision of the Group into its ongoing strategy and business model development and has aligned its purpose and strategy as set out on page 14 of the Group Strategic Report. The Group takes pride in its values and making them work as highlighted on page 13 of the Group Strategic Report, and is committed to embedding the right culture. Pages 35 to 39 give more detail on stakeholder engagement. 
Governance Model The governance model and key objectives which were refreshed at the start of the year and are set out below. All of the Committees operate under written terms of reference. 
Remuneration Committee Key objectives: To support the Board in fulfilling its responsibilities relating to the Group’s remuneration policies and procedures, incentive design and setting of targets, and review of executive remuneration. 
Nomination Committee Key objectives: To take responsibility for Board and committee composition, to lead the process for appointments and to ensure plans are in place for orderly succession. 
Strategy Committee Key objectives: To take responsibility for the preparation and submission of the Group strategy to the Board for its approval. 
Group Executive Committee Key objectives: To provide advice, guidance and challenge, and to act as a communication forum to ensure alignment of the strategies of the operating subsidiaries. 
Executive Ethics Committee Key objectives: To recommend objectives, policies and procedures that best serve the Group’s interests in maintaining a business environment committed to high standards of ethics and integrity, corporate responsibility and legal compliance and to approve overseas sales agency agreements. 
Operational Risk Management Committee Key objectives: To take responsibility for the oversight of the maintenance of the Group’s operational risk management plan. 
Treasury Committee Key objectives: To review, update and monitor compliance with the treasury management policy and record significant treasury decisions. 
Quarterly Business Reviews Key objectives: To monitor, challenge and review business performance across the operating subsidiaries. 
Major Bid and Programme Reviews Key objectives: To challenge and review bids, tenders and gateways with delegated authority and to review papers before submission to the Board.


The role of the Board The Board is responsible for the framework within which the Group operates and is collectively responsible to the Company’s shareholders for the direction, promotion and oversight of the Company to ensure its long-term success. It provides leadership for the Group, devises strategy, ensures the necessary resources are available, and sets controls and standards. In doing so, the directors comply with their duties under section 172 of the Companies Act 2006. 
Other core activities include obtaining assurance that material risks to the Group are identified, defining the Group’s appetite for risk and ensuring that appropriate systems of risk management and internal control exist to mitigate such risks, as well as responsibility for ensuring the effectiveness of, and reporting on, the system of corporate governance. It also monitors performance and approves budgets, major acquisitions, projects and contracts. The Board has a clearly articulated set of matters which are specifically reserved for its determination and has approved terms of reference for all Board committees. The Board is responsible for setting the levels of delegated authority, whilst retaining overall responsibility for the governance of the Group. 
The Board’s schedule of matters reserved includes: • strategy; • structure and capital; • financial reporting and controls; • internal controls and risk management; • authorisation and approval levels; • board membership; • delegation of authority and policy development; • corporate governance matters; • major acquisitions, projects and contracts; • dividend policy; and • section 172 protocol. 
Board Composition Board membership Information about the Board members and their membership of Board Committees is given on pages 56 and 57. As reported last year, the external evaluation of the operation of the Board carried out in the last quarter of 2018 supported the change made to the Board structure and composition whereby with effect from 1st April, 2019, Robert Marshall took up the new role of Vice Chairman, and Alex Dorrian became Executive Chairman. 
The Board considers the overall size and composition to be appropriate, having regard to the experience and skills that individual Board members bring to their duties. They are able to operate at a high level independently of each other, but also work together as a team. 
The Board considers that the skills and experience of its individual members, particularly in the areas of aerospace and defence, property, general business skills, corporate finance, governance, and risk management, have provided both support and challenge to the Executive Chairman, Chief Financial Officer and the executive management team during the year. This is in terms of the Group strategy as well as significant commercial projects and contracts. 
At the date of this report, the Board comprises the Executive Chairman, the Vice Chairman, four other highly experienced non-executive directors, three of whom are considered independent, the Chief Financial Officer and the Group Company Secretary. 
The Executive Chairman The Executive Chairman, working with the Group Company Secretary, sets the agenda for Board meetings and encourages an open and constructive debate. In addition to previous duties which continue, Alex Dorrian now attends and chairs a number of executive meetings and major programme reviews and is regularly in Cambridge. He also stepped down from the Audit and Risk and Remuneration Committees with effect from his appointment as Executive Chairman. 
Senior Independent Non-Executive Director The Senior Independent Non-Executive Director acts as a sounding board for the Executive Chairman and as an intermediary for other directors. She is responsible for holding annual meetings with the nonexecutive directors, without the Executive Chairman present, to appraise the Executive Chairman’s performance, and acts as the Executive Chairman’s deputy in his absence. Julie Baddeley continues to take on the responsibility of being the Senior Independent Non-Executive Director.


Governance Corporate Governance 
Board diversity The Board is, by necessity, a diverse group of individuals, with a variety of professional qualifications and experience across many sectors and industries. This level of diversity is needed to make sure the decisions made at this level have the right input and challenge. It is also important for the Board to try to understand and influence the culture around the business, which cannot be achieved solely from inside the boardroom. 
Non-executive directors The non-executive directors bring independent judgement on key issues affecting the Group and its business operations, including strategy, performance, resources (including key appointments) and standards of conduct. They provide constructive challenge to management and help develop proposals on strategy. The Board considers that three of the five non-executive directors were completely independent of the Group’s executive management and free from any business or other relationships that could materially interfere with the exercise of their independent judgement throughout the last financial year. Their independence of character and integrity, together with the experience and skills that they bring to their duties, prevent any individual or small group from dominating the decision-making of the Board. 
Designated employee engagement non-executive director The designated employee engagement nonexecutive director’s role is to understand the views of the workforce and identify any areas of concern; to communicate the views of the workforce to the Board and to ensure the Board considers the workforce in all its key decisions. Following his appointment to the Board on 1st March, 2019, Jonathan Flint has taken on this responsibility. 
Group Company Secretary The Group Company Secretary is responsible to the Board for ensuring Board procedures are complied with, and that directors are supplied with information in a timely manner. She is also the day-to-day contact for shareholders. 
Independence The Board is aware of the other commitments of its directors and is satisfied that these do not conflict with their duties as directors of the Group. The directors are responsible for notifying the Group Company Secretary if they become aware of actual or potential conflict situations or a change in circumstance relating to an existing authorisation. 
Ongoing professional development The Board ensures that new directors receive a bespoke induction programme covering, amongst other things: the business of the Group; their statutory responsibilities as directors; opportunities to visit business operations and meet with management and employees; and an introduction to the Marshall values code of business ethics and risk management framework. The Board is kept up-to-date on legal, regulatory and governance matters through regular papers from the Group Company Secretary and by presentations from internal and external advisors. The Board has established procedures to allow individual directors to seek independent professional advice at the Company’s expense for the furtherance of their duties. All directors have access to the services of the Company Secretary who is responsible for ensuring compliance with relevant procedures, rules and regulations. 
Board evaluation The external Board evaluation carried out in the last quarter of 2018 had an overall conclusion that the current Board governance is of a high standard for a private company of our size and stature. The Board has implemented its recommendations including the refreshing of the governance model and key objectives, and the change in Board composition. In the first quarter of 2020 an internal Board evaluation was carried out by the Senior Independent Non-Executive Director and the Group Company Secretary. 
Director Responsibilities Operation of the Board The Board has an annual calendar of meetings and operates through a comprehensive set of processes which define the themes to be considered by the Board and its Committees during the annual business cycle. This includes the purpose and vision of the Group, the level of delegated authorities, the Group’s business ethics, risk management, and health, safety and environmental processes.


The Board devotes much of its time to strategy and business planning issues that have an impact on the Group. The Board also met in 2019 for a two-day strategy and business planning meeting. 
The timetable is set in the prior year to ensure that sufficient regular meetings are scheduled and other meetings held, as required, for the Board and the committees to discharge their respective duties sufficiently. Board papers are circulated electronically via a secure system to facilitate the effective flow of latest information. If a director is unable to attend a meeting, they still receive and read the documents for consideration at that meeting, and have the opportunity to relay their comments prior to the meeting. 
The standing agenda items considered at every 
meeting include: • reports from the Executive Chairman and / or the Chief Financial Officer on strategic and business developments, together with relevant operational updates, employee engagement and the key actions taken since the previous Board meeting; 
• reports from the Chief Financial Officer which include commentary and highlights from the latest available management accounts, and where relevant, budgets and forecasts; 
• reports from the Group Company Secretary which include health and safety management, risk management, interactions with shareholders, and any key legal or regulatory issues that affect the Group; and 
• reports from the Group’s nominee directors on the Board of Marshall Motor Holdings plc. 
Board attendance The table below sets out details of all directors who have served during the year and includes details of each member’s attendance at the Board meetings held in 2019. There are separate attendance statements in respect of the nomination, remuneration and audit and risk committees on pages 71, 72 and 74. 
Director Alex Dorrian Julie Baddeley James Buxton Sean Cummins 
Jonathan Flint (appointed 1st March 2019) Robert Marshall Philip Yea 
Attendance 9/9 9/9 9/9 9/9 
7/8 * 9/9 
8/9 * * Unable to attend one meeting due to a previous commitment 


 
Board focus and activities during the year The activities undertaken by the Board are designed to assist them in the objective of supporting and advising executive management on the delivery of the Group’s strategy within a framework of effective corporate governance and to ensure the long-term success of the Group for customers, employees and wider stakeholders, to create shareholder value. The Board considers the meetings an effective mechanism for discharging its duties under Section 172 of the Companies Act 2006. 
The actions taken by the Board throughout the period reflected the strategic goals. The Board also regularly discussed governance, risk management and the Group’s financial performance giving particular consideration to the Group’s stakeholders and to ensuring that the culture is aligned with its purpose, values and strategy. The matters considered and the outcomes are set out below. 
The Group’s purpose, vision and strategy The Board has had full oversight of the progress of the Group strategy and transformation programmes during the year. At each meeting the Board has had the opportunity to question and challenge the work being undertaken. The June Board Strategy meeting was a two-day meeting held at an off-site location where the strategy for the Group was reviewed by the Board. Reading materials were circulated in advance of the meeting, setting the strategic market context and including updates on strategic initiatives, the strategy for each business, and updates on the Group’s financial performance and trajectory. The Board also reviewed the purpose and the vision of the Group. 
Review of principal risks As detailed on page 44, with respect to the risk of contract completion, the improvement in the Group’s cost control, engineering, risk management, and project control processes continued through 2019 and the Board is satisfied that both the costs and the programme continue to be in line with the integrated master schedule. With respect to the liquidity constraints risk, the Group has been within its covenant levels throughout the year and the bank facility agreement has been extended for a further 12-month period. 
Risk appetite The Board has undertaken a detailed review of its appetite for risk, identifying ten key risk categories which are intrinsic to its consideration of appetite for risk, and which align with the published Group strategy.


Board evaluation After carrying out an external Board evaluation in 2018, and implementing its recommendations in 2019, the Board initiated an internal Board evaluation, which was carried out in the first quarter of 2020. 
Operational performance updates The Board received regular operational performance updates from each of the Group’s key business streams, giving senior management the opportunity to interact with the Board. 
Contract bids and tenders The Board received and approved several presentations on new bids and tenders, giving senior management the opportunity to interact with the Board. 
Board visits The Board made several visits to the operational businesses to see aircraft in work, a mobilisation centre for a new contract win, and the new continuous improvement safety pillars. This gave employees the opportunity to present to, and interact with, the Board. 
Safety incidents The Board were briefed at each meeting as to whether any reportable incidents (RIDDORs), significant lost time incidents or airworthiness incidents have arisen, along with actions taken and the overall ongoing risk mitigation. 
Governance The Board were kept up-to-date on the proposed changes to the governance landscape for private businesses including both the Companies (Miscellaneous Reporting) Regulations 2018 and the Wates Principles and considered how best to maintain its high standards of corporate governance. 
Principal decisions The Board made a number of principal decisions which are explained in more detail in the Board Engagement report on pages 34 to 36. Matters determined to be principal decisions are those that are strategic, commercially material and impact the Group and / or the operating subsidiary stakeholders.

Opportunity and Risk Opportunity Part of the Group’s purpose and a key focus for the Board is creating long term value, by continuing to invest in its long-term future in areas of sustainable growth and opportunity and seeking to generate value for the business and its customers in all that it does. To help identify all future opportunities, the Board has undertaken a detailed review of its appetite for risk, identifying ten key risk categories which are intrinsic to its consideration of appetite for risk, and which align with the published Group strategy. The Group is willing to bear or retain risks that have been assessed as being within the levels set for each risk category. 
All of the Board’s principal decisions are those which should add to the long-term success of the Group whilst creating and preserving value. 
Risk management The Group recognises that risk management is a vital activity that both underpins and forms part of the vision, values and strategic objectives. Risk is present in everything the Group does and it is therefore the Board’s policy to identify, assess and manage the key areas of risk on a proactive basis. The Group seeks to embed risk management into the culture of the Group without introducing unnecessary bureaucracy. The aim for the risk management framework is that it is fit for purpose, reflects the size and nature of the various operations and uses the Group’s skills and capabilities to the full. 
For risk management to be most effective and become an enabling tool, the Board ensures that there is a robust, consistent, communicated and formalised process across the Group. The risk management policy and its supporting documentation form an integrated framework that supports the operating companies in the effective management of risk. In implementing the risk management system, the Group seeks to provide assurance to all stakeholders that the identification and management of risk plays a key role in the delivery of the Group strategy and related objectives. 
The Board involves, empowers and gives ownership of the identification and management of risk to all the operating companies. Risk management activity is regularly supported through discussion and appropriate action by the Group. This includes a thorough review and confirmation of the significant risks, evaluation of their mitigation strategies and establishment of supporting actions to be taken to reduce them to an acceptable level. The process to identify and manage risks is set out in more detail on pages 40 to 43. 


 
Internal control The Board has established what it believes is an appropriate control environment. The internal control system is designed to facilitate the identification, assessment and management of risk, the protection of shareholders’ investments and the Group’s assets. The system is designed to manage rather than eliminate the risk of assets being unprotected and the failure to achieve business objectives. Internal controls only provide reasonable and not absolute assurance against material misstatement or loss. The Board delegates responsibility for reviewing and monitoring the Group’s internal controls to the Audit and Risk Committee and the key features of the Group’s internal control systems are therefore set out in the Audit and Risk Committee Report on page 74. 
Board review of the effectiveness of risk management and internal control processes The Board confirms that it has conducted a review of the effectiveness of the Company’s risk management and internal control systems in operation during the year. The Board considers that the risk review activities addressed the key aspects of risk management and internal control for the year under review. 
Ethics The Board continues to ensure that the Group’s code of business ethics remains up to date with latest best practice and legislation. All new employees receive a copy of the code of ethics, along with the Marshall values booklet, and the risk management framework booklet, and are asked to reinforce these messages via an e-learning system. In accordance with the Group’s disclosure obligations under the Modern Slavery Act 2015, the Group has published its Slavery and Human Trafficking Statement on its website. The Executive Ethics Committee, which comprises the Chief Financial Officer, the Chief Operating Officer and the Group Company Secretary, has continued to operate during the year. 
Anti-bribery and the prevention of corruption The Group has internal procedures in place that are designed to ensure compliance with the UK Bribery Act 2010, and other international regulations and best practice relating to the prevention of corruption, which are applicable to its business. The Group’s anti-bribery and corruption e-learning is also mandatory for relevant new employees, along with regular refresher training for existing employees.


Governance Corporate Governance 
Whistleblowing Commensurate with best practice, and to ensure that the Group works to the highest ethical standards, the Group operates an independent whistleblowing procedure to allow staff to confidentially raise any concerns about business conduct. The Group operates an independent whistleblowing hotline, affording employees the mechanism by which to report concerns to a party unconnected with the Group. The whistleblowing policy is set out in the Group’s code of business ethics which is distributed to all staff and reinforced with a bespoke e-learning system. 
Tax strategic intent The principles which govern the Group’s management of its tax affairs are fully aligned with the Group’s wider commercial, reputational and business practices and are consistent with the Group’s values and commitment to good corporate responsibility. The principles are also fully aligned with the Confederation of British Industry’s seven tax principles, and consist of the following: • to manage the Group’s tax affairs responsibly and transparently; 
• not to use contrived or artificial structures to reduce tax liabilities; 
• to take advantage of the reliefs and incentives that exist, but show respect for the intention, as well as the letter of the law at all times in conformity with the Group’s values; 
• the Group is committed to conducting its affairs in a way that ensures a low risk tax rating, a classification first awarded by HMRC in 2009; 
• as part of its aim to conduct business safely, tax is considered in all significant business developments or acquisitions so as to assess fully any potential tax consequences of actions in advance and thereby reduce risk; 
• where required, proportionate external advice is sought from reputable professional firms; 
• there is skilled in-house resource so that the Group can adhere to these principles without exception. 
Remuneration The Remuneration Committee’s key objective is to support the Board in fulfilling its responsibilities relating to the Group’s remuneration policies and procedures. The Group’s remuneration policy remains focused on the attraction, motivation and retention of high calibre executives, who have a track record of achievement in high performing businesses, who demonstrate behaviours in accordance with Group values and who can deliver the Group’s strategic objectives in a manner consistent with both its purpose and the interests of its shareholders. The Remuneration Committee Report is set out on pages 72 to 73. 
Stakeholder Relationships and Engagement The Board Engagement with Stakeholders report can be found on pages 34 to 39. 
Dialogue with shareholders The Executive Chairman ensures that all directors are made aware of major shareholder issues and concerns by way of reports from the executive directors at Board meetings, attendance at key financial calendar events and by making themselves available to meet shareholders as required. 
The Board is committed to maintaining an effective engagement with shareholders to ensure a mutual understanding of objectives and to deal with issues of concern. Responsibility for communications with shareholders rests with the executive directors, assisted by the Group Company Secretary, and regular briefings and meetings are held with various shareholder groups. 
Annual General Meeting The Board recognises that the Annual General Meeting provides shareholders with an important opportunity to receive information on the Group’s business performance and to meet with the Board. All Board members were present at the 2019 Annual General Meeting. In light of COVID-19, the 2020 Annual General Meeting has been postponed to a date yet to be confirmed. 
Interim report 
In addition to the annual report, the Board also provided shareholders with an interim report, which highlighted progress on a number of key initiatives across the Group.


Interim briefing The Board held a more informal shareholder briefing in November 2019 to share the interim report and update shareholders on the direction of travel for the business. 
Terms of Reference The Board Terms of Reference enshrine the basis on which the Board will keep shareholders informed and, where appropriate, seek ordinary shareholder consent for certain major transactions or changes in ownership of major assets. 
Re-appointment of directors All directors are subject to election by shareholders at the first annual general meeting after their appointment, and to re-election thereafter by rotation.


Governance Corporate Governance Section 172 application 
The Group’s approach to the application of Section 172, to promote the success of the Group and its operating subsidiaries, regulates the behaviour and activities of the Board, as well as the boards and executive committees of the operating companies. 
1. Training Directors and senior management All Group directors and senior management have received training on their primary duties under the Companies Act and broader regulatory responsibilities. Group governance policies are in place to support these primary duties and broader regulatory requirements. The Group Company Secretary is responsible for maintaining a regular programme of training for directors, ensuring newly appointed directors receive induction training on Group policies and statutory duties. She is also responsible for keeping the Board up to date with regulatory changes and agreeing which matters should be taken to the Board (to ensure compliance and reduced regulatory risk and associated breaches). Where appropriate, training is extended to senior management to enhance their effectiveness in supporting the directors. 
Director briefings During 2019, several director briefings were held, attended by the Executive Chairman, operating company statutory directors and senior management. These were an opportunity for the directors to focus on the strategy and business of the Group. 
E-learning All statutory directors, those with delegated authority, and senior management undertake regular e-learning modules, including anti-bribery and business ethics.


2. Information Directors and senior management The directors are appraised of their duties under the current legislation and stakeholder reporting requirements and understand the importance of identifying the impacts of their decisions, and where relevant, the likely consequences of the decisions in the long-term. All statutory directors, and those with delegated responsibility, ensure that they are provided with sufficient information to understand stakeholder interests and relevant factors making a principal decision. 
Principal decisions The Board has agreed what information is required for principal decision-making and what is needed for ongoing oversight as part of the risk management framework. This is reviewed at regular strategy meetings. 
Stakeholder impact assessment A stakeholder impact assessment is made during the decision-making process. To allow the Board to evaluate and take into account all perspectives in decisions likely to affect stakeholders’ interests. The operating companies have identified their respective stakeholders and maintain these on a stakeholder register. On an annual basis, they review and confirm their key stakeholders, recording how the directors formed the opinion that they are key stakeholders. 
3. Policies and process Directors and senior management The Group has policies and protocols in place to support the execution of the Group’s purpose and values across the organisation, which drives overall engagement with employees, customers and wider stakeholders across the operating businesses. Group-wide governance policies and processes are designed to complement and promote the Group strategy. 
4. Strategy: opportunity and risk Risk management framework Directors’ duties are incorporated into the Group’s risk management framework and strategic decision making. Directors are required, and actively encouraged, to consider factors which will contribute to the company’s success, and those that are affected by the company’s operations. 
Looking forward Operational processes are built into the annual Board programme so that information relating to stakeholders impacted in key upcoming decisions is provided to the Board in advance of the requirement to make a final decision.


5. Engagement Principal decisions The Group has an agreed framework under which principal decisions require the approval of the Board. Where a principal decision is to be made an impact assessment is undertaken and documented for recommendation to the Board. 
Designated employee engagement non-executive director The Group has embarked on an ongoing programme to improve both its employee consultations and engagement. To help with this, Jonathan Flint has taken on responsibility for employee engagement. His role is to understand the views of the workforce and identify any areas of concern, communicate the views of the workforce to the Board and ensure it considers the workforce in its proposals. 
Employee survey Employees are consulted through an annual survey, on matters including fair deal, well-being, teamwork, their manager, giving something back, the environment, flexible working, recognition, development and benefits. Results of the survey are considered by the Board and fed back to employees via the business units. 
Alignment 
In 2019, the Alignment project commenced, with the intention of engaging with all staff through their employee representatives and trade unions across the Group. The aim was to modernise the employee value proposition whilst simplifying and ensuring consistency of employment terms by considering amendments to career structures, terms and conditions, flexible working, leave, pay, allowances and benefits. 
The businesses are now acting on the demand for clear career development opportunities, flexible terms of working, simpler, more transparent job levels and pay progression. As this programme will 
result in changes to terms and conditions of employment, consultation with employee and trade union representatives is in line with legal requirements. In addition, employees have the opportunity to contact the project team directly with questions and feedback as well as through their representative. 
Employee recognition Peer nominations are made to the Group for its annual Marshall Achievement, Values and Teamwork Awards (MAVTAs) which have become an important tool for recognising and rewarding the contributions made by many of our employees to the business. The 2019 awards saw some 250 finalists and their guests from across all areas of the business gather at the Imperial War Museum, Duxford for a gala dinner and presentation. 
LaunchPad The Group is a founding industry partner of the LaunchPad initiative in Cambridge, now managed by Form the Future, a community interest company in Cambridge. With the Group’s support, the Form the Future STEM (science, technology, engineering and mathematics) outreach programme, provides students aged 8 to 18 with experiences and opportunities designed to address the diversity issues which exist in STEM employment with the aim to improve gender diversity. Cambridge LaunchPad has raised the profile of the Group and allows for engagement with local businesses across Cambridge. 2019 saw 28 of Cambridge’s companies involved and over 7,000 young people participated in its activities. 
Operating companies Specific details of how Marshall Thermo King Limited and Marshall of Cambridge Aerospace Limited engage with their stakeholders can be found in the directors’ report of each company’s 2019 report and accounts.
