Corporate Governance Statement 
For the year ended 31 December 2019, under The Companies (Miscellaneous Reporting) Regulations 2018, the Company has applied the Wates Corporate Governance Principles for Large Private Companies, which can be found at www.wates.eo.uk/who-we-are/corporate-governance. The Directors have set out below an explanation of how the Wates Principles have been applied during the 2019 year. 
Principle 1 - Purpose and Leadership 
"An effective board develops and promotes the purpose of the Company, and ensures that its values, strategy and culture align with that purpose." Purpose 
The Company forms part of the Marsh & McLennan Inc. Group of Companies (the "Group"}, a global professional services provider specialising in the areas of risk, strategy and people. These services 'are delivered through four businesses, namely Marsh, Mercer, Guy Carpenter and Oliver Wyman. 
The Company is part of the Marsh & Guy Carpenter businesses which provides risk management, insurance services and reinsurance broking services to clients. 
It is a global leader in insurance broking and risk 
management. The business aims to help clients understand and manage risks, provides advice on emerging risks and helps ensure clients have the resilience to withstand the unexpected. Work includes interaction with clients of all sizes and in all industries and services including risk management, risk consulting, insurance broking, alternative risk financing and insurance programme management services. 
Strategy 
2019 was a year of significant change and transition for the Company and the Group as a whole, following the completion of the acquisition by the Group of Jardine Lloyd Thompson Group pie (JL T) on 1 April 2019. 
The principal strategic focus of the Board during 2019 has been to oversee plans for the successful integration of the legacy JL T UK business. In addition, work has begun to reshape the people strategy, values, organisational structure and culture of the Company with a view to ensuring that, following completion of the integration, these align with the Company's purpose and that its business and people are organised and deployed in a way that ensures the success of the Company in the long term. The Board established a sub committee to help focus further on this area. Preparations for Brexit also remained a key area of consideration.


Principle 2 - Composition 
"Effective board composition requires an effective chair and a balance of skills, backgrounds, experience and knowledge, with individual directors having sufficient capacity to make a valuable contribution. The size of a board should be guided by the scale and complexity of the Company." 
Chairman 
The Company has a Non-Executive Chairman who was independent upon appointment and until the en.d of 2019. She was appointed as a Non-Executive Director on 30 September 2010 and then as Chairman on 1 August 2013. It had been intended that the Chairman would retire as Chairman and as a director of the Company in the near future, having served as a director for just over nine years. However, following the announcement of the proposed acquisition of the JL T business, it was agreed that the Chairman's contract should be extended in order that the business would benefit from having an experienced Chairman to lead it through the acquisition and subsequent integration period. An executive search has been conducted in conjunction with an external research firm, to identify a suitable replacement. The Company is on track to have a new Chairman appointed and for a robust handover of duties to take place. 
The roles and responsibilities of Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of the Company are separate and documented in role profiles and Statements of Responsibility, which, as the Company is regulated by the Financial Conducts Authority Limited, comply with the requirements of the Senior Managers & Certification Regime. These defined roles ensure that there is a balance of responsibilities, accountabilities and decisionmaking across the Company. The Chairman is responsible for the ethical leadership and effective operation of the Board, including establishing the framework and procedures to govern the work of the Board and to support Directors in the discharge of their legal and regulatory obligations. The terms of reference for the Board set out those matters reserved for the decision of the Board and the authorities delegated to the Chief Executive Officer for the management of the day to day business of the Company. The Board operates in line with the principles of good conduct set out in MMC Group's ethical policy, "The Greater Good". 
Balance and Diversity & Size and Structure 
The Board comprises 14 directors which includes a Non-Executive Chairman, two other non-executive directors, the Chief Executive Officer, the Chief Financial Officer and Executives representing key areas of the business. Six of the directors were appointed during the year. 
Board members have a range of skills, expertise and experience in, amongst other things, the fields of insurance and reinsurance broking, accountancy and commercial management. 
Of the Board of 14, two directors are female. We acknowledge that currently there is a lack of gender diversity on the Board. This is a challenge faced by the industry as a whole. We are committed to increasing the diversity of the Organisation as a whole. One aspect of this, is demonstrated through our commitment to the Women in Finance Charter to increase the number of females in senior grades to 25% by the end of 2023. In addition to this we have established a number of Colleague路 Resource Groups to help the Company better understand and support a wide range of inclusive constituents of our workforce. These groups include: Multicultural, Women's and Family networks, Mental Health support, and Pride and Military Veterans groups. We are also undertaking a number of actions including colleague and manager training and a Summer Intern Programme open to applicants from local underprivileged communities. 
The Non-Executive Directors are responsible for bringing independent and objective judgment to deliberations, constructively challenging and monitoring performance of executive management and obtaining assurance that the Company's legal and regulatory requirements have been met.


Principle 2 - Composition (continued) Balance and Diversity & Size and Structure (continued) 
Following the appointment of a new Chairman, the Board is considering the appointment of additional Independent Non-Executive Directors to ensure that its composition remains appropriate to meet the strategic needs of the Company in the future and to reflect the increased scale of the Organisation as it integrates the JL T business in 2020. 
路 The Directors have equal voting rights when making decisions, except the Chairman who has a casting vote. All Directors have access to the advice and services of the Company Secretary and may, if they wish, take professional advice at the Company's expense. 
The duties of the Board are executed partially through committees. The Non-Executive Directors and Chairman are members of the relevant committees so that they are able to challenge and influence a range of areas across the Company, including Remuneration, Audit, Compliance, Risk and Board and Executive appointments. 
Effectiveness 
Directors have access to induction materials and undertake an induction programme which is tailored to their specific requirements on appointment. In addition, they are able to keep their skills, knowledge and familiarity with the Company up to date by meeting with senior management, and by attending Company Group events and appropriate external seminars and training courses. An annual schedule of training sessions is developed by the Company Secretary in conjunction with the Chairman and this is reviewed on a regular basis. Individual training can also be arranged by the Company Secretary on specific request. 
The Board and its committees undertook an effectiveness review towards the end of 2019. This was conducted by way of a questionnaire, individual meetings between each director/committee member and the Company Secretary, and separately, with the Chairman of the Board or Chairman of the Audit and Risk Committees, as appropriate. A review of the Remuneration Committee's effectiveness was undertaken early in the second quarter of 2020. Feedback from the effectiveness reviews has been shared with the Board/Committee members respectively and action plans agreed to deal with any matters.


Principle 3 - Director Responsibilities 
"The board and individual directors should have a clear understanding of their accountability and responsibilities. The board's policies and procedures should support effective decision-making and independent challenge." 
Accountability 
The Board has established a standalone governance framework, including clearly documented terms of reference for the Board. The terms of reference set out the Board's responsibility for leading and directing the affairs of the Company, with consideration for the interests of other stakeholders and there are clear delegations of authority in place between the Board, its Committees and the Chief Executive Officer of Marsh Limited. The Board operates a programme of five scheduled meetings a year, with ad hoe meetings held as and when required. In 2019, the Board met a total of 11 times and, in addition to its usual areas of focus, key discussion areas concerned transactions relating to the integration of the JL T business, Brexit and the culture of the Organisation. 
The Board has reserved certain principal matters for its own approval, and has delegated the day to day management of the Company to the Chief Executive Officer. 
The Chief Executive Officer is supported by the Executive team, which is comprised of the leaders of the main business areas and the Chief Financial Officer, the Chief Client Officer, the Chief Operating Officer, the Director of Risk and Governance and the Head of Human Resources. The Chief Executive Officer and Executive team members' roles and responsibilities are clearly documented. The Executive team meets generally on a weekly basis, with longer sessions on a monthly basis. There is also at least one all day session held once a year. 
Committees 
In addition, the Board has delegated certain governance responsibilities to its Audit, Risk, Remuneration and Nominations Committees, each of which have clearly documented terms of reference. The membership of these committees include Non-Executive Directors who provide independent challenge and support effective decision making. 
The Board and its committees regularly review the terms of reference to ensure that they remain fit for purpose, are adapted to promote good governance and meet the requirements of the Company as they evolve. 
Integrity of Information 
The Board receives regular reports on business and financial performance, key risks and opportunities, strategy, operational matters, market conditions, human resources, legal, compliance, and regulatory matters. 
Key financial information is collated by the Group's centralised finance function from its various accounting systems. The Group's finance function has the appropriate independence, expertise and qualifications to ensure the integrity of this information and is provided with the necessary training to keep up to date with regulatory changes. Financial information is externally audited by Deloitte LLP, the Company's External Auditor, on an annual basis, and financial controls are routinely reviewed by the Group's centralised internal audit function. Other key information is prepared by the relevant business and internal functions, which are also subject to periodic reviews by the internal audit function. The Audit Committee is responsible for monitoring the effectiveness of Group's internal financial control systems that identify, assess, manage and monitor financial risks, and the effectiveness of other operational and regulatory controls within the business. The Audit Committee membership includes two Non-Executive Directors.


Principle 3 - Responsibilities (continued) Integrity of Information (continued) 
The Audit Committee receives quarterly reports from the Finance Function, Compliance Function and MMC Internal Audit on control related findings and it monitors Executive Management's responses to these to ensure recommendations for remediation are implemented. The Committee is also responsible for overseeing the effectiveness and independence of the Internal Audit and Compliance functions . 
. The External Auditor, the Regional Controller, the Director of Risk and Governance, the Head of Compliance Monitoring and members of the Internal Audit Team are attendees at Audit Committee meetings, and have unfettered access to meet with the Audit Committee Chairman outside of the formal meeting programme throughout the year. 
Principle 4 - Opportunity and Risk 
"A Board should promote the long-term sustainable success of the Company by identifying opportunities to create and preserve value, and establish oversight for identification and mitigation of risks." Opportunity 
The Board considers the Company's annual strategic plan, which includes a consideration of long term strategic opportunities. Other, shorter term opportunities to improve business 'performance and achieve operational efficiencies are considered by the Board on an ad hoe basis. 
Risk 
The Risk Committee assists the Board in fulfilling its responsibility for determining the Company's risk appetite and for ensuring that sound risk management and internal control systems are maintained. 
The Risk Committee met six times in 2019 and its membership comprises two Non-Executive Directors and nine executive directors including the Chief Financial Officer. Each meeting is attended by the Director of Risk and Governance and the Chief Executive Officer, who report to the Committee on the material risks facing the Group which include operational, financial, regulatory and strategic risks. Executives and other Senior Managers attend the Risk Committee meetings during the year to report on significant risk issues and actions being taken to mitigate them, as required. 
The Risk Committee keeps under review, amongst other things, the Company's top risks including its strategic risks, the risk management performance of key business areas and conduct risks, as well as oversight of the effectiveness of the Company's risk management framework and operational controls. It reports upon these to the Board regularly and escalates significant risks to the Board on an ad hoe basis. 
On an annual basis (or more frequently if required), following review by, and upon the recommendation of, the Risk Committee, the Board approves the Company's Threshold Condition 2.4 regulatory capital requirement, Risk Management Policy and risk appetite statement.


Principle 5 - Remuneration 
"A Board should promote executive remuneration structures aligned to the long-term sustainable success of a company, taking into account pay and conditions elsewhere in the Company." 
Policies 
In accordance with regulatory requirements, the Company has in place a formal documented Remuneration Policy, which is reviewed by the Remuneration Committee periodically. 
The Remuneration Committee is not a formal Committee of the Marsh Ltd Board but a mechanism to provide regional governance and oversight of remuneration matters within the businesses. The Remuneration Committee is chaired by the Chairman of the Board, and is responsible for ensuring that the Remuneration Policy and compensation practices of the Company are consistent with, and promote, sound and effective risk management, are in line with business strategy, objectives, values, culture, and the long term interests of the Company, encourage fair treatment of clients, and include measures to avoid conflicts of interest. In carrying out its responsibilities, the Committee considers: 
(a) the success and appropriateness of the risk and reward mechanisms available to the business to align the success of individual colleagues with the success of the business in a risk adjusted context; 
(b) benchmarks, at a market level, against the stated employee value propositions referencing both remuneration and benefits strategies; and 
(c) the extent to which remuneration structures support the business and development plans and succession planning needs. 
The remuneration packages of all executive directors, members of the Executive team, and all other colleagues falling within the top 50 based upon remuneration, (including base salary, bonuses, performancerelated payments, discretionary payments, long-term incentive awards, share options and pension contributions) are reviewed and approved by the Remuneration Committee in order to ensure that executive performance is remunerated not only on financial performance, but also on measures that ensure the legal, regulatory and reputational health of the Company. 
As part of the Company's annual compensation process, the Committee reviews and challenges management on high level remuneration and performance data for all colleagues with a view to ensuring that remuneration proposals for the workforce as a whole are balanced, proportionate and aligned with the Company's commitment to building a diverse and inclusive workforce. 
The Company produces a Gender Pay Gap Report on an annual basis, which is carefully scrutinised and discussed by the Board prior to publication. The Company is committed to continue improving the Company's Gender Pay Gap. For further details in this regard, please refer to the Company's latest Gender Pay Gap Report which can be found at https://www.marsh.com/uk/about-marsh/gender-pay-gap.html.


Principle 6 - Stakeholder Relationships and Engagement 
"Directors should foster effective stakeholder relationships aligned to the company's purpose. The board is responsible for overseeing meaningful engagement with stakeholders, including the workforce, and having regard to their views when taking decisions." 
The Board has clearly outlined in its terms of reference its purpose, which is to generate value for its shareholder and to ensure the sound and prudent management of the firm, with due regard for the interests of the Company's other stakeholders, including clients, employees, suppliers and the wider community. 
Shareholder As a wholly owned subsidiary, the Board duly considers the views of its ultimate shareholder, Marsh & McLennan Companies Inc., and the interests of the Group as a whole as part of any major decisions and transactions undertaken by the Company. The Chairman of the Board and the Executive Directors provide the primary channel of communication between the Company, its shareholder and the wider Group. 
Distributions to the Company's shareholder are only considered after a full assessment of capital adequacy and the Company's ability to continue as a going concern into the foreseeable future and to ensure investment in the future growth of the Company, balanced with stable and sustainable returns to the shareholder. Further information on dividends is set out in the Notes to the Financial Statements on page 43. 
The Greater Good, which is the Group's Code of Conduct, applies to all Directors and employees of the Company and it embodies the Group's commitment to maintaining the highest level of ethical conduct and professional standards. These non-negotiable standards are outlined in the Greater Good, which emphasises the importance of building trust with colleagues, clients and the wider community. 
As part of the Company's ultimate purpose, the Board and the Executive team are committed to ensuring that the Company makes a positive difference for its clients, its employees, its communities and society at large. 
Clients 
The Company has in place an annual client engagement programme, which is tailored for the different client segments. The Chief Executive Officer, members of the Executive team and other senior managers in the business meet regularly to review the feedback. They also undertake reviews with clients to ensure that client needs are being met and, where appropriate, to refine and enhance service delivery. 
The Company is committed to ensuring all customers are treated fairly and that client interest is considered as part of decision making at every level within the Company including decisions to launch any new product or service. 
The Risk Committee monitors key conduct risk indicators, such as completion of employee induction and training, error and omissions and complaints data and trends, actions and time taken to address areas of concern to ensure positive client outcomes. The Board also receives high level reporting on conduct risks and escalations from the Risk Committee on any areas of particular concern. 
Employees 
The majority of contracts of employment and remuneration of employees are maintained by a fellow subsidiary company, Marsh Services Ltd (MSL). The Board recognises that employees are key to the Company's strength and success. The Board and the Executive team are committed to ensuring high levels of employee engagement. The Chief Executive Officer and the Executive team understand the importance of leadership visibility and, in addition to regular Townhalls with colleagues, they frequently undertake visits to offices across the UK.


Principle 6 - Stakeholder Relationships and Engagement (continued) 
Regular employee engagement surveys are conducted and results are carefully scrutinised by the Board to identify and implement actions for improvement. The Board monitors attrition rates and measures absenteeism levels in an effort to identify emerging people risks and trends and to ensure appropriate action is taken to address these. Emerging people risks and trends are highlighted to the Board together with proposed action plans. 
Throughout 2019, and during preceding years, the Company had in place an Employee Consultative Forum (the Colleague Information and Consultation Committee (CICC)) which represented employees from all offices and lines of business in discussions of a more formal nature with executive management. This was instrumental in supporting colleagues through contractual and structural changes and acting as a sounding board for the Executive Team. 
Additionally in 2019, the CICC assisted with the consultation with employees who joined the Company through the acquisition of JL T. A separate committee, made up of elected members of the JL T population, was used to consult with employees, specifically on the TUPE Transfer. Early in 2020, the CICC was expanded to include members of the legacy JL T population. The Chairman of the CICC is elected from the employee representatives. The CICC meets regularly and is engaged to provide, for example, feedback to executive management on policy amendments, proposals for changes to benefits and to support colleagues when changes in structure are proposed. 
Representatives of the various employee forums are now being invited to attend a meeting of the MSL Board to update the MSL Directors on activities and any areas of concern. In addition, summaries of the MSL Board meetings are being shared with the Marsh Ltd Board to aid communication. 
In 2019, work to develop a definition of the culture for the Company was a key priority for the Board and the Executive team. A programme has been developed with an external provider. This comprises three elements, an all colleague survey to establish a base point for our current culture, the creation of a narrative statement to define the desired culture and a developmenUmonitoring plan to help achieve this. 
The Company is committed to reinforcing a wholly inclusive culture across a truly diverse workforce. The Diversity and Inclusion goals and plan were presented to the Board in 2019, when the Company signed up to the Women in Finance Charter. This included a commitment to achieve 25% of our most senior roles being held by women by the end of 2023. Activity and progress toward this goal is regularly reported to the Board. In addition to this we are committed to taking action to drive inclusive behaviour and prevent any form of discrimination across all areas of our workforce, including race, sexual orientation and economic background. 
It is the Group and the Company's policy to give full consideration to suitable applications for employment from disabled persons. Every effort is made, where employees of the Company become disabled, to retain them in their existing employment. 
路 
The Group and the Company are committed to ensuring a safe and healthy workplace and working environment for employees, contractors and visitors by providing adequate welfare facilities and maintaining suitable plant and safe systems of work. A further statement on Health, Safety and Environment is set out on page 13 of the Strategic Report. 
The Company's sister company, MSL participates in two UK pension schemes. Both schemes are governed by an Independent Trustee Board and another Group Company, Marsh & McLennan Companies UK Limited (MMCUKL), is the principal employer of both schemes. The Trustee Board is made up of both MMCUKSL appointed and member nominated Trustee Directors. The Trustee Board is responsible for communicating and engaging with pension scheme members and does this on a regular basis, including through an annual newsletter. Members can also ask questions and provide feedback via the administration teams who support the pension schemes. MSL engages with the Trustee Board as part of the Trustee Board's quarterly meeting schedule and through a Joint Working Group which is made up of representatives of both the MSL, and Trustee Boards.


Principle 6 - Stakeholder Relationships and Engagement (continued) Community 
The Company, and the Group as a whole, recognises that in a world facing increasing risk and uncertainty, supporting our communities is more important than ever. To this end, the Group has established a committee, comprised of representatives from across its businesses in the UK, including a representative of the Company, to focus on our Social Impact (formerly CSR) efforts in the UK. Given the Group's expertise in risk, strategy and people, our social impact efforts are focused on 'building resilient communities through mentoring and disaster response & rebuilding.' 
By aligning its Social Impact programmes with the business priorities and experience, the Group is able to demonstrate its commitment to its communities in the UK while supporting the business. The Group partners with select strategic global non-profit organisations, including; the Cherie Blair Foundation for Women, Junior Achievement, Missing Maps and the British Red Cross in the UK and encourages colleagues to volunteer with its non-profit partners for local causes that are important to them and their clients. 
路 Suppliers 
The Group monitors its relationship with its suppliers on a regular basis. Representatives of key suppliers are being invited to attend a Board meeting of a fellow subsidiary company, Marsh Corporate Services Ltd (MCSL) to update the MCSL Directors on activities and discuss any areas of concern. In addition, summaries of the MCSL Board meeting minutes are shared with the Marsh Ltd Board to aid communication. 
The Company is committed to ensuring that slavery and human trafficking is not taking place in any of the Company's supply chains or any part of its business. Further detail on actions taken by the Company in compliance with the Modern Slavery Act 2015 is set out on page 15 of the Directors' Report. 
The Company reports on its supplier payment practices on a bi-annual basis, and results are monitored by the Audit Committee at its quarterly meetings. The Directors consider the payment practice results bi-annually at the time of publication. The Company's latest practices.service .gov. u k/report/27735 
results can be found at https://check-payment- 
The Board acknowledges its responsibility to monitor payment practices and progress monitored by the Audit Committee.
