Corporate Governance Report 

McDonald's is committed to high standards of corporate governance. We have a comprehensive range of policies and systems in place to ensure that our restaurants and business are well-managed, with effective· oversight and control. 
For the year ended 31 December 2019, under The Companies (Miscellaneous Reporting) Regulations 2018, the Company has adopted the Wates Corporate Governance .Principles for Large Private Companies (published _by the Financial Reporting Council in December 2018), 
Principle 1 - Purpose and leadership 
The McDonald's Corporate Governance Framework ("McDonald's Governance Framework"), which is available at https://www.mcdonalds.com/gb/en-gb/newsroom/mcdonalds-corp-governance.html,, sets out our global and local brand promise - "making· delicious feel good moments easy for everyone through running great restaurants" - as well as our core values ("Values"), such Value_s. being embedded into our day-to-day behaviours and ethical decision-making, Our Values are: 
l, We place the customer experience at the core of all we do - Our customers are the reason for our existence, We demonstrate our appreciation by providing them with quality food and great service, in ·a clean, welcoming environment, at great value. 
2. We are committed to our people - We provide opportimity, nurture talent, develop leaders and reward achievement We believe that a team of well-trained individuals with diverse backgrounds and experiences, working together in an environment that. fosters respect and drives high levels of engagement, is essential to our continued success, 
3, We believe in tµe "McDonald's System" - The McDonald's business model, depicted by the "threelegged stool" -of: :franchisees, suppliers and company employees, This is our foundation, and the balance of interests amongst these three groups is key, 
4, We operate our business ethically- Sound ethics is good business, At McDonald's we hold ourselves; and conduct our business, to high standards of fairness, honesty and integrity, We are individually accountable and collectively responsible. 
?- We give back to our communities - We take seriously the responsibilities that come with being a leader. We help our customers build better communities, support charitable organisations such as Ronald McDonald House Charities, and leverage our size, scope and resources to help make the world and local communities a better place, 
6, We grow our business profitably- the entire McDonald's group works collectively to provide sustained profitable growth for our shareholders and other stakeholders, This requires a continuing focus on our· customers and the health-of the McDonald's System, 
. 
7, We continually strive to improve - We are a learning organisation that aims to anticipate and respond · to changing customer, employee and McDonald's System needs through constant evolution and innovation, 
Our Governance Framework will evolve as we as a business respond to· the ever-changing economic and environmental landscape, and the complex challenges that demand us to coine up with innovative solutions and collective action whilst maintaining our focus on our growth and core values,


Principle 2 - Board Composition A biography of each of the 
Directors is available on the company website, 
https://www.mcdonalds.com/gb/en-gb/newsroom/leadership-team.html. The Board comprises of the Chief Executive Officer ("CEO"), local Senior Vice Presidents ("SVPs") and the General Counsel ("GC"). 
We acknowledge that there. is no formal separation of Chairman and CEO roles or independent directors, and a relative lack of diversity on the Board. However, the size and composition is appropriate to a focussed, local operating company of a US quoted corporation, and we remain committed to developing a more diverse workforce and leadership team. 
During 2019, Henry Trickey (SVP - Development & IT), Gareth Helm (SVP- Marketing) and Tina Dekker . (GC & SVP - Legal, Franchising & Compliance) were appointed to the Board. 
Director Appointments All local SVPs and the local GC are appointed as Directors on the Board. This ensures the Board is equipped with the appropriate balance of skills, experience and knowledge of the Company to enable it to discharge its duties and responsibilities effectively. 
A structured training programme exists based on the individual's needs, skills and experience for .those Directors new to the McDonald's System and senior leadership who are appointed to the Board. Directors also receive comprehensive guidance from the Company Secretary on the McDonald's Governance Framework and the Wates Principles including training and development, as well as their duties as Directors on the Board. 
Principle 3 - Director Responsibilities The Board 
Responsibility for good governance ultimately lies with the Board: The Board is collectively responsible for the long term success of the UK business and achieves this through its oversight of the business and 
· restaurants, generating value for the Company's stakeholders as well as contributing to our wider communities. 
In exercising its duty to promote the success of the Company, the Board is responsible for overseeing the. management of McDonald's in the UK and, in so doing, may exercise its powers, subject to any relevant laws, regulations and the Company's Articles of Association. The Board bears legal responsibility for the acts carried out on its behalf and enforces standards of accountability - all with a view to enable senior management to execute their responsibilities fully and in the interests of the Company's stakeh.olders. 
The Executive 
The Board has delegated responsibility for day-to-day management of the Company's business to an Executive team (the "Executive"). The Executive is lead by the UK CEO and SVPs and is made up of all 
· SVPs arid selected senior leadership covering all core areas ofresponsibility for the UK business. The role of the Executive and SVPs are separate to the positions of the Board, with a division of responsibilities between the running of the Board and executive responsibility for their core functions within the UK business. 
The Executive also leads on the direction of the business (as determined·by the Board from time to time), with the exception of the following reserved matters which require the approval of the Board: 
1. the establishment of effective procedures for monitoring and control of operations including internal procedures for audit, risk and compliance;


The Executive (continued) ·2. reviewing the Company's accounting and financial reporting practices and reviewing the Company's financial and other controls; 
3. significant transactions or other material business decisions including any acquisition, disposal, investment, capital expenditure or realisation or creation of a new venture; 
4. · execution of activities in line with the current Global Authorisation Matrix set by Mc;Donald1 Corporation; 
· · · s 
5. company-wide policies on ·strategy, corporate governance and risk (both financial and non-financial management); 
6. matters that the Board is required by statute to do; and 7. such other matters as the Board may from time to time determine. 
Iri performing its oversight function, the Board is entitled to rely on the advice, reports and opinions of management, counsel, auditors and outside experts. 
Operation of the Board 
The Board formally met once in 2019 in the.month of September, but now aims to meet formally twice a year. This ensures that Directors focus sufficient time on key areas and that the Board's time together is used effectively. On the rare occasion that a Director is unavoidably unable to attend a Board meeting, they receive a briefing of items on the agenda, prior to the meeting, so that their comments and input can be · taken into account at the meeting. 
· The success of the Company for the benefit of all of its stakeholders is the driving factor behind all decisio~s 
· made by the Board. Decision making processes are structured to enable Directors to evaluate the merit of proposed business activities and the likely consequences of its decisions over the short, inedium and long term. The Board carefully considers the impact of the business on communities and the environments in which the Company operates. Due cop.sideration is paid to McDonald's stakeholders, including but not limited to our customers, suppliers, employees and McDonald's Corporation. In all of its activities the Board requires that our employees and suppliers conduct business with high ethical and professional standards by adhering to our "Sta!;ldards of Business Conduct" set by McDonald's Corporation. 
The Board met once in 2019 and approved: . 
. 
1. Updated Articles of Association and Directors Terms of Reference 2. The Business Plan and capital investment for 2020 3. The declaration ofa dividend 4. All regulatory reporting . 5. The sale of the Company's shares in 2 joint"venture entities 
The Board also received formal training on their director duties. Principle 4 - Opportunity and Risk Risk Manageme'!t Structure 
At McDonald's, we seek to maintain our high standards set by McDonald's Corporation whilst balancing the risks. By carefuily aligning our risk appetite to the global strategy, ~e aim to deliver sustainable longterm shareholder returns for the Company, as well as franchisee profitability. An example of this would be


Risk Management Structure (continued) 
how we have proactiyely invested in the technology in our restaurants, in which the associated risks are assessed in proportion to the inve-stment, to improve both the customers' experience as well as the environment for our employees. 
All of McDonald's activities involve the measurement, evaluation; acceptance and management of risk or combinations ofrisks. 
In the UK all McDonald's employees are responsible for the management of risk, proportionate to the relevant employee's role and level of experience, with the ultimate accountability residing with the Board. 
_ We liave a strong risk culture, which is embedded through clear and consistent communication and appropriate training for all empl9yees, alongside corresponding risk and compliance managementtools. This risk framework underpins our strategic priorities, reinforced by our Values, helping us to identify current and future risks so that we may take decisions to prevent and limit risk while managing any material impact on our finances, reputation or business mod_el. 
The-Board and Executive receive monthly reports from management including updates from all areas of the business· including business strategy and insights, operations, corporate relations, IT & digital, franchising and finance, which it takes into account in its discussions and decision making. Additional nonfinancial disclosures detailing the policies pursued by the McDonald's Group in relation to the workforce, the environment, social matters, human rights, anti-corruption and anti-bribery matters are also received by the Board and the Executive. 
- 
_ Our continual and thorough engagement with franchisees, suppliers ~d employees (outlined in more detail at Principle 6 below) gives us a unique insight into all aspects of our business as well as the wider market, from a restaurant level all the way to market trends. This ensures we are able quickly to identify risks as well as opportunities for the wider McDonald's System. 
· Business Planning 
The Plan to Win ("PTW") process is the means by which we collate, consolidate and refine the Company's, _future business plans. There is a three year planning cycle and ideas are generated and developed through four Planning Teams (called "P Teams"): People, Restaurants, Food, Marketing and Brand Trust. 
These P Teams are cross-functional teams made up of subject matter experts from McDonald's departments, as well as four or five franchisee representatives: Each P Team also has an Executive sponsor and Executive National Leadership Group representative and holds a series of meetings throughout the year to continue the prioritisation· of ideas and plan development, where insight is shared and ideas debated. 
Our Supplier Plan To Win framework is a unique tool which aligns McDonald's and supplier strategies to deliver business benefit for the Company and its stakeholders. Food and paper suppliers submit a PTW documen·t annually, setting out innovative projects that meet our business needs and supply chain priorities. 
Where relevant, additional research is conducted and business cases developed to.support decisions taken. The teams regularly report progress back at PTW meetings, at which members of the Executive and our franchisee community are present 
· Brexit 
McDonald's has taken a proactive approach to preparing for Brexit, and managing the potential impacts on the system. Four key areas ofrisk have been identified: supply chain assurance; tariff impact; inflation and currency impact, and EU labour access. 
· · · · 
Mitigations plans for each have been developed in partnership with supply chain partners, with the goal to prevent a gap in the supply of any product for our UK and Ireland restaurants, and continue to provide a great service to our customers under a range of scenarios, including a no deal Brexit. The Executive anp a cross-functional Brexit working group has developed recommendations and implemented robust action plans.


Principle 5 - Remuneration · All employees' base and bonus remuneration, including Directors and the Executive, is benchmarked regularly against the market to ensure this is consistent with the industry and no Directors are involved in deciding their own remuneration. Directors are not compensated for their services as Directors. 
Principle 6 - St~keholders 
Employee Engagement Our people are absolutely key to our success. Whether they work in our restaurants or our offices, we would not be able to run great restaurarits without them. That is why we work hard to create jobs and opportunities for all our people, regardless of gender, age or life stage. Those who want career progression or simply a way to earn a wage and pay the bills. 
We strive to create an environment where our values are not just words but are put into practice, promoting positive and productive behaviour every day. We invest time and resources communicating with our people, designing programmes to educate and encourage the highest standards of conduct. This reflects our vision to run great restaurants, renowned for our food, ·people and results. 
Understanding how our people feel about McDonald's is vital. It helps us ensure that we are giving them the right support to achieve their potential and to serve our customers well. We have open door policies all year roun·d but this is also done through a number of specific forums with results filtered back to the Board. 
·These procedures ensure that the Board and Executive engage regularly with both our office staff and our restaurant crew on a host of areas, including programmes relating to pay and benefits and are updated regularly on how everyone feels about working at McDonald's. 
Employee Surveys - We undertake quarterly employee surveys to allow everyone in the business to comment on how they feel about their role at McDonald's and we have embarked on a "Big Conversation" with all our restaurant crew and managers to drive the conversation about how our people feel about their work. Some of the specific surveys we conduct include: 
(1) Love to Listen - We conduct these four times per year -these are sent to all our office and operations 
teams. The aim is to regularly establish sentiment from all employees using 10 questions for our restaurant based employees and 12 questions for office and operations hierarchy. These surveys focus on giving employees the opportunity to feed back. This gives our leaders the opportunity to act on this feedback. The key measurement for these surveys is the question "How satisfied are you with your job at McDonald's?". 
°(2) Global Pulse - Our Global team conducts these surveys two times per year and these are sent to our office based employees only. These results are used in conjunction with all other listening suites to develop action plans for better ways of working. 
· 
(3) Town Halls - Our town halls are a monthly business update, presented by the Executive and senior leadership teams at our East Finchley Head Office. Each Town Hall has a different theme and will give staff the opportunity to hear from other departments about their upcoming plans and initiatives. We also announce our monthly service awards and the holiday awards at these meetings. 
Franchisee Engagement 
While McDonald's is a global brand, our franchise model means we are also a collection of small businesses, focussing on what is important to each local community. Of our UK restaurants, 90% are run


Franchisee Engagement (continued) by franchisees, arid that number is growing. Our franchisees are the owners of their businesses; they live and work in the areas where their restaurants are located. They are our eyes and ears in the localities in which they operate, and share with us insights provided by their people, their customers and the communities they serve. 
. 
We engage with our franchisees on all decisions that affect restaurants, ensuring that decisions are appropriately debated before being implemented and are.made for.the long term benefit of the wider system. 
The Board has the responsibility, through core functions, to engage with local franchisees in initiatives and programmes. This local community presence is foundational to our brand and is crucial to our ability to both identify and respond quickly to risks for the business as well as proactively look for opporttmities that will continue to drive the business forward. 
The Board engages regularly with our franchisees along with the Executive across a range of channels, including: 
(1) Franchisee Engagement Sessions - Franchisee insight and input is gathered via our Franchisee Engagement Sessions. All franchisees are invited to sessions held across the UK. These sessions are led by the Business Strategy & Insight team and are a critical step in the planning process enabling franchisees to generate ideas and influence the creation of McDonald's business plans. Engagement Sessions take place every year. 
(2) Market Quest - Market Quest is a customer closeness programme that feeds into our planning. Planning team leaders, the Executive National Leadership Group ("Exec NLG"), our franchisee leadership group, and the Executive have the opportunity to talk with, listen to, and see research from customers to help shape considerations for our planning. Keeping abreast of how customers are feeling and how their lives are evolving is central to the Market Quest objective. 
· · The outputs from Market Quest and the Franchisee Engagement sessions are passed to our Planning Teams 
. for further consideration and are then prioritised by the P Teams based on our strategic priorities and key business and consumer opportunities. In 2019, we held 6 sessions with 142 of our franchisees attending these sessions, 
(3) Executive National Leadership Group Meetings - The Executive and Exec NLG together host meetings throughout the year to discuss the strategic direction of the business. In 2019, we_ held five Executive National Leadership Group meetings .. · 
(4) Franchisee Roadshows - The Executive travel across the country to host Franchisee Roadshows. These Roadshows are an opportunity for the Executive to share key business updates and initiatives, to capture franchisee feedback and to answer questions. There were three roadshows in 2019, visiting four locations across the country on each occasion - the Midlands, Manchester, Heathrow and Dublin. The sessions are always very well received, questions mainly steering around Finance, Delivery and IT. 
(5) Plan to Win - The Exec NLG meetings are complemented by the PTW process described above. 
(6) Franchisee Consultants - Each of our franchisees has access to the support of a Franchisee Consultant. Our Franchisee Consultants have on average twenty years of experience within the McDonald's System, the majority of whom have worked in Operations for much of their career. 
Franchisee Consultants have an astute understanding of all commercial and operational aspects of the business including driving profitable sales, developing people strategies as well as having a rounded understanding of the wider business landscape, and are therefore well-equipped to support and consult our franchisees on both the day-to-day challenges their. restaurants and organisations face, as well as their longer-term strategic investment decisions. 
Supplier Engagement 
As well as our franchisees, McDonald's relies on its suppliers for success. We are proud supporters of British and Irish agriculture, working with over 23,000 British and Irish farmers who supply quality produce


Supplier Engagement (continued) 
for our menu, as well as businesses who help us create more sustainable packaging. We have an extensive supply chain across the UK and Ireland and we believe that the brand, franchisees and suppliers, all contribute to our success; our 'three legged stool' approach. 
· 
We have long-term relationships with many of our suppliers, some extending over 40 years. Such long term relationships encourage collaboration and enable suppliers to make decisions for the long term, giving them the confidence to invest in their businesses. In ord.er to meet our continued volume growth, suppliers need to invest in future capacity, which involves significant capital investment in equipment arid infrastructure. 
Long-term commitment to supply McDonald's in the UK, has enabled our s~ppliers to grow with us and drive positive change within their own businesses. 
Our Supply Chain and Sustainability function has a broad remit, from ensuring products and ingredients meet our food safety, quality and traceability expectations from farm to front counter, to the transportation of goods from supplier to restaurant, procurement of all food and paper, as well as responsibility for our nutrition, sustainability, agriculture, packaging and recycling strategies across our supply base. 
We are committed to using our scale for good. As one of the UK and the world's largest restaurant businesses, we recognise that we have a responsibility and an opportunity to act on some of the most pressing social and environmental challenges in the world today. With our unparalleled reach across the UK, in hundreds of communities, we are acutely aware that we have a real opportunity to create change. Our Scale for Good (which is McDonald's flagship global environmental strategy) targets are set at a McDonald's Corporation level but are implemented locally. At a market level, we have a number of local initiatives that complement our overarching goals. 
Each of our Scale for Good priorities comes to life through leadership. from local franchisees and crew, investments in local community partnerships, engagement in the communities of farmers and suppliers, and through the experiences pf millions of customers in their local McDonald's restaurants. As part of our Global Scale for Good targets, we are taking a range of measures with targets on: Climate Action;.Beef Sustainability; Packaging and Recycling; Commitment to Families; and Youth Opportunity. In addition to the Supplier Plan to Win framework (described above) these measures include: 
(1) SAVES - SAVES is a supplier led council comprising of elected suppliers and McDonald's supply chain representatives. The SAVES group aims to leverage collective knowledge, scale and talent within the supplier community to drive forward McDonald's business plan and supply chain priorities. This is .achieved through collaborative projects that deliver benefit across the system. 
· 
(2) Supply Chain Conferences - Our annual Supply Chain Conference is held every year in November for all food and paper suppliers. We set out our business ambition and priorities for the year ·ahead and recognise suppliers and individuals at our Supply Chain Awards Ceremony. In 2019, we had over 250 attendees. 
(3) Supplier Roundtables - We host annual supplier roundtables inviting .senior executives representing strategic supplier partners within our supply chain. Led by members of our Executive, we encourage open discussion and transparency to understand challenges and opportunities facing businesses now and in the future. 
In 2019, two Supplier Roundtables were held in October and December, which were hosted by our CEO and CFO. 20 suppliers in total were represented. 
· 
(4) Supply Chain Committee - The primary objective of the Supply Chain Committee is to seek and share opinion on Supply Chain priorities and operational activities. ·Tue franchisees on the Supply Chain Committee engage with McDonald's to represent the view of the franchisee community and communicate and consult appropriately with McDonald's.on any UK business tactics.
