Wates corporate governance principles for large companies 
The Companies (Miscellaneous Reporting) Regulations 2018 require certain large companies to include a statement as to which corporate governance code has been applied and how during the financial year. McLagan Investments Limited (the "Company") qualifies for this disclosure and has chosen to adopt the Wates Corporate Governance Principles for Large Private Companies (published by the Financial Reporting Council (FRC) in December 2018 and available on the FRC website), which incorporates 6 key principles: Purpose & Leadership, Board Composition, Director Responsibilities, Opportunity & Risk, Remuneration and Stakeholder Relationships & Engagement. 

These new corporate governance reporting requirements apply to companies reporting for financial years starting on or after I January 2019 and companies are able to adopt the Wates Corporate Governance Principles as an appropriate framework when making a disclosure regarding their corporate governance arrangements. 
The Company is part of the wider ASDA group of companies (the "Group"). The Company's immediate parent company, ASDA Group Limited plays an important role in the overall governance of the Group. This role is described in more detail in ASDA Stores Limited's corporate governance statement (the "ASL Wates Statement") in 
the directors' report in the financial statements of ASDA Stores Limited which are available at ASDA House, Southbank, Great Wilson Street, Leeds LSI I SAD. 

The board of ASDA Group Limited (the "Board"), with the support of the ASDA Real Estate & Investment Committee ("ARIC") (further detail of which is available in the Strategic Report) plays an important role in the governance of the operations of the Company, including consideration and approval of key commercial decisions which materially impact the Company and its operations. The Board and ARIC meet monthly and both meetings include both directors of the Company (the "Directors"). Details of the directors of ASDA Group Limited who served during the year are included in the financial statements of ASDA Group Limited which are available from ASDA House, Southbank, Great Wilson Street, Leeds LSI I SAD. 

Purpose and Leadership 
The Company's purpose is to hold investment properties and rent these properties, predominantly to fellow Group companies but also to a limited number of third party tenants. Please see the ASL Wates Statement for visibility of the purpose of the wider Group. 
The Company does not have any employees and has limited third party stakeholders. The Company adopts the same beliefs, values and culture as the wider Group and is subject to the same policies and procedures. Please see the ASL Wates Statement for further detail. 

Board Composition 
Chair 
Board meetings of ASDA Group Limited and the Company are chaired by Roger Burnley (the Chief Executive Officer of ASDA Stores Limited), who is responsible for each board's overall effectiveness, promoting open debate and facilitating constructive discussion. Whilst Roger acts as both the chair and Chief Executive Officer, he has a direct reporting line into the ultimate parent company, Walmart; this structure provides independent review and scrutiny of the operations of the Board and the Company and individual director effectiveness. The scrutiny, review and support provided by the ultimate parent, Walmart, provides an appropriate amount of independent rigour and challenge to the operation and decisions of the Board and the Company.
Balance, Diversity, Size & Structure 
Dunng the year the board of the Company was comprised of Roger Burnley and Robert McWilliam. 
As noted above the Board (being the board of directors of the immediate parent ASDA Group Limited) plays a key role in the Company's governance. The Board and ARIC both meet monthly and make key decisions which where relevant, are carefully considered and if deemed appropriate, implemented by the Company. The composition of the Company board is considered appropriate to the size and scale of the Company's activities. It is considered that these two directors have the appropriate balance of background, skills, experience and knowledge to make and execute Company decisions, working closely with the Board (and ARIC). For further detail on the diversity of backgrounds, experience and skill of the Board, given the important role it plays in the governance of the Company, please see the ASL Wates Statement. Further detail on each director of the Board is also provided in the following web link: https://corporate.asda.com/our-story/leadership. 
The Board and the Company observe a Diversity and Inclusion policy. The Board and the directors of the Company continuously strive to increase diversity at all levels of the Group. 
Effectiveness 
The Directors have a formal appraisal process twice annually which consider performance and reward. Furthermore, there are periodic evaluations of the constitution and effectiveness of the board and additional appointments are made where necessary to deliver the appropriate diversity and expertise. 
The Directors have the benefit of Group wide on-going professional development programmes. This is delivered through a variety of means such as mentoring programmes, officer development days and various Group and W almart training courses, which ensure that the Directors have the most up to date knowledge and skills to ensure they are effective in their roles. 

Director Responsibilities 
Accountability The Board, including the directors of the Company, receive a detailed on-boarding pack detailing their accountabilities and obligations as directors. Any changes to a director's areas of responsibility and/or reporting lines are briefed to all employees of ASDA Stores Limited via colleague email communications. 
Furthermore, the Directors observe detailed corporate governance procedures and policies, much of which is derived from the corporate governance framework mandated by Walmart. This sets out clear guidelines as to which internal stakeholders within the Group and Walmart need to be aware of or involved in decision making on a relevant matter, ensuring that there are appropriate checks and balances before making decisions. The corporate governance framework also allows W almart to provide independent challenge to Directors and the Board by reviewing significant decisions that require Walmart input. The policies in place are reviewed periodically. 
Conflicts are carefully managed and monitored by Walmart. An annual process is completed to identify any conflicts. Additionally, on an on-going basis the Board, including the Directors of the Company, are asked to consider and report on any conflicts. Appropriate measures would be implemented in the event of any conflict. 
Committees. The Company and the Directors have not established any committees.
Integrity of Information 
The Board has established formal and robust internal processes which ensure that the systems and controls in place are operating effectively. This ensures the quality and integrity of information provided to the Board and the Directors of the Company is reliable, which allows for better and more informed decision making. As a wholly owned subsidiary of a publicly listed US-based company, the Company applies the financial control framework set out in Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, which mandates robust internal controls designed to prevent or detect material errors in the financial statements and ensures they are documented and certified to Walmart. Key controls within this framework are tested annually by the Company's and Walmart's internal audit functions, which act independently to monitor the Company's systems and controls and report any deficiencies in design or operation of controls to management such that appropriate and timely resolution actions can be taken. 

Opportunity and Risk 
Risk 
The Group has a risk management programme which facilitates identification, mitigation and ongoing monitoring of significant risks. The activities of the Company are captured within this risk management programme. The policies that facilitate delivery of the risk management programme are developed and overseen by ASDA Group Limited's compliarice Ethics & Audit'Committee:p1ease see the strategic report for full details of the risks identified and assessed. 
Opportunity 
The Strategy Delivery Forum, a cross functional team made up of senior leadership of the Group, meets monthly to assess progress against key strategic initiatives and opportunities for the Group as a whole. The output of this forum is shared with the Board, including the Directors of the Company. Where applicable, this forum would assess strategic initiatives relevant to this Company, to create and preserve value in the long-term. 

Remuneration 
The Directors did not receive any remuneration for their qualifying services as statutory directors of the Company during the year. The Directors provided qualifying services to other Group companies and their remuneration is paid by ASDA Stores Limited and disclosed in the financial statements of ASDA Stores Limited. 

Stakeholder Relationships and Engagement 
The Company's key stakeholders are its investors, its customers including both intercompany and third-party tenants and its suppliers, being third party lessors. 
For more information regarding how the Company considers its key stakeholders in the decision-making process, please refer to the detail set out in our Strategic report.
