Statement of corporate governance arrangements 
In June 2018 the Government introduced secondary legislation that requires all companies that meet specified size requirements to provide a corporate governance statement. Corporate Governance refers to the way that the Company is governed as well as the interaction between its managerial bodies, its shareholders and other stakeholders. The purpose is to adopt appropriate rules and procedures to support and improve the internal controls systems. The Company has reviewed the available Codes and decided that it will apply the Wates Corporate Governance Principles for large Private Companies. They provide a framework for the Company to demonstrate how the Board makes decisions for the longterm success of its stakeholders together with a disclosure as to how they ensure compliance with the requirements of Section 172 of the Companies Act 2016. 
The Company has reviewed the available Codes and decided that it will apply the Wates Corporate Governance Principles for large Private Companies which were issued in December 2018. They provide a framework for the Company to demonstrate how the Board makes decisions for the long-term success of its stakeholders together with a disclosure as to how they ensure compliance with the requirements of Section 172 of the Companies Act 2016. 
The Board recognises that 2019 saw the start of formalising the existing processes in a rigorous fashion and will continue to review and challenge the ways in which the Company can improve the relationship with its stakeholders. This has been most clearly demonstrated in the formation of two new Committees - the Audit and Risk Committee and Remuneration and Nominations Committee. 
Principle 1 - Purpose and leadership The McLaren Group was founded by Bruce McLaren and his ethos still permeates the o__rganisation to date. Bruce worked his way up through club races in and around his native Auckland and won his first grand prix at just 22. Thriving in the summit of the luxury automotive and motorsport world has bread a spirit of dedication. Our people maintain that commitment, courage and creativity throughout the business in the unremitting search for excellence.


McLaren exists to win, and it is this philosophy that has driven the company to its current position as one of the world's most illustrious luxury automotive, motorsports and technology brands. We do not compromise. 
McLaren Group Limited operates in the three distinct areas of Automotive, Racing and Applied, the "operating companies", and perpetuates stakeholder engagement through a formal shareholder agreement and by shareholder representation on the Board. Through concurrent meetings of the operating companies Management with the Board achieve a consistent approach and governance. 
We. support tpe communities 'Ve are proud to be -part of and aim to make a positive contriqution tQ improving people's life chances, especially those of young people. We understand the importance and benefit of having a broad range of skills, experiences, perspectives and backgrounds in our teams and that's why we continuously strive to attract, engage and retain a diverse range of talented people. Our purpose is communicated to the people through the intranet, weekly updates and regular Town Hall briefings led by the CEO and Executive Directors. To sustain our high level of engagement we regularly conduct surveys to understand employee insights to better appreciate what our people value . most about working at McLaren. We also offer a range of development opportunitjes, including formal programmes,. 
mentoring, coaching and e-learning that enable us to identify and develop the skills and knowledge we need to succeed now and in the future. 
Principle 2 - Board Composition The Group has a two-tier management structure where powers and responsibilities are distributed between the Group Board of Directors and the Executive Management. The Board of McLaren Group Limited reflects the interest and ambitions of our stakeholders and introduces perspectives originating in businesses outside those in which the Group operates. The Executive Management represent the Board of McLaren Automotive and have responsibility for the dayto-day management of the business and ensuring compliance with the strategic direction of the business. 
McLaren Automotive has a Chief Executive Officer with a management team who bring a wealth of automotive experience. The CEO meets the other Group CEO's at regular intervals to ensure that the values, approach and decision making across the Group is consistent and sustained. The Group believe that the size and composition of the Boards with their breadth of experience is appropriate to our business. The Remunerations and Nominations Committee has a planned Board Effectiveness review as part of their remit. 
Principle 3 - Director Responsibilities The Board has always maintained strong levels of corporate governance in the form ofregular Board meetings ofMcLaren Automotive Limited where the board actively engages with the process. As noted above the company has an Executive who makes key decisions with the advice of his management team and advisors using his specific industry experience. The roles of the directors are clearly established, and each has a clear understanding of his accountability and responsibilities. 
The Board has a formalised programme of meetings that is established at the start of each year and allows for time with each Executive and his team to understand the decisions made and devote the necessary time to strategic planning. The Directors are subject to a formal Dealing Policy that ensures that they do not abuse, and do not place themselves under suspicion of abusing, Inside Information. The Company Secretary is responsible for ensuring that annually the Directors disclose that they do not have any conflicts of interest. 
The Board receive monthly data on the main business activities for the company including the financial performances, legal and operational matters. The information is collated by the Automotive finance team who are recruited with the skills and expertise to safeguard the quality of the data produced. The Group does not currently have an internal audit function. Where understanding of control deficiencies is required, Automotive will establish a project team with the requisite skills or request that an independent advisor review the area in detail. 
Principle 4 - Opportunity and Risk The responsibility for maintaining sufficient and effective internal controls and risk management systems in relation to financial reporting is secured by Executive management. The Group has an Audit and Risk Committee that consists of Executive Committee members. The Committee's remit is to ensure that the inherent risks in all the business units are identified and managed appropriately, consistently and in a timely manner.


During 2019 the Committee focussed on ensuring that Governance was in place to ensure that the Group was compliant with the Wates Principles. The Company has systems and controls in place that manage, rather than eliminate, the risk of failure to achieve its annual plan. The Committee has endorsed a formal process for the collection and mitigation of risks which promotes a consistent risk register across all businesses to assess commonality in risks and trends. McLaren Automotive completed the appropriate review of risks and fed into this process. The output provides reasonable but not an absolute assurance against a risk materialising. The Committee has a stated desire to enhance the risk management framework as the results are collected and consolidated. Once the risks are analysed based on likelihood and impact of occurrence they are debated by senior management and the intention is to deep dive into the key and recurring items. SimiJarJy, data coJlection wiJI allow presentations to the committee that will focus on the·changes to those measures over time. Once considered by the Committee, the risk register is presented to the Group Audit and Risk Committee and the Group Board. Any points raised by the Board will be discussed in the subsequent Committee meeting. The Group promotes a culture of risk awareness and as such all employees should have the ability to identify key risks and a responsibility for the management of that risk. The risks themselves remain the responsibility of the relevant process owner. 
PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP were re-appointed as the Company's external auditors in 2019. The Board assesses the effectiveness of their performance every year after completion of the annual audit. 
Principle 5 - Remuneration The Remuneration and Nominations Committee's primary objective is to establish that remuneration is established in such a way that the Company and Group secures and retains quality senior management who can deliver the Group's strategy in a manner consistent with both its purpose and the interests of its shareholders. The Committee has clearly defined terms of reference and is responsible for making recommendations to the Board concerning the remuneration strategy and recruitment framework. Remuneration is aligned to the divisional performance targets. The directors' remuneration is disclosed in the Group and subsidiary financial statements. 
In 2018, the Group reported its Gender Pay Reporting for the first time. We are confident that men and women are paid equally for doing equivalent jobs. McLaren operate in the innovation, manufacturing, engineering and motorsports industries which all have historically higher proportions of male employees. Our gender pay gap is driven by the high proportion of men we employ within our business - within our most senior roles - coupled with the relative scarcity of women within our sector's talent pipelines. Each of our businesses has developed their own action plans to address their gender pay gaps but also pool resources and share best practice across the Group where appropriate. 
Principle 6 - Stakeholders The Board supports good governance practices within our businesses to deliver our Business Plan and to protect the brand, reputation and dealings with all our stakeholders including, but not limited to, our shareholders, customers, employees, suppliers, Government bodies and the local communities in which we work. The Board approves an annually updated Business Plan that aligns the company's strategy with the shareholders' long-term objectives for sustainability and growth. 
The Board is committed to social responsibility, community engagement and environmental sustainability. The Company has a sustainable business strategy with mature and well-designed sites and processes, external accreditations and a number of environmental awards. We are also working to extend environmental standards through our supply chain. McLaren assigns key individuals with the responsibility for implementation and provides the necessary management support and resources to enable these individuals to carry out their role. We encourage employee contributions, views, involvement and dialogue in all environmental matters. We will provide suitable training and support to all employees in relation to this policy, giving them ownership and pride in achieving our objectives and goals and recognising contribution as part of a fulfilling career at McLaren. 
The Board promotes transparency in the Group's dealing with external stakeholders and representatives of government supported by an active engagement across industry bodies and our stakeholder community. The Automotive team maintains an active engagement with the SMMT and the way in which the industry is managed. Automotive customers expect the service from a luxury car company that is met by a dedicated retailer network, after sales events and ongoing customer satisfaction engagement. 
Together with the Executive Committee, the Board has overseen several initiatives to improve employee relations by encouraging more flexible working practices and updating the intranet platform to share information, best practice, achievements and success. In addition to regular town hall briefings, half-yearly employee briefings delivered by senior management and recorded for delivery to all employees provides an awareness of the company's performance and allows individuals to raise questions and concerns. The Executive is aware of the results which are used to assess and react to workforce issues including corporate culture, employee engagement and satisfaction. The Company operates a defined contribution scheme in conjunction with advisors who are independent of the Group. The Pensions Committee meets regularly to ensure that the decisions made in relation to the Scheme reflect the interest of all stakeholders. The Group has a formal whistleblowing policy to support any employee who wishes to report any concern that they have while remaining anonymous