STATEMENT ON CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 
In accordance with The Companies (Miscellaneous Reporting) Regulations 2018, the Board adopted the FRC Wates Corporate Governance Principles for Large Private Companies ("the Wates principles") on 12 March 2019. In doing so, the Board noted that the principles were largely in line with the Company’s existing governance arrangements. The following provides details on how the Board has fulfilled the Wates Principles over the course of the year. 
Principle One - Purpose and Leadership 
As noted in the Strategic Report, the Company is BAC’s largest entity outside of the US and helps service the core financial needs of global corporations and institutional investors. The Company’s head office is in the UK with branches in Dubai and Qatar; along with a representative office in Zurich. The Company has the ability to conduct business with international clients and trade throughout the European Economic Area. 
The Board develops and promotes the purpose of the Company and ensures that its values, strategy and culture are aligned to it. The Board also approves the strategy for the Company on an annual basis. The 2019 MLI Strategy, in keeping with the broad BAC strategy of “Responsible Growth”, is developed to take account of the impact of the Company’s activities on its clients, employees, regulators and the wider community, and ensures the impact of any decisions take in to account the following: 
Responsible Growth: Grow and win in the market, within our client focused strategy, within our risk framework and in a sustainable manner. 
Operational Excellence: Work smarter for our clients and optimise the way we do business. 
Culture: Make MLI the best place to work: drive diversity, respect, meritocracy, and give back to the communities in which we work. 
The Board also formally adopts the BAC Code of Conduct, to which all employees are required to adhere and which defines the culture of the organisation as follows: “Our culture comes from how we run the company every day, by acting responsibly and managing risk well, which includes our commitments to honest and ethical behaviour, acting with integrity, and complying with applicable laws, rules, regulations and policies. We recognise that cultivating a strong culture is an ongoing effort, fostered day after day in both formal and informal ways. Building a unified culture requires thoughtful, purposeful action, and we do this by ensuring all of our employees from different businesses, companies, and countries are aligned to our purpose of making financial lives better...through the power of every connection.”


The Code of Conduct contains detailed requirements to ensure that employees abide by the principles of managing risk well, acting ethically, being fair and honest in communications, safeguarding and not misusing information, protecting the Company’s assets, conducting financial affairs responsibly, complying with all applicable laws and regulations, valuing each and every teammate and growing the business responsibly. 
See the “Employee Engagement” section for further details of how the Board engages with employees on matters related to the purpose and culture of the Company. 
Principle Two - Board Composition 
The Board is comprised of executive, non-executive and independent non-executive directors, who bring solid experience and the ability to challenge and be fully independent of the executive directors. The independent nonexecutive Chair provides a level of independent oversight to the proper execution of the governance activities of the Company and the Board. As required under relevant regulation, the Chairs of each of the Board committees are independent non-executive directors. 
The Chair has responsibility for chairing and overseeing the role of the Board and is responsible for leading the development of and monitoring the effective implementation of policies and procedures for the induction, training and professional development of all members of the Board, for leading the development of the Company’s culture by the Board as a whole and is responsible for the Company’s performance of its obligations under Fitness and Propriety as required by applicable regulation in respect of its notified non-executive directors. 
The CEO has responsibility, under the immediate direction of the Board, for carrying out the management of the conduct of the whole of the business (or relevant activities) of the Company. 
MLI is subject to requirements under UK and EU regulation regarding board size and composition and director suitability. The MLI Governance Committee, in consultation with the Company’s shareholder, the Company’s CEO and Chair, identifies and evaluates individual candidates for their qualifications to become directors and recommends qualified candidates to the Board to fill vacancies as the need arises. Before any appointment is made by the Board, the MLI Governance Committee is evaluating the balance of skills, knowledge, experience and diversity on the Board, and, in light of this evaluation, prepared a description of the role and capabilities required for a particular appointment. 
Pursuant to the terms of the charter for the MLI Governance Committee, in identifying suitable candidates the MLI Governance Committee shall consider the overall knowledge, skills, experience and expertise represented on the Board, as well as the qualifications and suitability of each candidate, taking care that appointees have sufficient time available to devote to the position. Furthermore, the MLI Governance Committee considers candidates from a wide range of backgrounds and considers candidates on merit and against objective criteria and with due regard for the benefits of diversity on the Board, including, but not limited to, gender. In addition, pursuant to the terms of its charter, the MLI Governance Committee is responsible for deciding on a target for the representation of the underrepresented gender on the Board and how to meet it (as required). 
All Board members, including the non-executive and independent non-executive directors participate in regular training and development activities appropriate to their roles. The effectiveness of the Board is regularly assessed by way of a formal review, and output from such reviews is used to develop actions to further enhance governance processes. 
Principle Three - Director Responsibilities 
MLI’s directors execute their responsibilities by way of appropriate governance structures including the Board and its Committees, in order to hold management to account. 
Examples of key activities performed by the directors through the Board and its Committees include annual review and approval of MLI’s strategic plan, in consideration of the capital plan, financial operating plan, liquidity requirements and risk appetite.


Strategic decisions relating to the Company are presented and discussed at the MLI BRC and the Board. The Board ensures suitable risk management and controls through the MLI BRC, the MLI Audit Committee, the MLI Governance Committee and the MLI MRC, also conducting periodic reviews of risk management strategies to ensure their continuing effectiveness. The "Risk Governance" section of the Strategic Report on page 5 contains further details. 
Principle Four - Opportunity and Risk 
The Board is asked to consider and, if it sees fit, adopt the BAC Risk Framework annually, which sets out the responsibility of the Board and its Committees for managing risk across the seven defined risk types: strategic risk, credit risk, market risk, liquidity risk, operational risk, compliance risk and reputational risk. Compliance with the Risk Framework is required to be assessed annually. The Board through the MLI BRC has a risk identification process, which through the application of the Risk Framework, guides the development of the risk appetite for the Company and the setting of risk limits which provide a structure for setting direction for the Company. The Board is responsible for approving the Company’s Risk Appetite Statement on an annual basis and monitors compliance with it on an ongoing basis. The Company’s Risk Appetite Statement is developed in consideration with the BAC Risk Appetite, BAC Risk Framework and principles of Responsible Growth. This overall Risk Framework enables the Board and its Committees to be able to identify the impact of decisionmaking on its stakeholders over the longer term. 
The main strategic opportunity for MLI is to continue to serve the core financial needs of global corporations and institutional investors and operate to grow and win in the market, with a client focussed strategy, within the Risk Framework and Risk Appetite, and in a sustainable manner, to provide long-term value to stakeholders. 
A culture of managing risk well is fundamental to the Company's core values and operating principles. It requires focus on risk in all activities and encourages the necessary mind-set and behaviour to enable effective risk management and promote sound risk-taking within the Company's risk appetite. Sustaining a culture of managing risk well throughout the organisation is critical to the success of the Company and is a clear expectation of the Company's executive management team and Board. For details of the principal risks and uncertainties and how the risk environment is managed, see the Strategic Report and note 29. 
Principle Five - Remuneration 
As a wholly-owned subsidiary of BAC, MLI’s compensation policies are aligned to BAC’s policies, while being fully compliant with EU and UK remuneration regulation. The MLI Governance Committee is charged with oversight of the development of, and implementation of the Company’s remuneration policies and practices to support risk management goals and also to encourage alignment with shareholder interests and the achievement of long-term, sustainable results in an appropriate manner. 
The cornerstone of BAC's remuneration philosophy across all lines of business is to pay for performance – Company, line of business and individual performance. Through the Company’s performance management process, employees understand performance expectations for their role through ongoing dialogue with their manager. The performance management process is designed and monitored by the Leadership Development function in Human Resources. This process is reviewed periodically so that it meets the needs of managers to assess and communicate performance expectations. Throughout the year, employees receive coaching on their performance and ultimately receive a rating for their full year of performance based upon their achievement of goals for their job. Each employee’s performance is assessed on quantitative and qualitative objectives as well as specific behaviours, and performance is factored into each employee’s incentive remuneration award. Depending on the employee, quantitative performance objectives may be focused on Company-wide, line of business, or product results. Qualitative performance objectives may include quality and sustainability of earnings, successful implementation of strategic initiatives, adoption of risk culture/adherence to risk framework and operating principles and other core values of the Company. The Company does not remunerate or assess employees' performance in a way that encourages employees to act in a manner that conflicts with the duties owed to the Company's clients.

Refer to the "Employee Engagement" section for further information. Principle Six - Stakeholder Relationships and Engagement MLI considers its key stakeholders to be its clients, shareholders, employees, regulators and the community. 
Stakeholders are apprised of Company’s position and prospects by structured reporting and communications. These include by way of example: public filings and disclosures (including Pillar 3 information); specific filings to regulators and tax authorities; and internal updates and meetings for employees. The Board is kept apprised of stakeholder communication. 
The Board reviews metrics associated with Stakeholder interests including, for example: business results, risk and control metrics, employee engagement, client complaints, and vendor payment performance. 
Refer to the “Section 172 (1) Statement” in the Strategic Report on Page 4 and the sections titled “Employee Engagement” and "Stakeholder Engagement" below for further information.


EMPLOYEE ENGAGEMENT 
The employees of the Company are fundamental to its success and the Board is responsible for overseeing meaningful engagement with the workforce. All activities are underpinned by policies with training, monitoring and evaluation processes in place to ensure that roles are fulfilled in an effective and consistent manner and in compliance with all applicable regulatory and legal requirements. In addition, the Board and its Committees have a key role in the oversight of MLI’s culture, setting the tone at the top and holding management accountable for maintaining high ethical standards. They do this in a number of ways, including: 1) regularly requesting and receiving quarterly updates from senior management on matters related to how MLI manages conduct risk, such as employee training and issue prevention, detection, escalation, management and reporting; 2) overseeing incentive plan design and governance processes to provide an appropriate balance of risk and compensation outcomes; 3) evaluating performance for executive officers across a range of factors, such as the manner in which results are achieved, accountability in driving a strong risk-management culture; 4) meeting with key managers below the senior-most management level to assess for themselves how conduct and culture expectations are cascaded throughout the organisation; and 5) reviewing on an annual basis the results of the global Employee Engagement Survey that are relevant to MLI, including the Engagement and Diversity & Inclusion indices. In addition, the Board and its Committees are routinely briefed on the metrics, benefits, programmes and policies designed to support the MLI workforce. 
The Company is committed to creating an inclusive workplace where everyone has the same opportunities regardless of their gender, gender identity, gender expression, marital status, race, colour, nationality, ethnic or national origins, age, religion, sexual orientation, responsibility for dependants or physical or mental disability. This is reflected in its Human Resources policies, guidelines and procedures. With regard to disabled employees specifically, applications for employment by disabled persons are fully and fairly considered having regard to the aptitudes and abilities of each applicant. Efforts are made to enable any employees who become disabled during employment to continue their careers with the Company. Training, career development and promotion of disabled persons is, as far as possible, identical to that of employees who are not disabled. 
The Company has nine employee networks which provide development and networking opportunities for the diverse employee population. MLI has signed up to the HM Treasury Women in Finance Charter, signalling its commitment to increasing the number of women at senior levels, and complies with disclosure requirements under the Equality Act 2010 (Gender Pay Gap Information) Regulations 2017. There are a number of programmes in MLI to support this outcome, including a development programme for all female Vice Presidents. The Governance Committee receives regular information on these programmes and initiatives.


The Company maintains a mandatory training programme, underpinned by a standard operating procedure and process, which is owned and monitored by the Compliance team. This includes training on, amongst other things, the Company’s Code of Conduct, whistleblowing, anti-money laundering, and market abuse. In addition, other training courses are made available to individuals to support applicable development in their individual roles. A further suite of training is provided to managers to ensure they are appropriately trained on how to communicate and have workplace conversations, effective delegation, giving feedback and coaching, promoting teamwork and inclusion and managing risk responsibly. 
See also "Principle Five - Remuneration", in the "Statement on Corporate Governance", above. STAKEHOLDER ENGAGEMENT 
As set out in "Principle Six – Stakeholder Relationships and Engagement" in the Statement on Corporate Governance, above, the Company considers its key stakeholders to be its clients, shareholders, employees, regulators and the community. 
There is regular engagement with clients by executive directors and management, with reporting to the Board on key aspects of client engagement and compliance with regulatory requirements regarding treating customers fairly and other matters. Furthermore, as required under relevant legislation the Company has a client complaints procedure and there is reporting to the Board regarding client complaints. The concerns of the Company’s sole shareholder are considered in a variety of ways, including through direct engagement between MLI nonexecutive directors and both BAC non-executive directors and BAC senior management, as well as by management's engagement with BAC senior management. The Board engages with employees through the employee engagement processes discussed in more detail in the "Employee Engagement" section above. Regulators have regular communication and dialogue with the Board to discuss their views on risks to the Company and the industry. The Board also reviews payment practices reporting and reports on vendor management programmes. The Company’s interaction with the community is primarily driven through its broader ESG programmes, which the Board oversees and which are discussed below. 
The Company as a wholly-owned subsidiary of BAC, delivers on its purpose to help make financial lives better through the power of every connection through Responsible Growth. An ESG perspective helps define how BAC delivers Responsible Growth and contributes to the work it does to help drive the global economy. 
Environment 
• Investing in the transition to a low carbon economy • Financing sustainable projects, energy efficiency, greenhouse gas emissions • Reducing our environmental footprint 
Social 
• Advancing economic mobility and social progress • Offering responsible products and services • Creating a supportive and inclusive workplace 
Governance 
• Holding ourselves accountable • Managing risk well • Providing transparency 
The ESG leadership enables the Company to pursue growing business opportunities and manage risks associated with addressing the world’s biggest environmental and social challenges. It defines how the Company deploys its capital and resources, informs its business practices, and helps determine how and when the Company uses its voice in support of its values. Integrated across the Company's lines of business, the ESG focus reflects ESG underscores how the Company seeks growth within its Risk Framework, including how it engages external stakeholders and provides strong oversight of environmental and social risks that present themselves through its business activities. This includes the responsible products and services delivered to clients; how business opportunities are evaluated; and how the Company helps enable social progress and economic mobility in local communities around the world. Ultimately, through the Company's commitment to ESG principles it builds trust and credibility as a company people want to work for, invest in, and do business with. 
BAC have established an Environmental and Social Risk Policy ("ESRP") Framework to provide additional clarity and transparency around how it approaches environmental and social risks, which touch almost every aspect of its business. Like all risks, environmental and social risks require coordinated governance, clearly defined roles and responsibilities, and well-developed processes to ensure they are identified, measured, monitored and managed appropriately and in a timely manner. 
This ESRP Framework is aligned with the Enterprise Risk Framework, which outlines BAC's approach to risk management and each employee’s responsibilities for risk management. 
The Company takes a proactive approach to identifying and managing risks, which includes an ongoing and rigorous process for identifying the issues that are most material to the Company. This process includes formal and informal engagement with both internal and external stakeholders, including clients, shareholders, socially responsible investment firms, and experts from community development and environmental organisations. The importance of risk issues is weighed up in relation to the Company's stakeholders and to its business success. 
A key aspect of the Company's strategy is active and extensive engagement with its clients. This engagement allows the Company to deepen its collective understanding of issues, learn and share perspectives, and, often, create connections between stakeholders with differing views. 
The BAC ESRP Framework, reporting of the ESG metrics aligned with external frameworks and the ESG performance data summary can be found online at: about.bankofamerica.com.
