Statement of corporate governance arrangements 
In addition to following its statutory obligations the directors and the Company follow the Wates Principles for corporate governance. The application of each of the six principles is discussed in detail below. 
Purpose and leadership As a large subsidiary of a multinational group, the Company benefits from both the corporate purpose and leadership provided by its parent company, a~ espoused in the "SRI Way", and the purpose and leadership of the local management team. We embrace the Sumitomo business spirit and share the SRI values of: 
• • • • 
Integrity and soundness - we encourage our people to do the right thing and make it possible for them to call out anything that is not aligned to our shared values via our employee helpline and whistleblowing service. 
Valuing technology - we are continuously innovating with technology, particularly .in terms of integrating with our customers own technology to help meet their needs. 
Mutual prosperity - we find ways for our employees to share in the proceeds of our strong financial performance and growing business. 
Respect for people - we listen to our workforce in our regular employee forums that bring representatives from across the business together with out CEO. 
Board composition The Company is served by a diverse and capable Board, chaired by Mr. Yutaka Kuroda, with our former CEO, Duncan Wilkes serving as non-executive Vice-Chairman. The Board comprises a combination of parent company executives and local management (CEO and CFO) each possessing a variety of skills and experiences. 
Directors responsibilities Time is set aside as part of our reguiar Board meetings to ensure that all directors are aware of their statutory and other responsibilities. As part of these updates, which are made at least annually, local management make clear, which directors assume primary responsibility for ensuring that the Board is .discharging its obligations correctly. This ensures that there arc no gaps in the performance of the Board's duties. 
Opportunity and risk The key opportunities and risks are outlined in the Business review and Principal risks and uncertainties report. 
Remuneration All matters relating to the remuneration of employees of the Company, including local management are reserved to the Remuneration Committee, which is chaired by Mr. Yutaka Kuroda.


Stakeholder relationships and engagement We have identified the following key stakeholder groups: 
• • • Customers - customers are at the heart of everything we do. Understanding their requirements and how we 
can serve them is vital to the success of our business and our ability to provide fulfilling careers for our workforce. 
Workforce - our success as a Company is built 011 the quality and engagement of our workforce. We operate a regular employee forum where people from across the business come together with our CEO to discuss the working environment and any issues and opportunities emerging from the business. Suppliers - 
as a multi-channel Wholesaler and Retailer we maintain a number of strategic relationships to 
ensure ,ve bring a compelling range of products forward for our customers. We maintain close ties with our suppliers ensuring clear communication and pre-emption ofany difficulties in the supply chain. 
• Community - we are a national business, but we have a very local presence in our coininunities around the country. We regularly appear in local social media for our activities in support of the local community, such as collecting scrap tyres i !legally dumped in countryside locations or supporting the work of local charities. 
• • 
Environment-.sustainability is important io us a Company and we are actively looking at ways to reduce our overall environmental impact. We drill used tyres to help stop illegal waste activities and work to actively manage our energy consumption. 
Parent and group undertakings - as a wholly owned subsidiary ofa large corporate·entity, we are mindful 
ofour responsibility to uphold group values, policies and procedures in all our activities: The "SRI Way" seeks to ensure that group companies add value to society.
