Overview Merlin believes that effective corporate governance is the foundation of a wellrun company and is committed co maintaining the highest standards of governance throughout the Company. The Board will therefore look co ensure that the similar core principles that served Merlin well as a listed business are retained by the Motion JVco Group of companies. 
The Board recognises chat a strong governance framework is fundamental to the execution of Merlin's strategic objectives, underpinned by a clear purpose and well understood culture and values. Merlin's overriding purpose is to create truly memorable experiences for visitors and long term value for our investors. Our corporate governance framework has been designed co safeguard these. The Board is committed co ensuring chat the procedures, policies and practices of the business continue co be effective. 
Corporate governance framework Merlin applied the provisions of the UK Corporate Governance Code up to the date of deliscing (having adopted the revised provisions of the Code, as published in July 2018). The Board have recently concluded chat the appropriate approach co corporate governance for the Company is to adopt the Wates Corporate Governance Principles for Large Private Companies, which in many respects follow similar principles co the Code. 
On 7 April 2020 Roland Hernandez was appointed as independent Chairman. Assessing our current compliance with the Wates Principles and our approach to implementing them will be an area of focus for him and the Board during 2020. 
Board and Committee composition The Board consists of representatives of each of the consortium of investors. Details of the Board members can be found on page 19. 
Board and Committee responsibilities The Board The Board has responsibilities in the following areas; • 
• • • 
• • 
Board Committees The following Committees are in operation. 
Health, Safety and Security C.ommittee This Committee ensures chat health, safety and security matters are managed effectively and proactively throughout the Group, by overseeing our policies and procedures for HSS, monitoring our processes for identifying and managing risks and monitoring the skills, effectiveness and levels of resource within our HSS teams. 
Its membership includes the Group CEO and CFO, together with the Group HSS Director and the Managing Directors of the Resort Theme Parks and Midway Attractions Operating Groups, together with representatives from each of the consortium of investors. 
Audit C.ommittee This Committee assists the Board in discharging its responsibilities with regard co financial reporting by monitoring the integrity of our financial statements including considering whether the financial statements are 'fair, balanced and understandable'. le assists the Board in relation to external and internal audits, including monitoring and reviewing the effectiveness of the internal audit function and overseeing the performance and independence of external auditors. le also assists the Board in matters of risk management and internal controls, including monitoring and reviewing the effectiveness of our whisdeblowing and fraud policies and our internal control and risk management. 
The Committee consists of representatives from two of the consortium of investors, including one Board member. 
Other Committees In addition co the Board Committees, there are three non-Board Committees: • 
Overseeing strategy, management and approval of major policies 
Determining the capital structure Maintaining the system of internal controls and risk management Approval of the annual capital expenditure budget, major capital projects and strategic transactions Effective engagement with shareholders and other stakeholders Reviewing recommendations from Committees including: Board membership Board and senior management remuneration Succession planning Diversity Financial reports 
Two operational committees have specific areas of responsibility as follows: 
• • 
C.ommerdal and Strategic Risk Management C.ommittee - maintains oversight and guidance on management of commercial and strategic risk. Development Board - appraises significant capital expenditure and development projects. 
Section 172 statement The Board acknowledges the need co maintain high standards of business conduct, and has regard for the impact of their decisions on the Company's stakeholders, as required in section 172 of the Companies Ace 2006, taking into account the likely consequences of any decision in the long term. The Board cakes their responsibility co understand the views of chose stakeholders seriously and will strive to build productive business relationships with chem, retaining the principles already adopted by Merlin when engaging with stakeholders such as employees, guests, suppliers and community groups. In 2020 the Board will look co further the inclusion of stakeholders' interests within the Board's decisionmaking processes. 
Executive C.ommittee - chaired by the Chief Executive Officer, this Committee is responsible for managing the Group's day to day operations and the development of strategic plans for consideration by the Board.


Board membership The members of the Board during the period and at the date of this report are set out below. 
S0ren Thorup S0rensen S0ren was appointed as a Director on 26 June 2019, having also been a nonexecutive Director of Merlin since 2013, prior to Merlin's IPO, representing KIRKBI. Soren has over 25 years' experience in finance and is currently the Chief Executive Officer of KIRKBI A/Sand Director of various entities in the KIRKBI Group. Soren is currently Chairman of the Board of Boston Holding A/S and a Non-executive Director of ISS A/S and a Non-executive Director of Landis & Gyr. S0ren was formerly a Partner, Chief Financial Officer of A.P. Moller - Maersk Group and Managing Partner of KPMG Denmark 
Soren chairs the Audit Committee. 
Sidsel Marie Kristensen Sidsel was appointed as a Director on 4 November 2019. She is also a member of the Health, Safety and Security Committee, representing KIRKBI. Sidsel has almost 20 years' experience as a lawyer. Sidsel joined KIRKBI A/S in 2016 and is currently Senior Vice President and Head of Legal at KIRKBI A/S and Director of various entities in the KIRKBI Group. Sidsel was formerly a Partner of the Danish law firm Bech-Bruun. 
J0rgen Vig Knudstorp Jergen was appointed as a Director on 26 June 2019, representing KIRKBI, having previously been an observer at the Board while Merlin was listed. Since May 2017, Jorgen has been the Executive Chairman of LEGO A/S and since January 2017, J0rgen has been the Executive Chairman of LEGO Brand Group. Jergen is a member of the Board of Starbucks. Jorgen was formerly President and Chief Executive Officer of the LEGO Group from 2004 to 2016. 
Joseph Baratta Joseph was appointed as a Director on 4 November 2019, representing Blackstone. Joseph Baratta is Global Head of Private Equity at Blackstone and a member of the firm's Management Committee. He also serves on many of the firm's investment committees. 
Mr Baratta joined Blackstone in 199B and in 200 I he moved to London to help establish Blackstone's corporate private equity business in Europe. Since 2012, Mr Baratta has served as the firm's Global Head of Private Equity and is located in New York. 
Mr Baratta has served on the Boards of many past Blackstone portfolio companies and currently serves as a member or observer on the Boards of First Eagle Investment Management, Refinitiv, and SESAC. He is also a member of the Board of Trustees of Georgetown University; is a trustee of the Tate Foundation; serves on the Board of Year Up, an organisation focused on youth employment; and serves on the Board of Trustees of Trinity School in New York City. 
Before joining Blackstone, Mr Baratta was with Tinicum Incorporated and McCown De Leeuw & Company. Mr Baratta also worked at Morgan Stanley in its mergers and acquisitions department. Mr Baratta graduated magna cum laude from Georgetown University. 
Peter Wallace Peter was appointed as a Director on 26 June 2019, representing Blackstone. Peter is a Senior Managing Director and serves as co-head of U.S. Acquisitions for Blackstone's Private Equity Group. Peter leads Blackstone's private equity investments in the business services, leisure and consumer/retail sectors. 
Since joining Blackstone in 1997, Peter has led or been involved in Blackstone's investments in Alight Solutions, AlliedBarton Security Services, Allied Waste, American Axle & Manufacturing, Centennial Communications, Centerplate (formerly Volume Services America), CommNet Cellular, GCA Services, LocusPoint Networks, Merlin Entertainments, Michaels Stores, New Skies Satellites, Outerstuff, Ltd., Pinnacle Foods/Birds Eye Foods, PSAV, PSSI, Sea World Parks & Entertainment (formerly Busch Entertainment Corporation), Service King, Servpro, Sirius Satellite Radio, Tradesmen International, Universal Orlando, Vivint, Vivint Solar and The Weather Channel Companies. He currently serves on the Board of Directors of Alight Solutions, Merlin Entertainments, Michaels Stores, Outerstuff, Ltd., PSAV, PSSI Service King, Servpro, Tradesmen International, Vivint and Vivint Solar. Peter received a BA from Harvard College, where he graduated magna cum laude. 
Lori Hall-Kimm Lori was appointed as a Director on 26 June 2019, representing CPPIB. Since 2018, Lori has been a Managing Director of Direct Private Equity at CPPIB, where she was previously Senior Principal of Secondaries and Co-Investments from 2016 to 2018. She was a Director of Private Capital at Ontario Teachers' Pension Plan from 2005 to 20 I 5. Lori is currently also on the Board of Nord Anglia Education. Lori was formerly on the Board of 99 Cents Only Stores from 2018 to 2020, Gruppo Coin and OVS SpA from 2013 to 2015 and Alexander Forbes Pty from 2007 to 2014. 
Roland Hernandez Roland was appointed as a Director and independent Chairman on 7 April 2020. He is the Founding Principal and Chief Executive Officer of Hernandez Media Ventures, a privately held company engaged in the acquisition and management of media assets. He has served in this capacity since January 200 I. 
Before founding Hernandez Media Ventures, Roland served as Chairman of Telemundo Group, Inc., a Spanish-language television and entertainment company, from 1998 to 2000 and as President and Chief Executive Officer from 1995 to 2000. He serves as a member of the Boards of US Bancorp, Fox Corporation, MGM Resorts International, and Take-Two Interactive Software, Inc. He serves on the advisory board of Harvard Law School and previously served on the Board of Directors of Belmond Ltd, Sony Corporation, Walmart Inc, and Vail Resorts, Inc. 
Roland received an A.B. in economics from Harvard College and a J.D. from Harvard Law School. 
Other directors The following were also Directors during the period as set out below: • • 
Natacha Jamar (appointed 18 June 2019, resigned 26 June 2019). Geoffrey Bailhache (appointed 18 June 2019, resigned 26June2019).


Key executives In addition to the Board members set out above, details of Merlin's key executives are set out below. 
Nick Varney - Chief Executive Officer Nick has nearly 30 years' experience in the visitor attractions industry and was appointed Chief Executive Officer of Merlin Entertainments in 1999. 
Nick started his career in FMCG marketing, first with Rowntree and then with Reckitt Colman. He went on to hold senior positions within The T ussauds Group (Pearson PLC), including Marketing Director of Alton Towers and Head of Group Marketing, before becoming Managing Director of Varden Attractions and a main Board Director of Varden pie. In 1999 Nick led the management buyout of Varden Attractions to form Merlin Entertainments and, in 2005, initiated the process which led to its acquisition by Blackstone. 
Nick is a Board member of UK Hospitality, the trade body representing the UK's hospitality and tourism industry with a membership of over 45,000 companies. 
Anne-Francoise Nesmes - Chief Financial Officer Anne-Francoise was appointed Chief Financial Officer of Merlin Entertainments in August 2016. With over 25 years' experience in finance across international organisations, Anne-Francoise brings a strong focus on strategy execution, M&A, process improvement and governance. 
Anne-Francoise started her career in the UK as a finance graduate trainee at John Crane, before moving to Tetra Pak, then ADP and later Caterpillar UK. In 1997, she joined GlaxoSmithKline and held a variety of increasingly senior roles across the organisation in the UK and overseas, including Senior Vice President of Finance for Vaccines. In April 2013, Anne-Francoise joined Dechra Pharmaceuticals PLC as Chief Financial Officer, where she was instrumental in transforming Dechra into a successful pharmaceutical company specialising in animal health. She led the expansion of its international footprint through acquisitions and delivered significant efficiencies through modernising finance and R&D processes. Anne-Francoise is a Non-executive Director of Compass Group PLC. 
On 9 April 2020 it was announced that Anne-Francoise had been appointed as Chief Financial Officer of Smith+Nephew, the global medical technology business. She will remain as Merlin's Chief Financial Officer until the end of June 2020.
