Governance Mott MacDonald Group Limited, the parent company, sets the governance framework for its subsidiaries to comply with when conducting business. 
Some of that governance is designed and delivered through directives, processes and systems that are rolled out across 
the Group for use by the business operations in the Group's trading subsidiaries, like Mott MacDonald Limited. 
Some of that governance is also managed by Mott MacDonald Group Limited, which as parent, has responsibility to oversee, approve or authorise practices and decisions by its trading subsidiaries, such as Mott MacDonald Limited. 
a strategy which puts the long-term interests of clients. employees, external stakeholders and employee shareholders above short-term expediency. 
Our leadership principles focus on passing a stronger and more sustainable business to those who follow us, while seeking to maintain intergenerational fairness at all times. 
Underpinning those leadership principles are our values: Progress, Respect, Integrity, Drive and Excellence (PRIDE). 
They guide our behaviour, shape our culture and inform our relationships with our clients, our stakeholders and each other. 
They are the platform from which we deliver our purpose and underpin our employee-ownership model. 
The Executive Board of Mott MacDonald Group Limited has formally adopted a corporate governance framework for large We put into practice our values and demonstrate leadership private companies, appropriate for our size and purpose. The Wates Principles are voluntary principles for large private companies that demonstrate an 'apply and explain' approach over six pillars of corporate governance: 
through our actions and behaviours. These, together with health, safety and wellbeing, are embedded in how we run the business and how we value our employees. 
1 Purpose and leadership 2 Board composition 3 Director responsibilities 4 Opportunity and risk 5 Remuneration 6 Stakeholder relationships and engagement 
These corporate governance arrangements were adopted with effect from 1 January 2019. They embrace our existing governance framework, which already contained or addressed many of the principles and themes contained in Wates. 
As a large private company and in line with Mott MacDonald Group Limited's direction, Mott MacDonald Limited is also following the Wates Principles as described below: 
Principle 1 - Purpose and leadership An effective board develops and promotes the purpose of the company, ensuring its values, strategy and culture align with that purpose. 
Our purpose is to improve society by considering social outcomes in everything we do, relentlessly focusing on excellence and digital innovation, transforming our clients' businesses, our communities and employee opportunities. 
Underpinning our purpose is our proposition, 'Opening 
The reputation and future success of our business are built on integrity and trust. We provide annual training on ethical behaviour to all staff and enhanced workshop training for staff most at risk of encountering ethical issues. 
The culture of our geographically dispersed business is defined both by the top-level leadership and by local line management. Our corporate values inform what is expected of employees' attitudes and behaviours. 
Employees are encouraged to report any behaviours that do not align with our values through their HR representatives or through our independent whistle-blowing hotline. These are investigated and then acted on if necessary. 
We seek feedback from staff through a biennial survey which allows our leadership to monitor trends, gauge how well policies are being implemented and collect employee views. We put in place action plans to address common issues. 
The projects we deliver centre on improving people's lives but can have adverse impacts on communities and the environment. We recognise those impacts and mitigate them by embedding sustainability and social outcomes into our project delivery. 
We seek feedback from our clients and wider stakeholders on our impact, behaviours and effectiveness. We have various 
Opportunities with Connected Thinking'. This is our statement forms of interactive communication channels and thought of intent - how we do what we do in delivering our purpose. 
We demonstrate leadership as part of an independent employee-owned group by pursuing success through 
leadership to share ideas and opinions, promote knowledge 
and innovation, focus on social outcomes in our project delivery, and promote technical and professional excellence.


Principle 2 - Board composition Effective board composition requires an effective chair and a balance of skills, backgrounds, experience and knowledge, with individual directors having sufficient capacity to make a valuable contribution. The size of the board should be guided by the scale and complexity of the company. 
The Board comprises six executive directors, who bring a range of skills and experience. In the financial statements, the directors are listed on page 13. Their biographies are on the parent company's website (www.mottmac.com). 
Composition The structure comprises a mix of executive directors working as Chair, Managing Director, Strategy Director, Operations Director, Finance Director and External Engagement Director. The directors have a broad range of skills and experience with differential as well as complementary skill sets. The blend of skills is a key feature in determining the Board's effectiveness. 
Appointments to the Board of the company are drawn from the directors of the parent company to ensure an effective and efficient governance structure for the company and the Group. 
Appointments to the Board of the parent company follow a formal process, with the Board deciding what components of the process to use given the circumstances of the appointment. The process is robust and is described in detail in the governance statement of the parent company. 
Evaluation Board members' strengths and development areas are reviewed from time to time using the Financial Reporting Council Guidance on board effectiveness as the framework, and through peer review of knowledge, skills and experience, using the same criteria as for new applicants. 
The Board of the parent company works with external organisations to provide development for directors and leadership training on an individual and collective basis. 
That assessment covers their roles and responsibilities as directors of the global business, including the parent company and their responsibilities for other Group trading companies where applicable. 
The Board's effectiveness is periodically reviewed by independent external assessors as part of succession planning. The conclusions summarise effectiveness and highlight where complementary or differential skill sets could be better blended to make the Board stronger as a team·. An independent review and development programme on the Board members as a team was carried out in 2019. A self-assessment by directors of their own individual performance and attributes and an assessment of those of their fellow directors was carried out in 2018 and 2019. 


 
Diversity Although the Board is reasonably diverse in terms of knowledge, skills, experience and age, its balance in terms of gender and race can be improved. This is a feature of the engineering sector that is slowly changing with each generation of graduates entering. That, and changes in our own corporate culture as well as in the wider industry, are slowly improving the retention and career progression of a more diverse workforce. However, the Group recognises its role in improving opportunity and outcomes at all levels, and for leading change. 
The Board is committed to diversity and is taking steps to improve practices and processes across the Group. Significant progress on gender and race has already been made across the business up to senior management and leadership positions. That is being developed to deliver a sustainable model for diversity of representation in key senior positions up to and including the Board. 
Principle 3 - Director responsibilities The board and individual directors should have a clear understanding of their accountability and responsibilities. The board's policies and procedures should support effective decision-making and independent challenge. 
As with Principle 2 above, the governance structure reflects the governance in place for the Executive Board of the parent company who carry out their roles and responsibilities as directors for the parent company and certain material trading subsidiaries of which Mott MacDonald Limited is one. 
Accountability and effective decision-making The roles of the directors are as described in Principle 2. Significant decisions of the Board are generally made by reaching a consensus. Decisions can also require ratification or subsequent approval from the Board of the parent company or the Shareholders' Committee of the parent company, whenever required by our internal management governance or the parent company's articles of association. 
The Shareholders' Committee of the parent company represents the long term interests of current and future shareholders of the Group. It advises on key issues and approves significant decisions and actions of the Board of the parent company. It is responsible for oversight and supervision of that Board. It is chaired by a member of the Shareholders' Committee. Board directors are not members of this committee. 
Information and advice The Board is provided with information in a timely manner on matters that need to be considered in running the business. Directors have access to the advice of the Group General Counsel and Company Secretary, who are responsible for advising the Board of the parent company and the Group's business operations on material governance matters.


Directors can seek independent advice on the performance of their duties. 
The Board also receives assurances from various in-house technical specialists that the company's financial reporting, risk management, governance and internal control processes, including policies mandating procedural requirements and standards, are operating effectively. It is the Board's responsibility to make sure that this assurance is delivered. 
Discharging responsibilities The directors delegate day-to-day management and decision-making to senior management. However, delegation is subject to financial limits and other restrictions, above which matters must be referred back to the Board. The directors maintain oversight of performance and ensure that management acts in line with the strategy and plans agreed by the Board and its delegated authorities. 
This governance framework sets out how we do business across the Group and captures our values, policies and processes, together with clear levels of delegated responsibility. It is aimed at ensuring that all employees and businesses act in a clear, accountable and consistent manner. 
Our policies and processes embrace our operating practices. Managers have the authority to make decisions and that authority is delegated as far as is practicable - but with clear accountabilities. Some matters involving risk are escalated in accordance with clear guidelines on evaluation. and authority to approve. 
The company o~erates a business management system, STEP, which sets out the policies and procedures of the company and the decision-making and authority framework. This determines our levels of delegated authority and operated workflows. 
Principle 4 - Opportunity and risk A board should promote the long-term sustainable success of the company by identifying opportunities to create and preserve value and establishing oversight to identify and mitigate risks. 
As noted in the introduction to governance above, Mott MacDonald Group Limited, the parent company, sets the governance framework for the Group's business operations to comply with when conducting business through the trading subsidiaries of the Group. 
The narrative set out below is a summary of the Group's general risk management process that is used by Mott MacDonald Limited. 
Opportunity and value The company creates value through developing information for our clients. The processes for developing information are maintained in our STEP business management system. 
The information we develop takes many forms but typically we generate reports, computer models and designs. We also provide clients with resources to manage programmes of work or to supervise the work of others, which may include construction. 
The narrative in the governance statement of the parent company describes how the business operations use a strategy of selective focus to target opportunity and create value. 
The Executive Board of the parent company has responsibility for determining the nature and extent of the risk it is willing to take and this is recorded in the Group Risk Appetite. That then provides guidance and limits on what risks are acceptable for the business operations across the trading subsidiaries of the Group. 
Managing business risk Business risks are treated by the Risk Committee of the Executive Board of the parent company. This committee has representatives on it from the business operations of the trading subsidiaries, including Mott MacDonald Limited. 
Each business risk has three levels of escalation identified in a risk treatment plan. The Group's principal risks and uncertainties are noted on pages 4 and 5, and these are the main risks and uncertainties relevant to Mott MacDonald Limited. The Group's Risk Principal reports directly to the Group's Operations Director and reports three times a year to the Risk Committee of the parent company on the level of risk in the business. 
In addition, risks related to health, safety and security are reported to the Executive Board of the parent company at each Board meeting and the Risk Principal prepares a report on business ethics for that Board for six meetings a year. 
An overall risk report, which summarises salient points for information and action, is prepared for that Board once a year. 
Given the fundamental importance of risk management to the company and the Group, the direct reporting lines to the Executive Board of the parent company ensure that there is visibility and understanding of live risk matters by senior Group management and directors with action taken as appropriate.


To strengthen our approach, during the year, the Group appointed a Compliance Officer who has oversight of investigations into any alleged breaches of our code of conduct and any significant process failure anywhere across the Group. That position reports to the Group's General Counsel, with a reporting channel to the Executive Chair on exceptional matters. 
In addition to Board oversight, the Shareholders' Committee of the parent company has an Audit and Risk Assurance sub-committee, which requires an assessment of risk to be presented at each of its quarterly meetings as well as access to all internal audit reports issued during the year. 
Managing project risk before contract Managing project uncertainty starts at the work-winning stage. Client account leaders build a good understanding of clients' business plans, culture and commercial approach and what they want out of their projects. 
We then assess each prospect for its complexity to identify the level of control that is required for project delivery and the required competence of the project leadership team. 
That determines the right mix of project controls specialists and commercial managers needed in the team to support the project manager and project principal. For the more complex projects., the project principal is supported by an oversight board. 
We undertake due diligence on our supply chain before we contract with them. Where risks related to technical competence, business ethics, modern slavery or safeguarding are high, further work is carried out to seek to ensure that the association with the supplier will enhance, not damage, our reputation. 
The Group identifies attributes related to material technical and commercial risks for which special approvals are required before a tender can be submitted. 
Managing project risk after contract Project uncertainty is managed through STEP, which is ISO 9001:2015 compliant. It defines our approach to project delivery and is mandated for all projects in the Group. STEP is compliant with ISO standards for health and safety, environment, anti-bribery management. risk, information security and collaborative working. 
The narrative in the governance statement of the parent company describes the detail of how STEP is used to manage risk and uncertainty at this stage through risk registers, project delivery plans, project budgets, and project review meetings and senior management reviews. 
Performance Compliance with our quality systems is managed through our quality in-house specialists, who carry out audits and reviews of the application of our system, and through external auditors, who are currently DNV-GL. We have a single contract for the global operation and receive consistent assessment of the quality of our compliance to STEP. 
The Group's external and internal financial auditors consider the effectiveness of controls in this area, with matters arising for improvement reported to the Executive Board of the parent company and the Audit and Risk Assurance sub-committee of the parent company. 
Principle 5 - Remuneration A board should promote executive remuneration structures aligned to the long-term sustainable success of a company, taking into account pay and conditions elsewhere in the company. 
Consistency and control We operate a consistent and equitable approach to remuneration, focusing on reward industry benchmarking to ensure individuals are paid competitively and that their pay progresses fairly as their careers advance. 
Benchmarking means that we can make compelling and competitive offerings in our chosen markets and locations, which is essential for attracting and retaining the best talent. 
Remuneration management is run through our regional business structures. Direction, oversight and governance are provided from regional management teams. Oversight of the regional teams and governance for recommendations and proposals, such as the annual pay review, sit with the Executive Board of the parent company. 
Remuneration and Equity sub-committee To assist with this process, there is a Remuneration and Equity sub-committee in the parent company which reports to the Shareholders' Committee of that company. This subcommittee is responsible for reviewing and approving Board proposals on remuneration and equity, including but not limited to the following: 
• Annual staff salary increments by geography and/or sector. • The size and allocation of the discretionary bonus pool for employees and the criteria for awarding such bonuses. 
• Compensation proposals (salary and benefits) for the directors of the Executive Board of the parent company. 
• Annual share allocations to different parts of the business to use to offer shares of the parent company to employees and directors to buy. 
• Annual dividend and increase in value of company shares. • The size and allocation of discretionary bonus pools to distribute to employee shareholders.


All such proposals are based on the performance of the Group, the business segment and the individual. Performance is 
defined and measured with metrics such as revenue growth, profit growth, profitability, working capital, ethics. collaboration and technical excellence. Metrics are commonly measured on a multiyear averaged basis to prevent short-termism. 
The sub-committee is typically chaired by an independent member of the Shareholders' Committee of the parent company, wherever possible, and it meets three times a year to consider proposals from the Board of the parent company. The proposals are largely related to the matters set out above, which cover key decision-making areas for this company. 
Directors and independent members The sub-committee reviews the remuneration of executive directors as well as the allocation of shares to them to buy in the parent company. That provides effective control over their remuneration and equity, ensuring a measured and justified value proposition. Their remuneration is driven by the same performance principles used for staff. 
The company has no independent directors or members. Governance is managed from the parent company and the position with independent members of the parent company is described and disclosed in the accounts of that company. 
Equality, diversity and inclusion (EDI) We support the UK Government's move to address the gender pay gap and, although we are confident that men and women are paid equally for doing the same jobs across our UK business, we recognise the need to address the gender pay gap and are resolute in doing so. We apply those principles and that objective across the Group. 
EDI dashboards launched in early 2019 provide detailed data and insights into the full employee lifecycle. The dashboards support us in our aim for our EDI efforts to be data-driven and intelligence-led across all aspects of diversity. These tools allow us to tailor our efforts to the unique nature of our different business units and focus activity where it will have the most impact. We are also using the dashboard data to inform unit EDI action plans. 
Principle 6 - Stakeholder relationships and engagement Directors should foster effective stakeholder relationships aligned to the company's purpose. The board is responsible for overseeing meaningful engagement with stakeholders, including the workforce, and having regard to their views when taking decisions. 
The directors promote effective engagement with stakeholders to inform them of the company's strategies. plans and initiatives and seek feedback on them. This includes thought leadership and other forms of interactive communication to access views and opinions from 
shareholders of the parent company and employees. clients and stakeholders of the company. 
The directors use these communications to be informed of views. opinions and perceptions of the company, its 
activities and its strategy, and of wider social issues which are relevant to the company and society. 
This enables the directors to take these views into account in running the business and to reflect them where appropriate in their decision-making to ensure they promote the company's long-term success. 
Employees The directors have regular engagement with employees to ensure that they are informed of the Group's strategy, of which the company is a major part. They also engage with them to understand their views and ideas on the Group's and company's policies, processes, initiatives. work practices and behaviours in the workplace. 
Details of this engagement process are set out in the directors' report, pages 13 and 14. 
Employee shareholders The directors also maintain regular engagement with employee shareholders where those employees work for the company and hold shares in the parent company of the Group. 
The purpose is to align them with the Group's interests and keep them regularly briefed on the Group's performance, delivery of strategy, material initiatives and company news. 
This enables the Board to keep shareholders informed and seek their views and feedback as part of corporate decision-making. 
It helps to ensure that the directors act in the best interests of the company, promoting its long-term success in doing so. This includes the directors providing: 
• Quarterly business reviews for shareholders to brief them on the Group's progress, highlighting areas of success and areas for improvement. 
• An annual performance report for shareholders to highlight results for the year and areas for improvement. It connects business performance. investment and shareholder return. 
• A summarised strategy for shareholders. highlighting its key features and the value proposition to deliver to benefit clients and stakeholders and drive the Group's and company's success. 
• A presentation at the AGM of the annual results, plans for the coming year and updates on Group initiatives. The aim is to help shareholders understand the plans of the Group and company, relating them to the needs of clients and stakeholders.


Presentations to shareholders after the AGM to provide interactive updates of initiatives. The aim is to brief shareholders on initiatives that will provide future value for employees, clients and stakeholders. 
• A summarised form of the AGM in regional offices to shareholders and management across the Group not able to attend the AGM. This fosters engagement and commitment. 
• Regional forums for senior employees and shareholders. The aim is to engage them in the most recent developments and plans in their local business and across the Group. 
Clients The directors maintain a programme of regular engagement with clients to foster long-term relationships for mutual benefit. The purpose is to better understand their plans, needs and aspirations to make sure that the company's strategy and decision-making is aligned with their aims and objectives. That helps the directors act in the best interests of the company and promote its long-term success. This includes the directors establishing: 
• Account leaders for key clients. Their role is to understand the client's business and ensure that their views and plans are front and centre to our strategy and decision-making. 
• Client engagement plans for effective relationship management, allowing us to align our plans to areas of mutual common interest and benefit for clients. 
• Information is targeted at selected clients. This includes printed and digital publications on specific subjects, project case studies and thought leadership. The aim is to promote discussion of industry initiatives and areas of topical interest. 
• Visits by the Board to key business locations to meet clients and employees, to get an informed view of local markets, the local business and the quality of our brand. The aim is to enhance focus and performance. 
• Satisfaction surveys for individual clients to get their views on service provision. They provide comparative feedback of our standing against our competitors. This enables us to learn, improve and pull their feedback into our development plans and strategies for them. 
• Directors' participation in the management of key clients. The aim is to fully understand how we can the build their views and thinking into our decisions for future development and to match their aspirations. 
Stakeholders The directors maintain regular engagement with clients and wider stakeholders such as suppliers, business partners, and other market players or academic bodies. This enables them to enhance market focus, improve decision-making and promote the long-term success of the company more effectively. 
This includes the directors: 
• Using PR and social media to share our experts' views and thought leadership on industry topics. 
• Issuing the Mott MacDonald Corporate Prospectus, which profiles global issues, and our responding capabilities and project delivery. 
• Maintainin~ the Mott MacDonald corporate website and other websites that communicate with clients, stakeholders and wider society to promote our purpose, capabilities and values. 
• Running client-focused publications and webinars that profile clients' needs and their views on our project creation and delivery. 
• Running client and stakeholder events that provide the opportunity to engage with clients and partners. We use them to build knowledge of future activities and to understand the needs and views of our clients. 
• Meeting our relationship banks during the year to brief them on strategy, performance and business themes to give them assurance on the quality of our business performance and our financial bank covenants. 
• Meeting the trustees of our larger pension schemes to keep updated on pension funding, the current performance of scheme investments and the sensitivity of economic indicators impacting funding. In return, the directors brief the trustees on the company's performance and prospects. 
• Meeting large suppliers on a regular basis to ensure there is a healthy and fair value proposition for both parties, while maintaining quality and rigour in our working arrangements.

