Executive Board 
The Board is responsible for establishing the company's purpose, values and strategy, promoting its culture and overseeing its conduct and affairs to create sustainable value. The Board meets regularly, makes decisions on a joint basis and has collective responsibility for its remit and objectives. All directors have equal status and accountability to deliver the strateqy, achieve an acceptable operating performance and execute the Board's fiduciary duties. 
Committees of the Board Strategy and Policy - Its purpose is to assist the Board with development of the Group strategy, the continuity of its implementation and the alignment of policies to support it. It drives the growth of the business through sector boards, sector plans and strategic initiatives which govern medium-term policy and position for mediumterm opportunity. This committee is chaired by the Group's Strategy Director and meets four times a year. 
Operations - Its purpose is to monitor, challenge and improve the business performance of the regions and units, driving for improvement and value. It considers internal and external factors that affect business performance and initiates action to address them. This committee is chaired by the Group's Managing Director and meets four times a year. 
Investment and Finance - Its purpose is to evaluate and monitor growth initiatives and to assess postimplementation outcome and performance. It also considers sources of finance, balance sheet risk and the recoverability of the carrying values of Group investments and Group funding balances, with judgements on any impairments required. This committee is chaired by the Group's Finance Director and meets four times a year. 
Risk - Its purpose is to monitor and assess the adequacy of risk management across the Group and to consider ways to improve it, taking consideration of systems, policies and practices in the business. The committee is chaired by the Group's Operations Director and meets three times a year. 
The Shareholders' Committee The Shareholders' Committee represents the long-term interests of current and future shareholders. It advises on key issues and approves significant decisions and actions of the Board. It is responsible for oversight of the Board. It is chaired by a member of the Shareholders' Committee and formally meets four times a year, with directors in attendance. It also meets in camera. 
Shareholders' Committee sub-committees Audit and Risk Assurance - Its purpose is to review and assess the adequacy of the risk management processes, the control environment and the corporate governance of the company. It highlights to the Shareholders' Committee material matters concerning business improvement and good practice in respect of internal controls, risk management, business conduct, ethics, effectiveness of internal and external auditors, data security and the risk of fraud. It is chaired by a member of the Shareholders' Committee and formally meets four times a year. It also meets in camera. 
Nominations - Its purpose is to approve appointments to the Executive Board and the Shareholders' Committee, as well as other senior appointments and promotions within its remit. Its broader remit is to ensure that its decisionmaking enables succession planning and retaining and developing key people for long-term career progression. This sub-committee is chaired by a member of the Shareholders' Committee and meets twice a year. 
Remuneration and Equity - Its purpose is to approve proposals from the Executive Board on remuneration and equity. These will be approvals for annual pay awards, bonus schemes, share allocations, dividends and increases in the company's share price, as well as proposals for materially changing the principles and policy around such matters. This sub-committee is typically chaired by an independent member of the Shareholders' Committee where one is available, and meets three times a year. 
The membership of the Board and committees is on the inside back cover.


Governance The Executive Board has formally adopted a corporate governance framework for large private companies, appropriate for our size and purpose. The Wates Principles are voluntary principles for large private companies that demonstrate an 'apply and explain' approach over six pillars of corporate governance: 
1 Purpose and leadership 2 Board composition 3 Director responsibilities 4 Opportunity and risk 5 Remuneration 6 Stakeholder relationships and engagement 
These corporate governance arrangements were adopted with effect from 1 January 2019, embracing our existing governance framework, which already contained or addressed many of the principles and themes contained in the Wates principles.


Principle 1 - Purpose and leadership An effective board develops and promotes the purpose of the company and ensures that its values, strategy and culture align with that purpose. 
Our purpose is to improve society by considering social outcomes in everything we do, relentlessly focusing on excellence and digital innovation and transforming our clients' businesses, our communities and employee opportunities. 
Underpinning our purpose is our proposition, 'Opening opportunities with connected thinking'. This is our statement of intent - how we do what we do in delivering our purpose. 
We demonstrate leadership as an employee-owned company by pursuing success through a strategy and decision-making process which put the long-term interests of clients, employees, external stakeholders and employee shareholders above short-term expediency. 
Our leadership principles are focused on passing on a stronger, better and more sustainable business to those who follow us, and to maintain intergenerational fairness. 
Underpinning those leadership principles are our values: Progress, Respect, Integrity, Drive and Excellence (PRIDE). 
They guide our behaviour, shape our culture and inform our relationships with our clients, our stakeholders and each other. They are the platform from which we deliver our purpose and underpin our employee-ownership model. 
We put into practice our values and demonstrate leadership through our actions and behaviours. These together with health and safety and wellbeing are embedded in how we conduct ourselves in running and managing · the business and how we value our employees. 
The reputation and future success of our business are built on integrity and trust. We provide annual training on ethical behaviour to all staff and enhanced workshop training for staff most at risk of encountering ethical issues. 
The culture of our geographically dispersed business is defined both by the top-level leadership and by local line management. Our corporate values inform what is expected of employees' attitudes and behaviours. 
Employees are encouraged to report any behaviours that are not in line with our values through their HR representatives or through our independent whistle-blowing hotline. These are all investigated and then acted on where necessary. 
We seek feedback from staff through a biennial survey which allows our leadership to monitor trends, gauge how well policies are being implemented and collect employee views. We put in place action plans to address common issues. 
The projects we deliver centre on improving people's lives but can have adverse impacts on communities and the environment. We recognise those impacts and mitigate them by embedding sustainability and social outcomes into our project delivery. 
We seek feedback from our clients and wider stakeholders on our impact, behaviours and effectiveness. We have various forms of interactive communication channels and thought leadership to share ideas and opinions, promote knowledge and innovation, focus on social outcomes in our project delivery, and promote technical and professional excellence. 
Principle 2 - Board composition Effective board composition requires an effective chair and a balance of skills, backgrounds, experience and knowledge, with individual directors having sufficient capacity to make a valuable contribution. The size of the board should be guided by the scale and complexity of the company. 
The Board has seven executive directors, with a variety of skills and experience. In the financial statements, the directors and their roles are listed on the inside back cover. Their biographies are on the company's website (www.mottmac.com). 
Composition The size of the Board is limited to eight by the company's articles of association. The structure comprises a mix of executive directors working in central Group roles (Chair, Managing Director, Strategy Director, Operations Director, Finance Director and External Engagement Director) and directors who, while being leaders of material business segments in the Group, also fulfil the role of executive directors on the Board. The directors have a broad range of skills and experience with differential and complementary skill sets. The blend of skills is a key feature in ensuring the Board's effectiveness. 
Appointments to the Board follow a formal process. The Board decides what components of the process to use, given the appointment. Applicants can be required to prepare a written submission, attend interviews, make presentations and respond to a formal set of questions. The process also involves a scoring assessment of applicants' attributes and skills, based on their knowledge, skills and experience, using criteria that are reviewed from time to time to reflect changes in the external business environment and changes in the needs of the Board. The Board's final decision on an appointment is then ratified by the Shareholders' Committee.


As we have independent members on the Shareholders' Committee, the main governing body of the Board, the directors are assessing the role of non-executive directors on the Board. 
Evaluation Board members' strengths and development areas are reviewed from time to time using the Financial Reporting Council Guidance on Board Effectiveness as the framework, and through peer review of knowledge, skills and experience, using the same criteria as for new applicants. The Board works with external organisations to provide development for directors and leadership training on an individual and collective basis. 
The Board's effectiveness is periodically reviewed by independent external assessors, as part of succession planning. The conclusions summarise effectiveness and highlight where complementary or differential skill sets could be better blended to make the Board stronger as a team. An independent review and development programme on the Board as a team was carried out in 2019. 
A self-assessment by directors of their own individual performance and attributes and an assessment of those of their fellow directors was carried out in 2018 and 2019. The results were shared with all Board members at a Board meeting and with the Shareholders' Committee to assist them with their ongoing assessment of Board performance and effectiveness. 
Diversity Although the Board is reasonably diverse in terms of knowledge, skills, experience and age, its balance in terms of gender and race can be improved. This is a feature of the engineering sector that is slowly changing with each generation of graduates entering it. Changes in our own corporate culture as well as in the wider industry are slowly improving the retention and career progression of a more diverse workforce. However, the Group recognises its role in improving opportunity and outcomes at all levels, and for leading change. 
The Board is committed to diversity and is taking steps to improve practices and processes across the Group. Significant progress on gender and race has already been made across the business up to senior management and leadership positions. That is being developed to deliver a sustainable model for diversity of representation in key senior positions up to and including Executive Board and Shareholders' Committee level, the latter already having a broad range of nationalities, cultures and gender. 
Principle 3 - Director responsibilities The Board and individual directors should have a clear understanding of their accountability and responsibilities. The Board's policies and procedures should support effective decision-making and independent challenge. 
Accountability and effective decision-making The Executive Chair is responsible for leading the Board, ensuring that it discharges its duties efficiently and that it delivers the strategy agreed by the Board. The Group Managing Director is responsible for directing and controlling operations, managing the day-to-day business and ensuring it is aligned to the strategy. This distinction in the respective roles of the Executive Chair (strategy) and Managing Director (business operations) is key to governance and accountability. 
Significant decisions are generally made by reaching a consensus of the Board. Some decisions require the approval of the Shareholders' Committee, as documented in the company's articles of association. There is a protocol for voting at Board meetings and by the Shareholders' Committee, where voting is required on matters of strategic importance. 
Information and advice The Board is provided with information in a timely manner on matters that are to be considered at Board and committee meetings. Directors have access to the advice of the Group General Counsel and Company Secretary, who are responsible for advising the Board on all governance matters and ensuring that Board procedures are complied with. Directors can seek independent advice on the performance of their duties. 
The Board also receives assurances from various in-house technical specialists that the company's financial reporting, risk management, governance and internal control processes, including policies mandating procedural requirements and standards, are operating effectively. It is the Board's responsibility to make sure that this assurance is delivered. 
Discharging responsibilities The directors delegate day-to-day management and decision-making to senior management. However, delegation is subject to financial limits and other restrictions, above which matters must be referred back to the Board. The directors maintain oversight of performance and ensure that management acts in line with the strategy and plans agreed by the Board and its delegated authorities.


Our policies and processes embrace our operating practices. Managers have the authority to make decisions and that authority is delegated as far as is practicable - but with clear accountabilities. Some matters involving risk are escalated in accordance with clear guidelines on evaluation and authority to approve. 
The Group operates a Business Management System, STEP, that sets out the policies and procedures of the Group and the decision-making and authority framework. This determines our levels of delegated authority and operated workflows. 
Committees of the Board The Board delegates responsibilities and activities to its committees to support the Board in meeting its responsibilities effectively, efficiently and on a timely basis. 
The purpose of each committee is explained on page 9 showing how they support the Board to meet its responsibilities. The terms of reference of each committee are reviewed annually, agreed by the Board and ratified by the Shareholders' Committee. 
The committees monitor and report to the Board on their remits, making recommendations on policies, strategies and initiatives, with the Board retaining ultimate responsibility for any decisions made. 
The Shareholders' Committee The Shareholders' Committee is responsible for reviewing reports from the Board and contributing to discussion on strategic or operational matters to improve management of the business. It reviews and approves recommendations made by its sub-committees and by the Board, when such approvals are required. 
It consists mainly of senior employee shareholders selected with the aim of providing a balanced representation from different parts of the global business. It also typically includes two independent members whose role is to enhance discussion and decision-making. 
Executive Board directors are not members of the Shareholders' Committee or its sub-committees. They attend meetings to explain principles, deliver information and provide context to discussion. 
The Shareholders' Committee delegates responsibilities and activities to its sub-committees, which support the Shareholders' Committee in meeting its agenda effectively, efficiently and on a timely basis. 
The purpose of each sub-committee is set out on page 9 showing how they support the Shareholders' Committee 


 
to meet its responsibilities. The terms of reference of each sub-committee are reviewed annually and agreed by the Board and the Shareholders' Committee. 
Principle 4 - Opportunity and risk The Board should promote the long-term sustainable success of the company by identifying opportunities to create and preserve value and establishing oversight to identify and mitigate risks. 
Opportunity and value The Group creates value through developing information for our clients. The processes for developing information are maintained in our STEP business management system. The information we develop takes many forms but typically we generate reports, computer models and designs. We also provide clients with resources to manage programmes of work or to supervise the work of others, which may include construction. 
We select the customers we seek to work with through selective focus when we assess where we have a specific strength and a basis to build long-term strategic relationships. Our approach is to focus on clients that offer sustained addressable opportunity in our chosen sectors. We assign client account leaders to have oversight of the client's development plans and to maintain high levels of client satisfaction through our services. 
The Board has responsibility for determining the nature and extent of the risk it is willing to take and this is recorded in the Group Risk Appetite. It is also responsible for ensuring that risks are managed effectively across the Group. 
Managing business risk Business risks are treated by the Board's Risk Committee. Each business risk has three levels of escalation identified in a risk treatment plan. The Group's principal risks and uncertainties are noted on pages 4 and 5. 
The Group's Risk Principal reports directly to the Group's Operations Director and reports three times a year to the Risk Committee on the level of risk in the business. In addition, risks related to health, safety and security are reported to the Board at each meeting. The Risk Principal prepares a report on business ethics for the Board for six meetings a year. 
An overall risk report which summarises salient points for information and action is prepared for the Board once a year. 
During the year, we appointed a Compliance Officer for the Group who reports to the Group's General Counsel and who has oversight of investigations into alleged breaches of our code of conduct and any significant process failure.


In addition to Board oversight, the Shareholders' Committee has an Audit and Risk Assurance sub-committee which requires an assessment of risk to be presented at each of its quarterly meetings. 
Managing project risk before contract Managing project uncertainty starts at the work winning stage. Client account leaders build a good understanding of clients' business plans, culture and commercial approach and what they want out of their projects. 
We then assess each prospect for its complexity to identify the level of control that is required for project delivery and the required competence of the project leadership team. That determines the right mix of project controls specialists and commercial managers needed in the team to support the project manager and project principal. For more complex projects, the project principal is supported by an oversight board. 
We undertake due diligence on our supply chain before we contract with them. Where risks related to technical competence, business ethics, modern slavery or safeguarding are high, further work is carried out to seek to ensure that the association with the supplier will enhance, not damage, our reputation. 
The Group identifies attributes related to material technical and commercial risks for which special approvals are required to take the risk before a tender can be submitted. 
Managing project risk after contract Project uncertainty is managed through STEP which is ISO 9001:2015 compliant. It defines our approach to project delivery and is mandated for all projects in the Group. STEP is compliant with ISO standards for health and safety, environment, anti-bribery management, risk, information security and collaborative working. 
Uncertainty is managed through project risk registers, which record the uncertainty associated with the project. In addition, specific registers assessing risk associated with health, safety and security, as well as environmental, technology and information security matters, can be prepared. 
Monthly project review meetings are carried out by the project teams. They monitor risk and uncertainty and update the risk register, project budget and project delivery plan. 
Performance is also monitored at a senior management level using exception reports, which identify anomalies that need to be investigated, evaluated and followed up. 
Compliance with our quality systems is managed through our quality in-house specialists, who carry out audits and 
reviews of the application of our system, and through external auditors, who are currently DNV-GL. We have a single contract for the global operation and receive consistent assessment of the quality of our compliance to STEP. 
The Group's external and internal financial auditors consider the effectiveness of controls in this area, with matters arising for improvement reported to the Board and the Audit and Risk Assurance sub-committee. 
Principle 5 - Remuneration The Board should promote executive remuneration structures aligned to the long-term sustainable success of the company, taking into account pay and conditions elsewhere in the company. 
Consistency and control We operate a consistent and equitable approach to remuneration, focusing on reward industry benchmarking to ensure individuals are paid competitively and that their pay progresses fairly as their careers advance. 
Benchmarking means that we can make compelling and competitive offerings in our chosen markets and locations, which is essential for attracting and retaining the best talent. 
Remuneration management is run through our regional structures. Direction. oversight and governance are provided from regional management teams. Oversight of the regional teams and governance for recommendations and proposals, such as the annual pay review, sit with the Board. 
Remuneration and Equity sub-committee A remuneration and equity sub-committee which reports to the Shareholders' Committee reviews and approves Board proposals on remuneration and equity, including: 
• Annual staff salary increments by geography and/or sector. • The size and allocation of the discretionary bonus pool for employees and the criteria for awarding bonuses. • Compensation proposals (salary and benefits) 
for the directors of the Board. 
• Annual share allocations to business units to use to offer shares to employees and directors to buy. 
• The annual dividend and increase in value in company shares. 
• The size and allocation of discretionary bonus pools to distribute to employee shareholders. 
All such proposals are based on the performance of the Group, the business segment and the individual. Performance is defined and measured with metrics such as revenue growth, profit growth, profitability, working capital, ethics, collaboration and technical excellence. Metrics are commonly measured on a multi-year averaged basis to prevent short-termism.


The sub-committee is typically chaired by an independent member of the Shareholders' Committee, wherever possible, and meets three times a year to consider Board proposals. 
Directors and independent members The sub-committee reviews the remuneration of executive directors, as well as the allocation of shares for them to buy. That provides an effective control over their remuneration and equity, ensuring a measured and justified value proposition. Their remuneration and shares allocation to buy is driven by the same performance principles used for staff. 
The sub-committee also reviews and appraises the Board's current policies and mechanisms for reward and considers proposals by the Board to change them for the better interests of the company, its employees and stakeholders. 
Independent members are remunerated for the services they perform. In line with recommended practice, an important pillar of corporate governance is that they are not given the opportunity to buy shares. This helps to ensure that they are independent and objective. 
Equality, diversity and inclusion (EDI) We support the UK Government's move to address the gender pay gap and although we are confident that men and women are paid equally for doing the same jobs across our UK business, we recognise the need to address the gender pay gap and are resolute in doing so. We apply those principles and that objective across the Group. 
EDI dashboards launched in early 2019 provide detailed data and insights into the full employee lifecycle. The dashboards support us in our aim for our EDI efforts to be data-driven and intelligence led across all aspects of diversity. These tools allow us to tailor our efforts to the unique nature of our different business units and focus activity where it will have the most impact. We are also using the dashboard data to inform unit EDI action plans. 
Principle 6 - Stakeholder relationships and engagement Directors should foster effective stakeholder relationships aligned to the company's purpose. The Board is responsible for overseeing meaningful engagement with stakeholders, including the workforce, and having regard to their views when taking decisions. 
The directors promote effective engagement with stakeholders to inform them of the company's strategies, plans and initiatives and seek feedback on them. This includes thought leadership and other forms of interactive communication to access views and opinions from shareholders, employees, clients and stakeholders. 
The directors use these communications to be informed of views, opinions and perceptions of the company, its activities and its strategy and of wider social issues which are relevant to the company and society. 
This enables the directors to take these views into account in running the business and to reflect them where appropriate in their decision-making and in ensuring they act in the company's best interest, promoting its long-term success in doing so. 
Employees The directors have regular engagement with employees to ensure that they are informed of the Group's strategy, plans and initiatives and are aware of its performance. They also engage with them to understand their views and ideas on the company's policies, processes, initiatives, work practices and behaviours in the workplace. 
Details of this engagement process are set out in the directors' report, page 17. 
Employee shareholders The directors also maintain regular engagement with employee shareholders. The purpose is to align them with the Group's interests, to keep them regularly briefed on the Group's performance, delivery of strategy, material initiatives and company news. 
This enables the Board to keep shareholders informed and seek their views and feedback as part of corporate decision-making. It helps to ensure that the directors act in the best interest of the company, promoting its long-term success in doing so. This includes the directors providing: 
• An internal share programme for senior employees to buy shares in the company. The aim is to secure and retain employees, aligning with the long-term success of the company. 
• Quarterly business reviews for shareholders to brief them on the company's progress, highlighting areas of success and areas for improvement. 
• An annual performance review for shareholders to highlight results for the year and areas for improvement. It connects business performance, investment and shareholder return. 
• A summarised strategy for shareholders highlighting its key features and the value proposition to deliver to benefit clients and stakeholders and drive the company's success. 
• A website for shareholders providing ease of access to corporate and shareholder information.


A presentation at the AGM of the annual results, plans for the coming year and updates on Group initiatives. The aim is to help shareholders understand the plans of the company, relating them to the needs of clients and stakeholders. 
• Presentations to shareholders after the AGM to provide interactive updates of initiatives. The aim is to brief shareholders on initiatives that will provide future value for employees, clients and stakeholders. 
• A summarised form of the AGM in regional offices to shareholders and management across the Group not able to attend the AGM. This fosters engagement and commitment. 
• Regional forums for senior employees and shareholders. The aim is to engage them in the most recent developments and plans in their business and across the Group. 
Clients The directors maintain a programme of regular engagement with clients to foster long-term relationships for mutual benefit. The purpose is to better understand their plans, needs and aspirations to make sure that the company's strategy and decision making is aligned with their aims and objectives. That helps the directors act in the best interest of the company and promote its long-term success. This includes the directors establishing: 
• Account Leaders for key clients. Their role is to understand the client's business and ensure that their views and plans are front and centre to our strategy and decision-making. 
• Client engagement plans for effective relationship management, allowing us to align our plans to areas of.mutual common interest and benefit for clients. 
• Information which is targeted at selected clients. This includes printed and digital publications on specific subjects; project case studies and thought leadership. The aim is to promote discussion of industry initiatives and areas of topical interest. 
• Visits by the Board to key business locations to meet clients and employees, to get an informed view of local markets, the local business and the quality of our brand. The aim is to enhance focus and performance. 
• Satisfaction surveys for individual clients to get their views on service provision. They provide comparative feedback of our standing against our competitors. This enables us to learn, improve and pull their feedback into our development plans and strategies for them. 
• Directors' participation in the management of key clients. The aim is to fully understand how we can build their views and thinking into our decisions for future development and to match their aspirations. 


 
Stakeholders The directors maintain regular engagement with clients and wider stakeholders such as suppliers, business partners, and other market players or academic bodies. This enables them to enhance market focus, improve decision-making and promote the long-term success of the company more effectively. This includes the directors: 
• Using PR and social media to share our experts' views and thought leadership on industry topics. 
• Issuing the Mott MacDonald Corporate Prospectus which profiles global issues, and our responding capabilities and project delivery. 
• Maintaining the Mott MacDonald corporate website and other websites that communicate with clients, stakeholders and wider society to promote our purpose, capabilities and values. 
• Running client-focused publications and webinars that profile clients' needs and their views on our project creation and delivery. 
• Running client and stakeholder events that provide the opportunity to engage with clients and partners. We use them to build knowledge of future activities and to understand the needs and views of our clients. 
• Meeting our relationship banks during the year to brief them on strategy, performance and business themes to give them assurance on the quality of our business performance and our financial bank covenants. 
• Meeting the trustees of our larger pension schemes to keep updated on pension funding, the current performance of scheme investments and the sensitivity of economic indicators impacting funding. In return the directors brief the trustees on the Group's performance and prospects. 
• Meeting larger suppliers on a regular basis to ensure there is a healthy and fair value proposition for both parties while maintaining quality and rigour in our working arrangements.
