Corporate Governance 
The Nando's Board have chosen to report the company's corporate governance against the Wates Corporate Governance Principles for Large Private companies. 
Purpose and Leadership Nando's believes its purpose is to change lives. This is set out in the Strategic Report detailing Values and Engagement. 
The Board and Director Responsibilities The Board takes a number of steps to ensure that when making decisions there is sufficient regard to key stakeholders. During the period ended 23 February 2020 the Board has engaged significantly to understand the corporate governance needed to promote balanced decision making and the Board will look for further inclusion of all stakeholder interests in the decision making process in the period ended 28 February 2021.


The Nando's board consists of Executive Directors, Non-Executive Directors and shareholder representatives. 
The Board has 3 scheduled core meetings every year with additional meetings scheduled as required. The Board receives regular and timely information on all key aspects of the business. Day to day running of the business is delegated by the Board to the "Mesa" (our executive leadership team). 
The board also maintains a conflicts of interest register to ensure that decisions are made independently. 
The Board have established and approved terms of reference for the Audit Committee. The Audit Committee assists the Board in responsibilities regarding financial reporting and overseeing the performance and independence of external auditors. The Audit Committee also assists the Board in matters of risk management and internal controls, including monitoring and reviewing the effectiveness of fraud policies, internal control and risk management. Membership consists of one Executive and one Non-Executive Director. 
Opportunity and risk The key operational risks and mitigations are set out in the Strategic Report above under the section entitled principle risks and uncertainties. The Audit Committee is required to give regular updates of the group risk schedule to the Board. 
Remuneration The current remuneration policy is that the CEO salary is recommended by the Chairman; Mesa (Executive Directors) and other executive management salary are recommended by the CEO and approved by the Chairman. The same principle is then cascaded down throughout management. The Chairman salary is set by the major shareholders. 
Executive Director and Senior Management remuneration is assessed against a balanced scorecard comprising financial and non-financial targets (including Nandoca staff welfare and brand scores). 
Stakeholder Relationships and Engagement Further information about the key stakeholder groups and how the Board consider these groups In relation to decisions made are set out within the strategic report including Values and Engagement and Employees.

