Corporate Governance 
2. Board Composition 
Corporate Governance Statement 
National Grid Gas pie (the Company) aims to achieve high standards of leadership and governance. At National Grid pie level, the Company s ultimate shareholder, its board considers that ii complied in full with the provisions of the UK Corporate Governance Code 2018 (the Code) during the year being reported on. Historically, the Company has been mindful of the principles of the Code and has developed its governance and oversight of the Company considering not only National Grid pie, but the wider range of stakeholders in its business. During the year, the Board reviewed its corporate governance arrangements. The Company s Board has chosen to apply the Wates Corporate Governance Principles for Large Private Companies (the Wates Principles) for the year ended 31 March 2020. The Wates Principles provide a code of corporate governance for large private companies to raise awareness of good practice and over time to continue to improve the standards of corporate governance. They also support directors to meet the requirements of section 172 Companies Act 2006. 
The Corporate Governance Statement sets out the principal areas of the Company s governance together with an explanation of areas where it considers it has operated consistently with the Wates Principles. For ease of reference, the governance is explained under the Wates Principles headings. 
1. Purpose and Leadership An effective board develops and promotes the purpose of a 
company, and ensure that its values, strategy and culture align with that purpose. 
Our purpose is to Bring Energy to Life. As described on page 9, we work within the purpose, vision, strategy and values of the National Grid Group to ensure we are well positioned to respond to changes in the operating environment. The Board is responsible for oversight of the Company s strategy and has considered its development during the reporting period. In December 2019, the Board took part in a Strategy Day outside of the usual Board meeting calendar. This allowed for focus on key strategic matters and to consider views of both internal and external stakeholders. 
The Board is collectively responsible for its governance and its effective oversight of the Company and its business and compliance with its obligations under the Gas Transmission Licence. To facilitate this, a comprehensive governance framework has been established. This governance framework forms part of the wider National Grid pie governance framework and is aligned, as required and is applicable, to the Company. The framework is described in further detail below. 
Effective board composition requires an effective chair and a balance of skills, backgrounds, experience and knowledge, with individual directors having sufficient capacity to make a valuable contribution. The size of a board should be guided by the scale and complexity of the company. 
Balance and Diversity 
Reinforcing its commitment to sound corporate governance the Board has continued to strengthen and develop both its composition and governance framework, implementing, as applicable, many of the best practice governance principles in operation at the National Grid pie level. During the year, the Board consisted of seven executive directors and two Sufficiently Independent Directors (SIDs) who between them provide a broad and diverse range of experience and technical skills from both within and external to the organisation, from the energy sector, other regulated industries and external bodies. Full details of the Directors who were in office during the year and up to the date of signing the financial statements can be found in the Directors Report on pages 41 to 42. 
This depth and breadth of experience, and the independence brought by the SIDs, enables the Board to engage in constructive and challenging discussions, considering the perspectives and interests not only of the Company s shareholder but the wider range of stakeholders in the business. 
The National Grid Group promotes diversity further details of the Group policy can be found publicly in the group accounts, details are available on page 53. Whilst there is no requirement for an individual policy on Board diversity for the Company, the Board is pleased to report that as at 31 March 2020 the gender balance on the Board was 56% male and 44% female. 
Chair 
The Boards Chair, Nicola Shaw CBE, continues to sit as an Executive Director of the National Grid pie Board. Through her participation at the Boards of both companies, the Board of the Company is well placed to identify and facilitate understanding of the views of its ultimate shareholder. The Board believes this is a valuable part of the overall corporate governance framework, is appropriate for a subsidiary company part of a larger group and provides greater benefits than separating the roles of the chair and chief executive, as per the Wates Principles guidance. 
Sufficiently Independent Directors 
The appointment of two SIDs in April 2014 has provided the Board with independent challenge and input to the decisionmaking process. The SIDs bring to the Board a wealth of experience and knowledge in the utility sector, government and regulatory organisations and other business and organisations outside of the energy sector. 
Dr Clive Elphick has remained in his role as SID since April 2014. During the year, Dr Catherine Bell stepped down from the Board on 21 June 2019. The Board would like to record their thanks for Catherine s service to the Board since 2014. Cathryn Ross was appointed to the Board as a SID with effect from 21 June 2019. Cathryn is Director of Regulatory Affairs of BT Group pie and was formerly Chief Executive of Ofwat. 
The SIDs input and involvement in developing the governance framework is demonstrated through their leadership of two committees of the Board: the Audit Committee and Business


Separation Compliance Committee. Within the boardroom, the constructive independent challenge and input brought by the SIDs support the Board in considering the wider range of stakeholders in the business. Outside of the boardroom, the SIDs hold an annual meeting with the Chief Executive Officer of National Grid pie, enabling them to strengthen their, and the Board s, engagement and understanding of the views of the shareholder. Additionally, in their roles as members of the Company s Audit Committee, the SIDs hold an annual meeting with the Chair of the National Grid pie Audit Committee creating a formal information flow between the independent directors of the two committees. 
The SIDs attend site and operational visits and briefing sessions on key strategic matters outside of the Board meeting calendar, enabling them to strengthen their knowledge and understanding of the business. These activities also provide the opportunity to create further links between the business and the boardroom. 
Executive Directors 
For the reporting period, the executive director membership of the Board consisted of the senior managers of the gas transmission business, the gas system operator business, regulatory, finance, treasury and change functions. Dawn Childs, UK Change Director, was appointed to the Board on 10 December 2019. On 1 January 2020, Fintan Slye resigned from the Board in line with the reorganisation of the Gas System Operator function which became part of the Gas Transmission business to further simplify our structure. Following the year end, Alistair Todd, the newly appointed UK Chief Financial Officer, was appointed to the Board with effect from 30 April 2020. Alan Foster will step down following the signing of these accounts as he moves to a new role within the National Grid Group. 
All Board appointments are made in consultation with its shareholder and in accordance with National Grids Procedure for the Appointment of Directors to Subsidiary Companies. 
Director induction and development 
Director briefings on the statutory duties and responsibilities of directors have been presented during the reporting period; training has been made available to new directors and reference material has been placed in the online document library. 
Continuing director training and development is delivered both within and outside of the boardroom. On appointment, Cathryn Ross, Dawn Childs and Alistair Todd have received a director induction programme. 
Within the boardroom, the Board receive updates and presentations on current operational matters and specific initiatives within the business and wider National Grid Group. These presentations also provide an opportunity to benefit from the input of other Board members on matters within their area of the business. 
3. Director Responsibilities The board and individual directors should have a clear 
understanding of their accountability and responsibilities. The board's policies and procedures should support effective decision-making and independent challenge. The Board maintains a schedule of matters specifically reserved for its consideration and decision. This is aligned, as appropriate, to that of the National Grid pie board with additional responsibilities as required by licence obligations. The matters 
reserved cover matters categorised as: Strategy, Management and Finance, Director and Employee Issues, Corporate Governance, Financial and Regulatory Reporting and Shareholders and includes oversight of the relationship with the regulatory bodies, including Ofgem, Department of Business, Energy and Industrial Strategy and the Health and Safety Executive. 
To support the Board, there is an established framework of Committees, to which the Board delegates defined duties under Terms of Reference and within a framework of DoA. Further detail on the work of the Committees can be found below. 
The Boards accountability for financial business reporting and risk management and internal control is undertaken within the wider Group governance framework and processes. As a regulated entity, the Board has responsibility for annual regulatory financial reporting requirements which it applies the same rigorous governance processes as that of the statutory accounts, and it involves the work of the Audit Committee. Reporting on the regulatory regime is overseen by the Board, and further detail can be found on page 3. 
Board meetings are generally scheduled and communicated approximately a year in advance providing all directors with sufficient notice to attend meetings. The matters to be considered throughout the annual board meeting schedule fulfil the Boards responsibilities in line with its statutory duties, licence obligations, its matters reserved for the Board and its authority under the Group Delegations of Authority (DoA) from National Grid pie. The Boards supervision of the Company s operations is fulfilled through standing agenda items on safety matters, business overviews from the transmission owner and system operator and financial performance. The Boards consideration of health and safety matters covers all parts of the operational business and takes into account the health and safety of the workforce and members of the public. In addition to this the Board receives a suite of management reports, in line with National Grid Group reporting, providing updates on different aspects of the business. 
To enable the Board to be effective and efficient within the boardroom a number of procedures have been established: papers supporting each agenda item are distributed in advance, typically a week before the meeting; training and briefings on specific matters are scheduled outside of Board meetings; and the Chair holds a short meeting with the SIDs and Company Secretary before each meeting to share feedback and discuss the dynamics of the meeting, enabling a process of continuous improvement for the operation of future Board meetings. 
Six regular Board meetings were scheduled during the year and additional meetings were scheduled to ensure appropriate focus on key strategic matters impacting the Company. The Board held two additional Board meetings to focus solely on the RIIO-2 business plan. The Board has been fully involved in developing the business plan and has provided review and challenge to ensure the evidence and assurance demonstrate that the plan is of high quality. The Board has been actively involved in defining the nature and approach of the assurance carried out on the plan in reviewing the findings of the assurance programme. Further details of the Boards engagement with stakeholders as part of the development of the business plan can be found below see RIIO-2 Stakeholder Engagement. The Board also convened a full Board meeting to consider Covid-19 and the impact on the Company. This will continue to be a standing agenda item and area of focus for the Board.


In December 2019, the Board held a Strategy Day covering a range of key strategic topics, allowing Directors.to focus on internal and external factors which influence the strategy. 
Committees 
The Board has established a number of committees and subcommittees which assist in its activities and operate within agreed Terms of Reference and a framework of DoA. The Committees of the Board are listed below: 
Gas Transmission Executive Committee Business Separation Compliance Committee Finance Committee Sanction Committee Audit Committee 
The Company does not have a Nominations Committee or Remuneration Committee as these functions are provided by National Grid pie see the Annual Report and Accounts of National Grid pie for further information about these committees page 84 for the work of the Nominations Committee and pages 88 to 107 for the work of the Remuneration Committee. 
Safety, environmental and health (SEH) matters are a priority for the Board. The Board does not have a specific Board subcommittee for SEH matters. Instead, it delegates the day-to-day management of safety matters to the safety committee with the Gas Transmission business. The work of this committee is supported, and forms part of, the National Grid Group wide safety governance framework, which ensures there is strong interaction with the UK SEH Committee and Group SEH Committee. In turn, the UK SEH Committee provides regular reports to the Board, whilst ensuring a consistent delivery of safety through its interactions with the Group Executive Committee. 
Gas Transmission Executive Committee 
This Committee directs the affairs of the Gas Transmission business on behalf of the Board, to perform an assurance role within the context of the overall RIIO networks governance framework and oversees the performance of a sub-committees reporting to it. The Committee s remit extends to approving the GT strategies and business objectives for managing the RIIO contract and for approving opportunities to deliver value within that contract in accordance with DoA limits. 
The Committee comprises the senior management of the GT and GSO business and is chaired by Phil Sheppard, a Director of the Board. 
System Operator Executive Team 
The System Operator Executive Team acts within National Grids overall corporate governance framework and delegated authorities and is responsible for the strategic direction of Great Britain Gas System Operator activities and RIIO incentive and output performance measures. Following the internal reorganisation of the GSO business, the SOET ceased to be a sub-committee of the Board on 1 January 2020, with all duties transferring to the Gas Transmission Executive Committee. 
Business Separation Compliance Committee 
The Business Separation Compliance Committee of the Board is responsible for overseeing the duties and tasks of the Business Separation Compliance Officer and for overseeing compliance with the business separation licence conditions. 
Membership of the Committee is by appointment of the Board and comprises all directors of the licensee. For the reporting period, the Committee was chaired by Dr Catherine Bell, SID, and subsequently by Cathryn Ross, SID, with effect from her appointment to the Board, providing independent leadership of the Committee. 
The Business Separation Compliance Officer/Compliance Officer are in attendance and present reports on their duties, activities and compliance with the licence obligations. 
Two Committee meetings were held during the year, with additional meetings taking place between the Chair of the Committee and the Business Separation Compliance Officer/ Compliance Officer. Following the meetings, the Chair provided updates to the Board on matters considered at the meetings. Please refer to the separate sections on Business separation and the Company s Compliance Statement for further information. 
Finance Committee 
The Finance Committee of the Board is responsible for setting policy and grants authority for financing decisions, credit exposure, hedging and foreign exchange transactions, guarantees and indemnities, all subject to the risk appetite of the Board. It also approves other treasury, taxation and pension funding matters, as well as having responsibility for the governance of the Company s pension schemes and the Company s insurance strategies, and if appropriate, recommends these to the Board. 
Membership of the Committee comprises the Chief Financial Officer of National Grid pie and the Group Treasurer, a director of the Board. The Committee interfaces with the Finance Committee of National Grid pie and the Board. During the year, the Finance Committee met four times. 
Each Board meeting considers a separate agenda item on the work of the Finance Committee. Financial reporting on the financing activities, taxation and financial costs and liabilities of the pension schemes is provided through the regular financial management reports discussed at each Board meeting. 
Sanction Committee 
During the year, the Sanction Committee was established to improve enablement and drive efficiencies in the decisionmaking process across National Grids UK business. The Committee receives delegated authority from the Board to consider and sanction investments impacting multiple business units. 
Membership of the Committee comprises representatives from across the UK business, including Phil Sheppard, and is chaired by the Head of UK Finance. During the year, the Sanction Committee met five times. 
Audit Committee 
The Audit Committees role is to keep under review the Company s financial reporting and internal controls and their effectiveness, together with reviewing the Company s risk management processes. It also reviews the external audit plan and reviews the external auditors findings. 
Membership of this Committee is comprised of three Board directors: the two SIDs and an executive director, the Group Treasurer. The Committee is chaired by Dr Clive Elphick, SID, providing independent leadership. Financial experience is provided by all Committee members.


In addition to the members of the Committee, individuals such as representatives of the external auditors, Head of UK Audit, representatives of the Assurance function, UK Chief Financial Officer and other representatives of the finance function and the UK General Counsel and Company Secretary may be invited to attend by the Committee and normally attend each meeting. Other Directors, representatives of the business and external advisers may be invited to attend as and when considered appropriate by the Committee and in respect of items that are relevant to them. 
The Audit Committee provides the assurance required by the Board on matters within its authority. The Chairman provides a report on the meeting to the following Board meeting, and where applicable makes recommendations to the Board. The Board considers these recommendations and, where required, seeks further assurance and details to be brought to the Board. 
As noted above, to strengthen the governance links to National Grid, the SIDs hold an annual meeting with the Chairman of the National Grid pie Audit Committee. 
The preparation and management of the Audit Committee s annual meeting schedule follows the same governance processes as those for the Board. Technical briefings and meetings with the UK Chief Financial Officer and members of the financial function are held before meetings, as required, to provide further details on matters to be discussed during the meetings. 
Areas of focus 
The Audit Committee meetings considered a programme of matters comprising those which were aligned to that of the National Grid pie Audit Committee and specific matters as they related to the Company, as a listed and regulated entity and as defined in the Terms of Reference for the Committee. Examples of key areas of focus included: 
Statutory and regulatory accounting statements; Going concern statements; Fair, balanced and understandable statements; Financial reporting; Internal controls and processes; Regulatory accounting; Risk management processes; 
Compliance matters, including compliance with licence obligations; Internal (corporate) audit plan; and Business conduct, including whistleblowing. Significant issues 
The most significant issues the Committee considered during the year were matters relating to internal controls and processes, compliance and judgements made in the preparation of the year-end financial statements. 
Looking forward, the Co_mmittee will continue to focus on the effectiveness of the internal control environment, providing input to the Group wide process. 
External audit 
The Committee is responsible for overseeing relations with the external auditors, as part of the Group wide external audit arrangements. Each Committee meeting is preceded by a meeting between the SIDs and the external auditor, without management present, to allow independent discussions on any matters the auditors would like to bring to the attention of the Committee. 
The Committee reviews the audit plan and audit findings in respect of the audit of the statutory accounts. The Committee also engages on auditor recommendations for improvements around internal controls. Through regular management reporting on internal controls, the Committee is able to monitor progress of the actions being taken. 
Internal (corporate) audit 
The Company does not have a separate internal audit function. This function is provided by National Grid's Corporate Audit function, which provides independent, objective, assurance to the Company s Audit Committee, Group SEH Committee and Executive Committees on whether the existing control and governance frameworks are operating effectively in order to meet National Grid's strategic objectives. Assurance work is conducted and managed in accordance with the IIA international standards for the Professional Practice of Internal Auditing and Code of Ethics. 
Inputs to the audit plan include principal risks, risk registers, corporate priorities, and external research of emerging risks and trends, and discussions with senior management to make sure the plan aligns with the Committee and Company s view of risk. The audit plan is considered and approved by the Committee annually and progress against the plan is monitored throughout the year. 
The Committee received regular controls updates from the Corporate Audit team. Management actions on audit findings have continued to be a focus at Executive meetings resulting in greater visibility of audit findings, increased ownership of actions and greater engagement by senior management. 
Auditor's independence and objectivity The independence of the external auditor is essential to the provision of an objective opinion on the true and fair view presented in the financial statements. We remain satisfied that Deloitte remain sufficiently independent of National Grid Gas pie; the audit report presents the results of Deloitte s own independence assessment on page 46. Following consideration of the auditor's independence from NGG, their objectivity, the audit quality and the auditor's performance, the Committee was satisfied with the effectiveness, independence and objectivity of Deloitte and recommended to the Board their reappointment for the year ended 31 March 2021. A resolution to re-appoint Deloitte and giving authority to the Directors to determine their remuneration will be submitted to shareholders at the 2020 AGM.


4. Opportunity and Risk RII0-2 Stakeholder Engagement 
A board should promote the long-term sustainable success of the company by identifying opportunities to create and preserve value, and establishing oversight for the identification and mitigation of risks. 
Risk Management is fundamental to delivering the long-term success of the Company and for that reason a separate section of the Annual Report and Accounts has been dedicated to describing our internal controls and risk management on pages 21 to 28. 
5. Remuneration 
A board should promote executive remuneration structures aligned to the long-term sustainable success of a company, taking into account pay and conditions elsewhere in the company. Executive remuneration is controlled by the ultimate parent company, National Grid pie. Further information on this is available within the Remuneration Report of National Grid pies Annual Report and Accounts on pages 88 to 107. 
6. Stakeholder Relationships and Engagement Directors should foster effective stakeholder relationships aligned to the company's purpose. The board is responsible for overseeing meaningful engagement with stakeholders, including the workforce, and having regard to their views when taking decisions. In the previous reporting period, the Board reported that they had taken the opportunity to review stakeholder engagement, including that of workforce engagement and had discussed its duty under section 172 of the Companies Act 2006. This focus has continued during the reporting period, with a significant focus on reviewing and mapping out key stakeholder groups and discussing the Board s currently level of engagement and incorporation of its views into decision-making. The Board believes it is important that the Company builds on the extensive range of workforce engagement activities that are already in place and continues to consider workforce views in relevant decision-making processes. The Board will continue to review and adapt its approach during the 2020/21 financial year, considering new ways to engage with the workforce effectively. 
Engaging with stakeholders to deliver long-term success is a key area of focus for the Board. Senior Executives within the business have regular interactions with Ofgem and the Health and Safety Executive. The Company also organises stakeholder fora and consultations with stakeholders, including members of the public, our suppliers and customer around specific projects and proposed business plan submissions for RIIO-2. We work with other networks and organisations outside of the energy industry to identify good practice. 
For the development of the Company s RIIO-2 business plan, we have followed Ofgem s enhanced stakeholder engagement process, which is based on deep engagement with customers, stakeholders and end consumers to ensure our business plans balance and deliver on their needs. This was our largest ever engagement exercise to date. Two independent groups were established to provide challenge through this process a Company-specific User Group and an Ofgem Challenge Group looking across all networks. Regular discussions were held at Board level on progress with stakeholder engagement, the development of the business plans and on interactions with the independent challenge groups. On invitation, the Chair of the Independent User Group met with the Board throughout 2019 to better understand the Group s views and to allow for effective two-way engagement. Directors also attended meetings of the Independent User Group to strengthen the overall stakeholder engagement, with an emphasis on two-way feedback. 
Following a period of engagement with Ofgem, we submitted our final business plan for RIIO-2 in December 2019. Thereafter, engagement has continued with Ofgem evidencing various aspects of the Company s business plan such as the formal Q&A process to explore our business plan submission ahead of its draft and final determinations later in 2020. 
Workforce Engagement 
Engagement with our people takes many forms, including employee engagement sessions, reviewing and implementing actions from the employee survey results, meetings with Trade Union representatives, leadership off-sites and site visits by Directors. The results of the annual employee survey are reported to the Board, providing insight into how our employees are feeling about the business and its direction. Action plans are developed to progress any areas of improvements that are identified. During the year, Directors have mapped out their workforce engagement activities and an action plan is being developed to further enhance this engagement to allow for effective two-way engagement with the workforce.
