Corporate Governance statement 
The Companies (Miscellaneous Reporting) Regulations 2018 introduced new statutory reporting requirements for financial years beginning on or after 1 January 2019. As a result of these new requirements, the directors of the company are required to provide a statement in the Directors' Report stating which corporate governance code, if any, the company followed during the year; how it applied the code and any part of the code it did not follow. For the financial year ended 31 December 2019, the company has chosen to report against the Wates Corporate Governance Principles for Large Companies (the Wates Principles) and the disclosures below explain how the company has applied the Wates Principles in the context of its corporate governance arrangements. 
1. Purpose and leadership Purpose RBS Group's Purpose is established by the RBSG pie Board, promoted across RBS Group and cascaded to subsidiaries including NWM Pie. Further information on RBS Group's Purpose can be found in the 2019 Annual Report and Accounts of RBSG pie. 
Strategy RBS Group's strategy is set and approved by the RBSG pie Board. 
The NWM Pie Board (the Board) reviews and sets the strategic direction of NWM Pie and, as appropriate, the strategies for each of its businesses within the parameters set by the RBSG pie Board. It subsequently oversees the execution of the strategy and holds management to account for its delivery. 
Culture The RBSG pie Board is supported in monitoring culture across RBS Group by the Group Sustainable Banking Committee and the Group Board Risk Committee. RBS Group is on a journey towards a generative risk culture whereby "risk is simply part of the way people work and think". 
Building a healthy culture that embodies Our Values is a core priority for RBS Group. 
Our Values, which guide the way RBS Group identifies the right people to serve customers well, and how to manage, engage and reward colleagues, are at the heart of Our Code (the RBS Group-wide Code of Conduct). 
There is regular reporting to the Board on culture, so as to provide appropriate oversight of culture matters. More specifically, with regards to risk culture, significant progress has been made towards addressing historical conduct issues, including the strengthening of the governance arrangements, improved management information and wider engagement with staff. This supports our ambition to create a positive culture and strengthen 'good conduct' outcomes for clients. 
2. Board Composition The Board The Board has six directors comprising the Chairman, one executive director (being the Chief Executive Officer) and four further nonexecutive directors. The size of the Board is considered appropriate, taking into account the size and scale of NWM Pie's business. Biographies for each of the directors can be found on our website: 
https://www.nwm.com/about-us/board-andgovernance/board-of-directors 
The Chairman The role of the Chairman is to lead the Board and ensure its overall effectiveness. This is distinct and separate from that of the Chief Executive Officer who manages the business day-to-day. The Chairman is also a member of the RBSG pie Board which provides an appropriate linkage to the wider RBS Group and ensures alignment and awareness in respect of RBS Group-wide matters. 
Non-Executive Directors The majority of the Board comprises independent non-executive Directors. Their role is to challenge and scrutinise the performance of management and to help develop proposals on strategy. They also review the performance of management in meeting agreed goals and objectives and monitor the firm's risk profile. The nonexecutive directors combine broad business and commercial expertise and bring experience from a wealth of areas including audit, banking, finance, human resources, technology, and telecommunications. 
The Board periodically undertakes an independence assessment of the nonexecutive directors. With the exception of the Chairman, who is a member of the RBSG pie Board, all non-executive directors are considered to be independent and there are no relationships or circumstances that are likely to affect their judgement.


Induction Training All new directors undergo a formal induction programme upon joining the Board which is coordinated by the Company Secretary and tailored to their individual needs. This includes meetings with other directors, senior executives and business heads. Meetings with the external auditor, legal counsel and other key stakeholders are arranged as appropriate. Directors also receive comprehensive guidance from the Company Secretary on NWM Pie's corporate governance framework and associated policies, including their duties as directors. 
Continuous Development Non-executive directors discuss their professional development annually with the Chairman. Directors maintain their knowledge and familiarity with NWM Pie through regular meetings with senior management (including representatives of RBS Group) and participate· in scheduled Board training and other external sessions as appropriate. During 2019, bespoke training was arranged for the directors on Conflicts of Interest, Whistleblowing, and Traded Market Risk. Directors may also request individual in-depth briefings from lime to time on areas of particular interest. 
Board Diversity The Board is committed to promoting diversity and inclusion in the boardroom and aims to meet industry targets and recommendations wherever possible. The Board has agreed a Boardroom Inclusion Policy which aims to promote diversity and inclusion in the composition of the Board of Directors and in the nomination and appointment process. The Policy reflects the values of the wider Group, its Inclusion Policy and relevant legal, regulatory or best practice requirements. 
Committees The responsibilities of the Board are discharged, in part, through its committees (namely, the Audit Committee, the Board Risk Committee, the Performance & Remuneration Committee and the Nominations Committee). All matters that the Board has specifically delegated to these committees are set out in their Terms of Reference (ToRs) which are reviewed at least annually. All other matters, including responsibility for the day-to-day operation of NWM Pie (that are not specifically reserved for the Board or delegated to a committee) are delegated to the NWM Pie Chief Executive Officer (CEO) in accordance with such policies and directions as the Board determines appropriate, including the NWM Pie CEO's role profile and the NWM Pie Executive Committee's ToRs. 
Succession The Board is responsible for ensuring that NWM Pie has in place succession plans for the Board and senior management so as to maintain an appropriate balance of skills and experience. The RBS Group Nominations & Governance Committee is also required to approve all appointments to the Board, thereby reflecting the company's position as a subsidiary of RBS Group. 


 
Board Effectiveness The effectiveness of the Board, including the Chairman, individual directors and Board committees, is assessed periodically. The Board considers such assessments to play an important role in the identification of areas for further improvement, focus and for strengthening its overall performance. 
The Company Secretary In fulfilling its role, the Board is supported by the Company Secretary. The Company Secretary is responsible for ensuring good information flows between the Board and its committees and between senior management and non-executive directors, as well as facilitating induction and assisting with professional development of non-executive\ directors, as required. The directors may also seek independent, professional advice, where necessary, at NWM Pie's expense. 
3. Director Responsibilities Policy & Framework RBS Group has in place a Corporate Governance Framework, including a Corporate Governance Policy. All Directors of NWM Pie are required to ensure that they are familiar with the Corporate Governance Framework and that NWM Pie complies with it. NWM Pie also produces and maintains a document ("Our Governance") which sets out the high-level governance framework for NWM pie at both regional and global levels. 
The Board has a programme of seven scheduled meetings every year plus two additional days for strategic planning with the NWM Executive Committee. The Board's ToRs include a formal schedule of matters specifically reserved for the Board which are reviewed at least annually. Each director has a role profile which clearly articulates their responsibilities and accountabilities. Similarly, any additional regulatory responsibilities and accountabilities where any of the directors undertake a Senior Manager Function (as defined under the Prudential Regulation Authority's and Financial Conduct Authority's 'Senior Manager Regimes') are set out in their Statement of Responsibilities. 
To support them in the discharge of their duties, all directors receive regular and timely information on all key aspects of the business including financial performance, strategy, key risks, and market conditions. 
Conflicts of Interest The Board follows RBS Group's guidance relating to directors' conflicts of interest. 
The Board has the power to authorise any actual or potential conflicts of interest in accordance with the Companies Act 2006 and NWM Pie's Articles of Association. The company maintains a register of directors' interests and appointments and there is discussion of directors' conflicts in Board meetings, as required. During the year, none of the directors declared any material interest, directly or indirectly, in any contract of significance with any company within RBS Group. 
All directors were reminded of their obligations in respect of transacting in NWM Pie securities (Personal Account Dealing) and all directors have confirmed that they have complied with their obligations. 
Board Committees In order to provide effective oversight and leadership, the Board has established a number of Board committees with particular responsibilities: 
The Audit Committee comprises at least two independent non-executive directors, one of whom is the Chairman of the Board Risk Committee. The Committee assists the Board in discharging its responsibilities for monitoring the integrity of the financial statements. It reviews the accounting policies, financial reporting and regulatory compliance practices of NWM Pie, its system and standards of internal controls, and monitors the processes for internal audit and external audit. 
The Board Risk Committee comprises at least two independent non-executive directors, one of whom is the Chairman of the Audit Committee. The Committee provides oversight and advice to the Board in relation to current and potential future risk exposures and future risk profile, including determination of risk appetite, the effectiveness of the risk management framework and (in conjunction with the Audit Committee) internal controls required to manage risk. The Committee also reviews compliance with RBS Group Policy Framework and reviews the performance of NWM Pie relative to risk appetite. 
The Performance & Remuneration Committee (RemCo) comprises at least four independent non-executive directors and assists RBS Group Performance & Remuneration Committee with the oversight and implementation of RBS Group's remuneration policy. It also considers and makes recommendations on remuneration arrangements for senior executives of NWM Pie. 
The Nominations Committee comprises the Chairman and at least two other independent non-executive directors. It is responsible for assisting the Board in the formal selection and appointment of directors. It reviews the structure, size and composition of the Board and membership and chairmanship of Board committees.


4. Opportunity and risk The role of the Board is to promote the longterm sustainable success of NWM Pie. 
The Board reviews and approves risk appetite for strategic and material risks in accordance with the RBS Group risk appetite framework; monitors performance against risk appetite for NWM Pie; and considers any material risks and approves (as appropriate) recommended actions escalated by the NWM Pie Board Risk Committee. 
NWM Pie's risk strategy is informed and shaped by an understanding of the risk landscape including a range of significant risks and uncertainties in the external economic, political and regulatory environments. 
NWM Pie complies with RBS Group's risk appetite framework, which is approved annually by the RBSG pie Board, in line with RBS Group's risk appetite statements, frameworks and policies. RBS Group risk appetite is set in line with overall strategy. 
RBS Group operates an integrated risk management framework, which is centred on the embedding of a strong risk culture. The framework ensures the tools and capability are in place to facilitate sound risk management and decision-making across the organisation. 
During 2019, a number of enhancements to the risk management framework were developed. The increasing significance of climate risk was considered as part of these developments and will be fully integrated as part of the implementation of the enhanced framework in 2020. 
NWM Pie also complies with the RBS Group Policy Framework, the purpose of which is to ensure that RBS Group establishes and maintains RBS Group-wide policies that adequately address the material inherent risks it faces in its business activities. 
Further information on the NWM Pie's risk management framework including risk culture, risk governance, risk appetite, risk controls and limits, and risk identification and measurement can be found in the capital and risk management section of this report. 
5. Remuneration RBS Group Remuneration Policy provides a consistent policy across all companies in RBS Group and ensures compliance with regulatory requirements. The policy is aligned with the business strategy, objectives, values and long-term interests of the company. The policy supports a culture where individuals are rewarded for delivering sustained performance in line with risk appetite and for demonstrating the right conduct and behaviours. 
The Performance & Remuneration Committee (RemCo) reviews remuneration for executives of the company and considers reports on the wider workforce including annual pay outcomes and diversity information. The RemCo helps to ensure that the remuneration policies, procedures and practices being applied are appropriate at a NWM Pie level. 
Executive remuneration structures incentivise individuals to deliver sustainable performance based on strategic objectives for RBS Group and the relevant business area. Performance is assessed against a balanced scorecard of financial and non-financial measures and variable pay is subject to deferral as well as malus and clawback provisions to ensure rewards are justified in the long-term. 
The approach to performance management provides clarity for employees on how their contribution links to RBS Group's ambition and all employees have goals set across a balanced scorecard of measures. RBS Group continues to ensure employees are paid fairly for the work they do and are supported by simple and transparent pay structures in line with industry best practices. This clarity and certainty on how pay is delivered is also helping to improve employees' financial wellbeing, which is a priority. Employees are provided with flexibility in terms of how they wish to receive pay to suit their circumstances. Pay is benchmarked against the external market so that pay and benefits are competitive. RBS Group is a fully accredited Living Wage Employer in the UK with rates of pay that continue to exceed the Living Wage Foundation Benchmarks. 
RBS Group ensures colleagues have a common awareness of the financial and economic factors affecting its performance through quarterly "Results Explained" communications and Workplace Live events with the Group Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer. 
Further information on the remuneration policy can be found in the Directors' Remuneration Report (ORR) of the RBSG pie Annual Report & Accounts along with the steps being taken to build an inclusive and engaged workforce. The ORR also contains details of pay ratios for RBS Group. Gender and Ethnicity Pay Gap information can be found in the Strategic Report section of the RBSG pie Annual Report & Accounts. 
6. Stakeholder relationships and engagement 
NWM Pie is committed to managing the wider social, environmental and economic impacts of its operations which includes the way it deals with its customers and manages the sustainability of its supply chain: 
The Board recognises the importance of engaging with stakeholders and discussions at Board meetings are focused around the impact that NWM Pie's activities may have on key stakeholder groups. A new Board reporting format has also been introduced and incorporates specific focus on the stakeholder impacts to support decision-making. 
For further details on the Board's engagement with employees, customers, suppliers and others, and how these stakeholders' interests have influenced one of the Board's principal decisions, see pages 15 and 16 of the Strategic Report which includes a section 172(1) statement.
