Corporate Governance statement 
The Companies (Miscellaneous Reporting) Regulations 2018 introduced new statutory reporting requirements for financial years beginning on or after 1 January 2019. As a result of these new requirements, the directors of NWH Ltd are required to provide a statement in the Report of the directors stating which corporate governance code, if any, NWH Ltd followed during the year, how it applied the code and any part of the code it did not follow. For the financial year ended 31 December 2019 NWH Ltd has chosen to report against the Wates Corporate Governance Principles for Large Private Companies, published by the Financial Reporting Council (FRC) in December 2018 and available on the FRC website (the Wates Principles). The disclosures below explain how NWH Ltd has applied the Wates Principles in the context of its corporate governance arrangements. 
1. Purpose and leadership RBS Group’s Purpose is established by the RBSG plc Board, promoted across RBS Group and cascaded to subsidiaries including NWH Ltd. Further information on RBS Group’s Purpose can be found in the 2019 Annual Report and Accounts of RBSG plc. 
RBS Group’s strategy is set and approved by the RBSG plc Board. The board of directors of NWH Ltd (the Board) reviews and sets the strategic direction of the NWH Group and, as appropriate, the strategies for each of its businesses, within the parameters set by the RBSG plc Board. The Board also oversees the execution of NWH Group strategy and holds executive management to account for its delivery. 
The RBSG plc Board is supported in monitoring culture across RBS Group by the RBS Group Sustainable Banking Committee and the RBS Group Board Risk Committee. RBS Group is on a journey towards a generative risk culture whereby “risk is simply part of the way people work and think”. There is regular reporting to the Board on risk culture which allows the Board to have appropriate oversight of risk culture matters that are relevant for NWH Ltd. 
The Board also considered the overall alignment of purpose and strategy with culture and values. 
Building a healthy culture that embodies Our Values is a core priority for RBS Group. 
Our Values, which guide the way RBS Group identifies the right people to serve customers well, and how to manage, engage and reward colleagues, are at the heart of Our Code (the RBS Group-wide Code of Conduct). 


 
2. Board composition The Board has fifteen directors comprising the Chairman, two executive directors and twelve independent non-executive directors, one of whom is the Senior Independent Director. 
The names of the current directors and secretary are shown on page 5. 
The Board considers that the Chairman was independent on appointment and that all the non-executive directors are independent. Non-executive director independence and individual directors’ continuing contribution to NWH Ltd are considered at least annually. 
The Board operates a Boardroom Inclusion Policy which reflects the most recent industry targets and is aligned to the RBS Inclusion Policy and Principles applying to the wider RBS Group. This policy provides a framework to ensure that the Board attracts, motivates and retains the best talent and avoids limiting potential caused by bias, prejudice or discrimination. The policy currently applies to the Boards of RBSG plc, NWH Ltd, RBS plc, NWB Plc and Ulster Bank Limited (UBL). A copy of the Boardroom Inclusion Policy is available on rbs.com. 
The Boardroom Inclusion Policy contains a number of measurable objectives, targets and ambitions reflecting the ongoing commitment of the Board to inclusion progress. The Board aims to meet the highest industry standards and recommendations wherever possible. That includes, but is not limited to, aspiring to meet the targets set by the HamptonAlexander Report: FTSE100 Women Leaders (33% female representation on the boards) and the Parker Report: Beyond 1 by ’21 (at least one director from an ethnic minority background on the boards) by 2020/2021. The policy supports the RBS Group-wide ambition to aim for a 50/50 gender balance across all levels of the organisation by 2030. 
The Board currently meets the Parker target and exceeds the Hampton-Alexander target with a female representation of 47%. 
The role of the Chairman is to lead the Board and ensure its overall effectiveness. This is distinct and separate from that of the Chief Executive Officer (CEO) who manages the business day-to-day. 
All directors receive accurate, timely and clear information on relevant matters and have access to the advice and services of the Company Secretary. In addition, all directors are able, if necessary, to obtain independent professional advice at NWH Ltd’s expense. 
The Senior Independent Director acts as a sounding board for the Chairman and as an intermediary for other directors when necessary. 
An integral part of RBS Group’s governance arrangements is the appointment of four Double Independent Non-Executive Directors (DINEDs) to the boards of NWH Ltd, NWB Plc, RBS plc, and UBL (the NWH Sub Group).


The DINEDs are independent in two respects: (i) independent of management as nonexecutives; and (ii) independent of the rest of RBS Group by virtue of their NWH Group only directorships. 
The DINEDs play a critical role in RBS Group’s ring-fencing governance structure, and are responsible for exercising appropriate oversight of the independence and effectiveness of the NWH Sub Group’s governance arrangements, including the ability of each board to take decisions independently. The DINEDs also have an enhanced role in managing any conflicts which may arise between the interests of NWH Ltd and other members of RBS Group. 
All NWH Ltd directors who are not DINEDs are directors of RBSG plc. All DINEDs attend RBSG plc Board meetings in an observer capacity. 
The Board is structured to ensure that the directors provide NWH Ltd with the appropriate balance of skills, experience and knowledge as well as independence. Given the nature of NWH Group’s businesses, experience of banking and financial services is clearly of benefit. A number of directors have substantial experience in that area, including retail and commercial banking. In addition, the directors have relevant experience in customer service; government and regulatory matters; mergers & acquisitions; corporate restructuring; stakeholder management; technology, digital and innovation; finance and accountancy; risk; and change management. 
Board committees also comprise directors with a variety of skills and experience so that no undue reliance is placed on any one individual. 
The independent non-executive directors combine broad business and commercial experience with independent and objective judgement and provide independent challenge to the executive directors and the leadership team. The balance between independent nonexecutive and executive directors enables the Board to provide clear and effective leadership across NWH Groups business activities. 
The Board monitors the commitment of the Chairman and directors and is satisfied that they are able to allocate sufficient time to enable them to discharge their duties and responsibilities effectively. Any additional external appointments require prior Board approval. 
There is an induction programme for all new directors which is tailored to their specific experience and knowledge. In 2019, Katie Murray and Alison Rose undertook induction programmes following their appointments as Chief Financial Officer (CFO) and Deputy CEO respectively. These programmes focused on building existing knowledge of NWH Group; meetings with relevant internal and external stakeholders and personal 


 
development. Alison Rose’s induction programme continues following her appointment as CEO. 
The Board is supported in its succession planning activities, including the recruitment of non-executive directors, by the Nominations Committee, which is responsible for considering and making recommendations to the Board in respect of Board appointments. The Nominations Committee reviews the structure, size and composition of the Board, and makes recommendations to the Board in relation to any necessary changes, having regard to the overall balance of skills, knowledge, experience and diversity on the Board, the length of service of the Board as a whole; and the requirement to keep membership regularly refreshed. The Nominations Committee considers Board composition and succession planning at least annually. The RBSG plc Nominations and Governance Committee also approves all appointments to the Board, reflecting NWH Ltd’s position as a subsidiary within RBS Group. 
A review of the effectiveness of the Board, including the Chairman, individual directors and Board committees, is conducted at least annually. 
2019 Performance evaluation The 2019 evaluation of the NWH Sub Group Boards was facilitated by the Chief Governance Officer and Company Secretary, Jan Cargill, during Q4 2019, alongside the evaluation of the RBSG plc Board. The conclusion of the 2019 Board evaluation was that the Board operated effectively throughout the year and fulfilled its remit as set out in its terms of reference. Directors engaged fully with the evaluation exercise and commented positively in relation to many aspects of the Board’s operations. 
Key findings and recommendations were closely aligned with the RBSG plc findings and included the following: • Agenda focus had improved following introduction of the Board objectives, particularly in relation to stakeholder voice. 
• Ring-fencing governance arrangements had embedded well. The DINED role was clearly understood and functioning effectively, and a recovery fire drill had provided a useful opportunity to test the conflicts of interest process. 
• Directors had responded positively to the new reporting style for Board and committee papers, which had driven better quality presentations and shorter packs. 
• Although the Board’s size had reduced following the departure of Brendan Nelson, most directors still felt the Board was too large, although not necessarily unwieldy or unworkable. 
• The balance of skills, knowledge and experience on the Board was considered appropriate; however there was scope for additional technology experience, to support future strategy. 


 
• The remit of the Sustainable Banking Committee would benefit from a review and refresh during 2020, to agree areas of future focus in line with future strategy. 
• Focus was needed to continue promoting good working relationships between the Board and executive management. 
• Enhancing the quality of management information would enable the Board to focus less on the details and spend more time on key strategic issues. 
• There was clear appetite amongst Board members to have more visibility of top executive talent. 
Actions Following Board discussion of the evaluation report, a number of actions were agreed for 2020: • Agree a focused set of Board objectives for 2020. 
• Maintain focus on Board composition and succession planning, balancing the desire to reduce overall Board size with the requirement to ensure an appropriate balance of skills, knowledge and experience, and the need to improve diversity. 
• Consider further ways to improve Board dynamics. 
• Consider improvements to future management reporting to the Board. 
• Develop a structured programme for the Board to meet key executive talent. 
Implementation of the 2019 Board evaluation actions will be overseen by the Nominations Committee during 2020. 
The Chairman met each director individually to discuss their own performance and continuing professional development and establish whether each director continues to contribute effectively to the company’s longterm sustainable success. The Chairman also shared peer feedback provided to the Company Secretary as part of the individual evaluation process. 
Separately, the Senior Independent Director sought feedback on the Chairman’s performance from the non-executive directors, executive directors and other key internal and external stakeholders and discussed it with the Chairman. 
Non-executive directors discuss professional development annually with the Chairman and they participate in scheduled Board training sessions and other external sessions, as appropriate. Training topics during 2019 included financial crime; political and economic outlook, directors’ duties (including the new statutory reporting requirements), suppliers’ spotlight, climate risk, data teach-in, enterprise wide risk management (including the risk appetite framework), inside information and a recovery fire drill. Directors may also request individual in-depth briefings from time to time on areas of particular interest.


3. Director responsibilities All directors receive guidance on their statutory duties under the Companies Act and are supported in the discharge of their duties by the Company Secretary, as further described on page 3. 
Each director has a role profile which clearly articulates their responsibilities and accountabilities and any additional regulatory responsibilities and accountabilities are set out in their Statement of Responsibilities. 
RBS Group also produces and maintains a document called “Our Governance” which sets out the governance, systems and controls applicable to RBSG plc and the NWH Sub Group. Our Governance is made available to all directors and is reviewed and approved by the Board at least annually. 
The Directors’ Conflicts of Interest policy sets out procedures to ensure that the Board’s management of conflicts of interest and its powers for authorising certain conflicts are operating effectively. This includes the management of conflicts that may arise during Board decisions where the interests of NWH Ltd conflict with the interests of other members of RBS Group. NWH Ltd maintains a register of directors’ interests and appointments, which is reviewed annually by the Board, and there is discussion of directors’ conflicts in Board meetings, as required. 
The Board is the main decision-making forum for NWH Ltd. The Board is collectively responsible for the long-term success of NWH Ltd and the delivery of sustainable value to its shareholders. The Board’s role is to provide leadership of NWH Ltd. It monitors and maintains the consistency of NWH Ltd’s activities within the strategic direction of RBS Group; it reviews and approves risk appetite for strategic and material risks in accordance with the RBS Group Risk Appetite Framework and it monitors performance against risk appetite for NWH Ltd. It approves NWH Ltd’s key financial objectives and keeps the capital and liquidity positions of NWH Ltd under review. The Board’s terms of reference include a formal schedule of matters specifically reserved for the Board’s decision and are reviewed at least annually. 
The Chairman, CEO and Company Secretary are responsible for the quality and integrity of information provided to directors. At each scheduled Board meeting the directors receive reports from the Chairman, Board Committee Chairmen, CEO, CFO, and other members of the executive management team, as appropriate. Other senior executives attended Board meetings throughout the year to present reports to the Board. This provides the Board with an opportunity to engage directly with management on key issues and supports succession planning. 
The Board held eight scheduled meetings during the year. The Board’s key areas of focus for 2019 included CEO appointment; capital distributions; risk appetite framework; a review of payments strategy; Brexit planning and preparedness and executive remuneration. 
In order to provide effective oversight and leadership, the Board has established a number of Board committees with particular responsibilities. The Audit, Performance & Remuneration, and Nominations Committees of NWH Ltd operate as committees of each of NWH Ltd, NWB Plc, RBS plc and UBL, with meetings running concurrently. During 2019, the Executive Committee operated as a Committee of the Board. 
The Audit Committee comprises at least three independent non-executive directors, two of whom are DINEDs. The Committee assists the Board in discharging its responsibilities for monitoring the integrity of the financial statements. It reviews the accounting policies, financial reporting and regulatory compliance practices of NWH Ltd, NWH Ltd’s system and standards of internal controls, and monitors NWH Ltd’s processes for internal audit and external audit. 
The Board Risk Committee comprises at least four independent non-executive directors, one of whom is the Chairman of the Audit Committee and two of whom are DINEDs. It provides oversight and advice to the Board in relation to current and potential future risk exposures and future risk profile, including determination of risk appetite; and the effectiveness of the risk management framework within NWH Ltd and (in conjunction with the Audit Committee) internal controls required to manage risk. It reviews compliance with the RBS Group Policy Framework within NWH Ltd and reviews the performance of NWH Ltd relative to risk appetite. 
The Performance and Remuneration Committee (RemCo) comprises at least four independent non-executive directors and assists the RBSG plc Performance and Remuneration Committee with the oversight and implementation of RBS Group’s remuneration policy. It also considers and makes recommendations on remuneration arrangements for senior executives of NWH Ltd. 
The Nominations Committee comprises the Chairman, Senior Independent Director and at least three further independent non-executive directors. It is responsible for assisting the Board in the formal selection and appointment of directors. It reviews the structure, size and composition of the Board, and membership and chairmanship of Board committees. 
The Sustainable Banking Committee comprises at least three independent nonexecutive directors, three of whom are DINEDs. It provides support to the Board in overseeing actions being taken by management to run a sustainable long term business, with specific focus on customers and brands; people and culture; the competitive environment; and society and environment. 
The Executive Committee comprises NWH Ltd’s most senior executives and supports the CEO in managing NWH Group’s businesses. It considers strategic, financial, capital, risk and operational issues. 
4. Opportunity and risk The role of the Board is to promote the longterm sustainable success of NWH Ltd. 
The Board reviews and approves risk appetite for strategic and material risks in accordance with the RBS Group risk appetite framework; monitors performance against risk appetite for NWH Ltd; and considers any material risks and approves, as appropriate, recommended actions escalated by the Board Risk Committee. 
NWH Ltd’s risk strategy is informed and shaped by an understanding of the risk landscape including a range of significant risks and uncertainties in the external economic, political and regulatory environments. 
NWH Ltd complies with RBS Group’s risk appetite framework, which is approved annually by the RBSG plc Board, in line with RBS Group’s risk appetite statements, frameworks and policies. RBS Group risk appetite is set in line with overall strategy. RBS Group operates an integrated risk management framework, which is centred around the embedding of a strong risk culture. The framework ensures the tools and capability are in place to facilitate sound risk management and decision-making across the organisation. 
During 2019, a number of enhancements to the risk management framework were developed. The increasing significance of climate risk was considered as part of these developments and will be fully integrated as part of the implementation of the enhanced framework in 2020. 
NWH Ltd also complies with the RBS Group Policy Framework, the purpose of which is to ensure that RBS Group establishes and maintains RBS Group-wide policies that adequately address the material inherent risks it faces in its business activities. 
Further information on the NWH Ltd risk management framework including risk culture, risk governance, risk appetite, risk controls and limits, and risk identification and measurement can be found in the capital and risk management section of this report (pages 9 to 14). 


5. Remuneration The RBS Group remuneration policy provides a consistent policy across all companies in RBS Group and ensures compliance with regulatory requirements. The remuneration policy is aligned with the business strategy, objectives, values and long-term interests of NWH Ltd. The policy supports a culture where individuals are rewarded for delivering sustained performance in line with risk appetite and for demonstrating the right conduct and behaviours. RemCo reviews remuneration for executives of NWH Ltd and considers reports on the wider workforce including annual pay outcomes and diversity information. The RemCo helps to ensure that the remuneration policies, procedures and practices being applied are appropriate at NWH Ltd level. 
Executive remuneration structures incentivise individuals to deliver sustainable performance based on strategic objectives for RBS Group and the relevant business area. Performance is assessed against a balanced scorecard of financial and non-financial measures and variable pay is subject to deferral as well as malus and clawback provisions to ensure rewards are justified in the long-term. 
The approach to performance management provides clarity for employees about how their contribution links to RBS Group’s ambition and all employees have goals set across a balanced scorecard of measures. RBS Group continues to ensure employees are paid fairly for the work they do and are supported by simple and transparent pay structures in line with industry best practices. This clarity and certainty on how pay is delivered is also helping to improve employees’ financial wellbeing, which is a priority. Employees are provided with flexibility in terms of how they wish to receive pay to suit their circumstances. Pay is compared against the external market so that pay and benefits are competitive. RBS Group is a fully accredited Living Wage Employer in the UK with rates of pay that continue to exceed the Living Wage Foundation Benchmarks. 
RBS Group ensures colleagues have a common awareness of the financial and economic factors affecting its performance through quarterly “Results Explained” communications and Workplace Live events with the Group CEO and CFO. 
Further information on the remuneration policy can be found in the Directors’ Remuneration Report (DRR) of the 2019 RBSG plc Report and Accounts along with the steps being taken to build an inclusive and engaged workforce and employee share plans. The DRR also contains details of pay ratios for RBS Group. Gender and Ethnicity Pay Gap information can be found in the Strategic Report section of the 2019 RBSG plc Report and Accounts. 
6. Stakeholder relationships and engagement In developing its annual objectives, the Board identified a number of key stakeholders, and the Board’s agenda and engagement plans were structured to enhance the Board’s understanding of these key stakeholders’ views and interests. This, in turn, has supported more informed Board discussions and decision-making. Of particular note is the developing role of the Colleague Advisory Panel, which was established in 2018 in response to the requirements of the 2018 UK Corporate Governance Code. 
Engagement with Employees, Suppliers, Customers and Others For further details on the Board’s engagement with employees, customers, suppliers and others, and how these stakeholders’ interests have influenced Board discussions and principal decisions, see pages 3 and 4 of the Strategic Report which includes a section 172(1) statement.

