Statement of corporate governance arrangements 
Under the Companies (Miscellaneous Reporting) Regulations 2018, the Company is required to include a statement of corporate governance arrangements in its annual report for years beginning on or after 1 January 2019. The Company has adopted the Wates Corporate Governance Principles for Large Private Companies (published by the Financial Reporting Council (FRC) in December 2018), which will apply to our reporting for 2019 and subsequent years. We set out below how the Principles were applied during 2019. Principle 1 - Purpose and leadership Our vision is to make a positive contribution to meeting society's energy needs and the energy transition as the leading international gas-focused independent exploration and production company. We aim to create sustainable value for our stakeholders through: • A focused exploration programme that is balanced as to risk and reward and targeted around existing infrastructure; 
• • Developing fields, preferably as an operator, with innovative low cost solutions and short cycle times; and 
Producing fields as efficiently as possible to maximise recovery, lower unit costs and reduce their carbon intensity. 
Our differentiated portfolio is: • 
• • Large-scale and diversified; Long-life, low cost and lower carbon; and 
Gas-weighted and well-positioned for the energy transition.


We seek to deliver strong returns through significant cash flow generation and a strong balance sheet, disciplined capital allocation and value-accretive growth and yield. Our culture is centred on our enduring priorities: • 
• • • • • • 
Focus on safe, economic operations; Deliver superior field development; Optimise the portfolio for the future; Drive digital and technological innovation; Realise the potential of our organisation; 
Positively contribute to the energy transition; and Maintain our social licence to operate. 
Our values of excellence in HSE, accountability, integrity and teamwork are a core component of our business and help to guide all our actions. These values form a key component of our drivers for success and provide a strong platform from which to ensure all of our activities are geared towards sustainable value. 
Health, safety, and the environment are at the heart of our business. Neptune's HSE Policy applies to everybody working for, and on behalf of, the business. Our Safety Culture programme is a fundamental part of our HSE Policy and is designed to ensure safe working is embedded in our thinking and in every action we take. Our goal is to ensure our activities are accident-free and do not result in any harm to people or to the environment. We are committed to achieving best-in-class standards, maintaining safe and reliable operations and contributing to a sustainable, low carbon future. 
Principle 2 - Board composition 
Details of the membership of the Board can be found on page 21. The Executive Chairman leads the Board and ensures that the views of all Directors are considered in the decision making process. As is common for privately-owned companies, the Directors are nominated by the shareholders. Although there are no 
independent directors on the Board, the Directors are highly experienced business leaders arid frequently consider the interests of a broad range of stakeholders (including employees, joint venture partners and bondholders) in their decision-making processes. Given their diverse backgrounds as well as their extensive industry and financial experience, the Directors bring a variety of different points of view to Board discussions and decisions. As at 31 December 2019, the Board consisted of five male directors and two female directors. 
Principle 3 - Director responsibilities Decisions within the Group are carried out in accordance with strict principles set out in the Company's shareholders' agreement and articles of association. In reaching their decisions, the directors also have regard to the Group's obligations to its bondholders and other stakeholders. The Directors receive detailed information relating to the operations and performance of the Group, both through the cycle of Board meetings and through regular updates by telephone or in writing. The Board Committees also support the Board in its decision-making processes (see the directors' report section of the 2019 Neptune Energy Group Midco Limited Annual Report for further information). The Board met 8 times in 2019 and, among other things, considered the following matters: • 
received regular updates - and provided input-the Group's health, safety and environmental performance; • • • • 
reviewed and commented on proposals for the Group's environmental, social and governance (ESG) strategy and approved the adoption of the Wates Corporate Governance Principles for Large Private Companies; 
approved the Group's 2019 budget and business plan, including the Group's capital expenditure programme and operating expenditure; 
approved the 2018 annual report and accounts; 
reviewed and analysed regular monthly and quarterly performance data including production and financial metrics;


received regular market updates and approved commodity hedging strategies in light of prevailing market conditions; 
considered the Group's exploration strategy and activities and received regular updates on drilling and related operations; 
received updates on the Group's reserves and resources and replacement strategies; received regular updates and provided input on the Group's development projects; received regular feedback on the Group's financing and liquidity position; 
reviewed and approved the Group's dividend strategy, including distributions within the Group and ultimately to NEGL and its shareholders; 
reviewed and approved commercial arrangements for the sale of commodities produced by members of the Group; 
considered and approved various M&A opportunities; reviewed and discussed the longer term strategy of the Group; 
considered and discussed human resources matters, including overall staffing levels, incentive plans and other remuneration strategies; 
reviewed the Group's ethics and compliance policies and their implementation and approved the Group's modern slavery statement; 
received updates on key disputes; reviewed the Group's risk profile and risk mitigation strategies; 
received regular feedback from the Group Audit and Risk Committee and the Remuneration Committee; reviewed and approved the Group's IT strategy; 
considered and approved a tap issue to the bond previously issued by Neptune Energy Bondco pie; and reviewed the Group's insurance arrangements. 
Under the Company's shareholders' agreement, any Director having a conflict of interest on any matter being discussed by the Board will be required to recuse himself or herself and will not take part in the discussions relating to that matter or have a vote in any resolution relating to that matter. 
Principle 4 - Opportunity and risk The Group's approach to strategic opportunities is set out in the strategic review section of the 2019 Neptune Energy Group Midco Annual Report Limited. The Group seeks to capitalise on opportunities (for example through mergers and acquisitions) while mitigating risks where possible. The Group's functional and country leadership teams identify opportunities for the Group, which are regularly discussed at the meetings of the ELT. The Group's Investment Committee meets regularly (generally every two weeks) to discuss strategic opportunities including M&A, exploration and drilling activities whilst the Group's Audit and Risk Committee undertakes regular reviews of the key risks affecting the Group (including an assessment of whether risks are increasing or decreasing and the associated mitigations). Please see the directors' report section of the 2019 Neptune Energy Group Midco Limited Annual Report respectively) for further information on the Group's approach to risk and risk management and for information relating to the Group Audit and Risk Committee. 
Principle 5 - Remuneration The Group Remuneration Committee (Remco) is constituted primarily for the purpose of developing, maintaining, and implementing remuneration policies and practices in support of the Group's business model and strategy. The overriding objective of such policies is to attract and retain high-calibre individuals with a competitive reward package based on the achievement of corporate performance targets. These are linked to individual performance and accountability, and supports the Group's commitment to exemplary safety standards and values while rewarding long-term value creation. The Remco ensures that levels of compensation across the Group are sufficiently competitive to retain talent within the


Group, as well as benchmarking the remuneration packages of the Executive Leadership Team. Additionally, the Remco reviews the Group's performance with regard to diversity and inclusion criteria, including benchmarking the Group against other industry players. Principle 6 - Stakeholders We set out examples of how the Group has engaged with some of it key stakeholders, including our workforce, shareholders, bondholders, suppliers, local communities and customers, in the strategic review section of the 2019 Neptune Energy Group Midco Limited Annual Report. As well as informing business level decisions, an overview of the output of this engagement and related developments is reported to the Board, Committees and/or ELT, to ensure due consideration is given to stakeholders and the output of this engagement when decisions are taken at those levels.
