Statement of corporate governance arrangements 
Under the Companies (Miscellaneous Reporting) Regulations 2018, the Company is required to include a statement of corporate governance arrangements in its annual report for years beginning on or after 1 January 2019. The Company has adopted the Wates Corporate Governance Principles for Large Private Companies (published by the Financial Reporting Council in December 2018), which will apply to our reporting for 2019 and subsequent years. We set out below how the Principles were applied during 2019. 
Principle 1 – Purpose and leadership Our vision is to make a positive contribution to meeting society’s energy needs and the energy transition as the leading international gas-focused independent exploration and production company. We aim to create sustainable value for our stakeholders through: • A focused exploration programme that is balanced as to risk and reward and targeted around existing infrastructure. 
• Developing fields, preferably as operator, with innovative low cost solutions and short cycle times. 
• Producing fields as efficiently as possible to maximise recovery, lower unit costs and reduce carbon intensity. 
Our differentiated portfolio is: • Large-scale and diversified • Long-life, low cost and lower carbon • Gas-weighted and well-positioned for the energy transition. 
We seek to deliver strong returns through significant cash flow generation and a strong balance sheet, disciplined capital allocation and value-accretive growth and yield. 
Our culture is centred on our enduring priorities: • Focus on safe, economic operations • Deliver superior field development • Optimise the portfolio for the future • Drive digital and technological innovation • Realise the potential of our organisation • Contribute positively to the energy transition • Maintain our social license to operate. 
Our values of excellence in HSE, accountability, integrity and teamwork are a core component of our business and help to guide all our actions. These values form a key component of our drivers for success and provide a strong platform from which to ensure all of our activities are geared towards sustainable value. 
Health, safety and the environment are at the heart of our business. Neptune’s HSE policy applies to everybody working for, and on behalf of, the business. Our safety culture programme is a fundamental part of our HSE policy and is designed to ensure safe working is embedded in our thinking and in every action we take. Our goal is to ensure our activities are accident-free and do not result in any harm to people or to the environment. We are committed to achieving best-in-class standards, maintaining safe and reliable operations and contributing to a sustainable, low carbon future. 
Principle 2 – Board composition Details of the membership of the Board can be found on page 46. The Executive Chairman leads the Board and ensures that the views of all Directors are considered in the decisionmaking process. 
Although there are no independent directors on the Board, the Directors are highly experienced business leaders and frequently consider the interests of a broad range of stakeholders (including employees, joint venture partners and bondholders) in their decision-making processes. Having led and held senior executive positions in other leading global organisations, the Directors bring many years of experience in the energy industry to the Group (for further details, see the biographies of the Directors on pages 48 and 49). 
Since the Company is an intermediate holding company within the Group, the Directors believe that the Board is of an appropriate size given that it works closely with the board of directors of the Company’s parent, NEGL. During 2020, the Directors intend to review the size and composition of the Board, taking into consideration the recommendations of the directors of NEGL as well as the opportunities for greater diversity.

Principle 3 – Director responsibilities Decisions within the Group are carried out in accordance with strict principles set out in the shareholders’ agreement for NEGL and constitutional documents for each member of the Group. In reaching their decisions, the directors also have regard to the Group’s obligations to its bondholders and other stakeholders as detailed on pages 18 and 19. In accordance with the Company’s articles of association and applicable law, the directors will not take part in any discussion or decision in which they have a conflict of interest. 
The Directors receive detailed information relating to the operations and performance of the Group, both through the cycle of weekly and monthly ELT meetings and full Board meetings when required. The Board Committees also support the Board in its decision-making processes (see page 50 for further information). 
During 2019, the Group continued to build its internal control framework as further described on page 45. 
Principle 4 – Opportunity and risk The Group’s approach to strategic opportunities is set out in the Executive Chairman and Chief Executive Officer messages on pages 6 to 9. We seek to capitalise on opportunities (for example through mergers and acquisitions (M&A)) while mitigating risks where possible. The Group’s functional and country leadership teams identify opportunities for the Group, which are regularly discussed at the meetings of the ELT. The Group’s Investment Committee meets regularly (generally every two weeks) to discuss strategic opportunities including M&A, exploration and drilling activities while the Group’s Audit and Risk Committee undertakes regular reviews of the key risks affecting the Group (including an assessment of whether risks are increasing or decreasing and the associated mitigations). 
Please see page 42 for further information 
on the Group’s approach to risk and risk management and page 50 for information relating to the Group Audit and Risk Committee. 
Principle 5 – Remuneration The Remco’s primary purpose is to develop, maintain and implement remuneration policies. The overriding objective of such policies is to attract and retain high-calibre individuals with a competitive reward package based on the achievement of corporate performance targets. These are linked to individual performance and accountability, and supports the Group’s commitment to exemplary safety standards and values while rewarding long-term value creation. 
The Remco ensures that levels of compensation across the Group are sufficiently competitive to retain talent within the Group, as well as benchmarking the remuneration packages of the ELT. Additionally, the Remco reviews the Group’s performance with regard to diversity and inclusion criteria, including benchmarking the Group against other industry players. 
For further details of the RemCo’s activities in 2019, see page 50. 
Principle 6 – Stakeholders We set out examples of how we engage with some of our key stakeholders, including our workforce, shareholders, bondholders, suppliers, local communities and customers, on pages 18 and 19. As well as informing businesslevel decisions, an overview of the output of this engagement and related developments is reported to the Board, Committees and/or ELT, to ensure due consideration is given to stakeholders and the output of this engagement when decisions are taken at those levels.
