Corporate Governance Statement For the year ended 31 December 2019 
For the year ended 31 December 2019, under The Companies (Miscellaneous Reporting) Regulations 2018, the Company has applied the Wates Corporate Governance Principles for Large Private Companies (published by the Financial Reporting Council ("FRC") in December 2018 and available on the FRC website). These new corporate governance reporting requirements apply to company reporting for financial years starting on or after 1 January 2019 and companies have adopted the Wates Principles as an appropriate framework when making a disclosure regarding corporate governance arrangements. We have set out below how the Principles have applied over the past financial year. 
Principle 1: Purpose and leadership The Company's purpose is to deliver sustainable, profitable long-term growth for the benefit of all its stakeholders. 
The directors engage in daily dialogue with colleagues at head office and through visits to its multiple locations. Employees are kept informed of the Group's purpose, performance, and activities though regular briefings, staff updates, and internal company news announcements. Associates are also given the opportunity to communicate their ideas to all levels.of management through feedback surveys and "Town Hall" discussion events over the course o_f the year. 
The Group's purpose has helped guide and develop the strategy and decision-making of the business over the past year. 
Principle 2: Board composition 
The Group has a separate Chairman Qames S Davis) and Chief Executive Qoe Preston) to ensure that responsibilities, accountabilities and decision-making are balanced effectively across the business. The Board comprises a Chairman, Chief Executive, and two additional direct~rs (who are also both involved in the day to day running of the business). 
The directors meet at fixed board meetings supplemented by additional board meetings or teleconferences as and when required. The wider trading board however, meets on a regular basis. All such meetings are used as forums for raising or discussing achievements, views, ideas and challenges that present themselves. The Board of Directors and the wider trading Board are presented with pertinent information packs in advance of those meetings which include updates on trading, financial performance, marketing information and strategy. 
We be]jeve the size.and composition of our Board, at both New Balance Holding (U.K.) Limited and trading level, is appropriate for our business with appropriate representation at the right level. Individual directors make sufficient time available to their respective teams, and then to the trading Board, to ensure valuable contributions are made. 
· 
At New Balance Inc., in the United States, there is a Risk Committee, which includes three of the directors of New Balance Holding (U.I<) Limited. The Risk Committee deals with all material questions con~erning auditing and accounting policy of the Group, and its financial controls and systems, and other operational matters such as overseeing stock loss, data protection compliance, and regulatory compliance.


Principle 3: Director responsibilities 
In terms of accountability, our CEO ultimately takes responsibility for most business decisions, except those which are reserved for ownership. Our CEO uses the information reported to him during our wider trader Board meetings, with any updates provided as needed. 
Our Chairman oversees the role and responsibilities of the CEO. 
Whilst the wider trading Board views business performance comprehensively on a weekly basis, decisions may be made on a daily basis by senior management and heads of departments using their extensive kriowledge and industry experience. Such members of staff have a clear understanding of the limits of their authority, have clear lines of accountability to their more senior reports, and know when decisions need to be escalated for Board approval. 
Principle 4: Opportunity and Risk 
The experience gained and lessons learned from nearly 50 years in the industry, mean that our Chairman, and this in turn, our CEO and Board, understand the importance of establishing and exploiting opportunities to grow, whilst keeping an eye on risk. The business operation is constantly under review by the Board (and our Chairman and CEO, in particular), knowing that standing still can lead to a downturn in success. 
In terms of addressing risk, whether financial, reputation, or otherwise, the business relies heavily on its legal department to help mitigate its contractual risks, and on its' public relations and government affairs department to manage its reputation and public relations risks. 
We are confident that our internal control systems allow the Board to make informed decisions on material environmental, social, and governance issues. We are committed to our long-standing commitment to operating in a sustainable and socially responsible manner. 
With regard to reporting risk to the Board, the regular board meetings together with the strong reporting lines within departments that ultimately report to the members of the trading board, ensures that risks and threats are identified and escalated promptly, to be addressed as appropriate. 
Principle 5: Remuneration 
There are remuneration structures in place for directors which provide rewards based on the Group's overall performance if certain long-term sustainable performance metrics are achieved. 
The company believes strongly in equal opportunities and takes a zero-tolerance approach to discrimination promoting equal treatment regardless of age, nationality, ethnic origin, religion, disability, marital status or sexual orientation.


Principle 6: Stakeholder relationship and engagement 
We strive to deliver high quality products to our customers, provide secure and safe employment for our associates, and create sustainable long-term growth for the benefit of all our stakeholders. We strive to minimize our impact on the environment. 
The business believes strongly in its communications with its stakeholders, to promote the company's brand, reputation, and the relationships it has with them in order to further its objectives. 
The stakeholders in our business comprise our ownership, associates, customers, suppliers, bankers, insurers, landlords, regulators, governments and local authorities, creditors, charitable partners arid community groups in the areas in which we operate. We refer to section 172 (1) statement in the Directors' Report (directors' duty to promote the success of the company for the benefit of its members as a whole, having regard to its other stakeholders). 
Maintaining a happy and committed workforce is critical to the success of our business.
