CORPORA TE GOVERNANCE - S172 STATEMENT 
The company has noted the Wates Corporate Governance Principles for large private companies and s172 of the Companies Act 2006, and in response to these has prepared the following statement to take the reader through the key principles of the business and make comment on the actions taken around these. 
Purpose and Leadership 
Newsquest was formed in 1996 as a management buy-out of Reed Regional Newspapers and was acquired by the American media company Gannett Co., Inc in 1999. 
We aim to provide accurate reports ofnews, information and local life in the communities we serve, and to reflect the views of the community. 
As a community focussed business our leadership model is a devolved one on a day to day basis, applied by regional business leaders, and supported by specialists and centralised support functions. Policy, goal setting, co-ordination and operating standards are the responsibility of the Chief Executive and Finance Director. 
The Board's Approach The board of our parent company Gannett Co., Inc. exercises governance over the entire group including Newsquest. 
Newsquest's Board consists of four Directors, two of whom are representatives of the parent company Gannett being Gannett's CEO and CFO, alongside the Newsquest Chief Executive and Finance Director. The Board formally meet quarterly to review trading and forecasts and to discuss and define the business strategy. In between Board meetings a regular dialogue of updating on business developments takes place. 
Regional business leaders meet collectively with the Chief Executive and Finance Director typically six times a year to discuss business development. Regional manging directors develop and review business plans with their regional management teams.
The Board's Approach (continued) Typically, the company holds an annual strategy day, attended by regional commercial leaders and central management. Business plans and ideas are discussed at this event, and the Board use it to set out more context to the group's plans to a wider management group. 
The Chief Executive and Finance Director receive regular and timely information on all key aspects of the business from the regional managing directors and the central group heads. This information includes, but is not limited to, risks and opportunities, environmental matters, health and safety, market conditions, significant developments, financial information and K.Pls. Further oversight on the finance function is provided by Gannett's internal audit function. 
Sustainability and the Environment The company is conscious of the importance of good environmental practices and aims to achieve on-going improvement in environmental performance and to comply with all relevant regulations. Actions to improve sustainability are principally focussed on reducing energy consumption and waste. Key decisions made in the year 
This year's budget was approved by the Board following a comprehensive review of our strategic priorities and risks to our business. 
A number of opportunities to develop the business by acquisition were reviewed in the year but no acquisitions were made during 2019. A review of printing operations was taken during the year which led ultimately to the closure of the Southampton printing press.
