THE WATES PRINCIPLES 
For the year ended 31 March 2020, under The Companies (Miscellaneous Reporting) Regulations 2018, the Company has applied the Wates Corporate Governance Principles for Large Private Companies published by the Financial Reporting Council ("FRC") in December 2018. 
Principle One - Purpose and Leadership 
The Board develops and promotes the purpose of the Company and ensures that its values, strategy and culture align with that purpose. 
The Board holds an annual strategy day and monitors the implementation of its strategy throughout the year. The Board's purpose and its strategy and priorities are communicated at quarterly town halls, and throughout the year in divisional leadership meetings, all employee email messages and Nomura news bulletins. 
The Board values openness, transparency and integrity, and it is committed to supporting employees in speaking up freely, ensuring managers listen and encouraging everyone in taking collective responsibility for escalating concerns. The Company's Speaking Up policy also allows employees to report concerns anonymously. The Board ensures employees do not suffer detrimental treatment as a result of raising a concern in good faith and receive regular updates on Speaking Up incidents. Nomura has a dedicated external whistleblowing hotline to enable employees to make anonymous disclosures. 
Nomura has establishment a comprehensive conduct risk framework to ensure good conduct is the solid foundation of Nomura's culture and is reflected in every aspect of how business is done. Nomura's aim is to ensure that its approach to conduct meets regulatory expectations and that this approach helps individuals to consider their behaviour and actions with a critical eye. The Board recognises that its commercial priorities can only be achieved through a business model that promotes and maintains a culture of robust controls, appropriate judgement, good behaviour and responsibility for one's actions. A key part of the Nomura's conduct risk framework is the monitoring and management of the different types of conduct risks relevant to the business. These risks are monitored through information captured on a monthly basis in a conduct risk dashboard. This enables senior management visibility of conduct risk at all levels of the business - division, department, desk and employee - in order to take all necessary actions to manage and reduce it. Training and awareness is also important. Nomura employees have received training to further strengthen awareness of conduct risk, how to manage it appropriately and embed good conduct firmly as part of Nomura's culture. 
The Company and its employees are expected to adhere to the Nomura Code of Ethics and Code of Conduct and are held accountable to NEHS Group internal Policies and Procedures. 
Principle Two - Board Composition 
The Board comprises a Chief Executive, Chief Financial Officer, Vice Chair and five Non-Executive Directors (four of which are independent Non-Executive Directors). The size and composition is appropriate to the business and the Board is diverse with an appropriate balance of skills, knowledge and experience. The independent Non-Executive Directors bring expertise in banking, finance and risk matters contributing independent challenge and opinions to decision making.


Principle Two - Board Composition 
The Company has a separate Chair and Chief Executive to ensure that independence of decision-making is effectively maintained. The Chair is an independent Non-Executive Director. The Board uses committees as a method of expanding their work, increasing their efficiency and discussing important issues in detail. The Board has an audit, remuneration, governance and nomination and risk committee which further enhances decision-making. The Non-Executive Directors attend and chair the committees in order for them to challenge and get involved in a range of areas across the business. An external consultancy undertook an extensive effectiveness review of the Board and its Committees in 2017 with a follow on review conducted in 2018. The Board effectiveness review assessed that the Board was appropriately structured and well managed and run and the next external Board effectiveness review is scheduled for 2021. In order to ensure directors are equipped to perform their duties effectively, at the start of the term of office an induction programme is completed which is supported by ongoing director development and training. 
The Board is committed to providing equal opportunities and ensures all Board members are aware of their obligations in ensuring that the Company's environment retains a culture which is conducive to good working and high performance. The Nomura Group is committed to providing equal opportunities throughout its Board appointments, including in the recruitment, training and development of Board members. The Company set a target in 2015 to appoint two female Board members by 2018, which was exceeded with the appointment of three female Board members by 2018. The NEHS Governance and Nomination Committee leads the process of identifying and nominating candidates for appointment to the Board, ensuring appropriate actions are taken to further broaden the diversity of the Board and to nominate candidates for appointment based on merit and assessment against objective criteria. 
· 
A Board learning and development framework is in place to support Board members in updating their skills and knowledge. Board members attend regular internal and external training sessions and meet with senior management to update their knowledge and familiarity of the business, risk management and compliance. 
Principle Three - Director Responsibilities Accountability 
There are clear lines of accountability and responsibility which support effective decision-making in the Company. Each Board member understands their responsibilities and accountabilities. The Board meets eleven times per year plus an additional strategy day where the Board and Executive leadership team discuss strategy and budget planning. 
Committees 
The committees support effective decision-making and independent challenge. The Board delegates authority for the day to day management to the NEHS Executive Committee which meets twice monthly and is chaired by the Chief Executive Officer and whose membership includes the Chief Financial and Administration Officer, Chief Risk Officer, Head of Global Markets, Head of Investment Banking and Head of Legal. Where responsibilities have been delegated to a committee or individual, these are clearly established within each committee Terms of Reference or through delegations of authority. 
In addition, governance responsibilities are delegated to the NEHS Audit Committee, NEHS Remuneration Committee, NEHS Governance and Nomination Committee and NEHS Board Risk Committee. These committees are chaired by non-executive directors to support and enhance independent decision-making. Reports are provided to the Board by the Chairs of those committees at each Board meeting.

Principle Three - Director Responsibilities (continued) Integrity of Information 
The Board receives monthly Ml on all key aspects of the business. The Ml is constantly challenged and reviewed by the Board to ensure the Board have access to sufficient high quality material on financial performance, strategy, operational matters, health and safety, risks, market conditions and sustainability. Ml is shared monthly with the FCA and PRA. Board papers are circulated in good time with an executive summary on each paper outlining the purpose of each paper. 
Principle Four - Opportunity and risk 
The Board promotes the long-term sustainable success of the Company by identifying opportunities to create and preserve value and establishing the oversight for the identification and mitigation of risks. The Board has implemented frameworks to evaluate and control the possibility of potential losses arising from the NEHS Group's various operations and transactions. 
The NEHS Risk Management Framework (which has been adopted by the Company) promotes consistency with the NEHS Group business objectives and strategy, monitors risk against NEHS Group risk appetite and ensures that appropriate levels of governance and control are in place across NEHS Group businesses. The Risk Management Framework provides an effective platform for the Board to make informed and robust decisions. 
The NEHS Group actively takes risk in support of its strategy and accepts that this exposes the firm to all major risk types. The quantum of risk that the NEHS Group is willing to accept in pursuit of this strategy is set out in the Risk Appetite Statement. The Risk Appetite Statement includes metrics which are chosen to define the maximum consolidated level of risk for the firm, as well as qualitative criteria by which to balance risk and reward. 
The NEHS Board Risk Committee (to which the Board has delegated authority) meets monthly and makes decisions in line with the Board's Risk Appetite Statement which provides direction for evaluating business opportunities and for day-to-day risk management decisions.



Principle Five - Remuneration 
The Remuneration Committee's primary objective is to set remuneration at a level that is consistent with, and promotes, sound and effective risk management and does not encourage risk taking that exceeds the Group's risk appetite or provide an incentive to breach the Group's policies and procedures including the Employee Code of Conduct. The Remuneration Committee has an established terms of reference and it is responsible for recommending to the Board remuneration policies in line with the Group's global remuneration strategy. In determining the Company's remuneration policy, the Committee takes into account relevant laws, applicable local and regional regulations, and regulatory guidance and the provision and recommendations of the UK Corporate Governance Code and associated guidance. In doing so, the Committee can take advice from independent external consultants on market practices and remuneration benchmarking against other companies in the sector. Pay is aligned with performance and seeks to reward employees for long term value creation within Nomura's accepted risk appetite and by promoting and encouraging desired behaviours in accordance with Nomura's Competency Framework and Founder's Principles. The directors' remuneration is disclosed on page 130. The Gender Pay Gap was published for the first time in 2018 and encouraged discussions and focus on diversity and inclusion areas with engagement of the Board and NEHS Executive Committee. Over the last year, the Company has introduced a number of direct measures to address gender balance, and has given senior management individual accountability for achieving these targets. The Company is an equal opportunity employer and is committed to providing employees with a work environment free of discrimination and harassment regardless of age, disability, race, gender identity and gender expression, religion or belief, marriage and civil partnership, pregnancy and maternity, sex and or sexual orientation. All decisions relating to employment (including remuneration) are free from bias and are based on individual merit and objective work criteria.

Principle Six - Stakeholder relationships and engagement 
The Board is committed to making the Company an increasingly balanced organisation, where everyone is proud to work. An employee engagement survey is conducted throughout the year to gauge the overall engagement and wellbeing of employees. The Board reviews the survey results and assesses the workforce's confidence in the Company's strategic direction, leadership, optimism in the future and career opportunities, awareness of good governance and conduct and risk management policies. 
The Board has overseen a number of people initiatives over the past number of years to improve employee relations, including promoting greater diversity and inclusion. In 2018, the Board oversaw the introduction of Gender Pay Gap reporting. The most recent data shows a marginal improvement in the mean hourly rate between male and female employees. The Company has introduced a number of measures to improve gender balance across the Company. Some of the initiatives include the Board reviewing female recruitment, attrition and promotion Ml and qualitative analysis of the drivers of female workforce experiences and the introduction of individual accountability in achieving diversity targets as part of senior management's annual performance objectives. 
The Board has an established policy of communicating with all employees regularly. In its communications, the Board actively promotes its commitment to good governance, risk management, compliance, good conduct, client needs and shareholder requirements, social responsibility, equal opportunities; and diversity and inclusion. The Corporate Communications team provide frequent business updates and health and wellbeing support messages by email. 
The Board also recognises Nomura's duty to help maintain trust in the integrity of the markets in which we operate. The NEHS Group seeks to ensure that the actions or conduct of the firm or our staff do not put this at risk. This is achieved through training, awareness raising, the maintenance of controls and the monitoring of activities. 
The Board considers the interests of stakeholders as part of its overall long term business objectives and continues to align the Company's strategic direction with the shareholder's aspirations for sustainability and growth. More information on stakeholder engagement, including engagement with employees, can be found on page 14.


STATEMENT OF CORPORATE GOVERNANCE ARRANGEMENT 
The Board is committed to high standards of corporate governance and the Company's corporate governance framework is subject to ongoing review, assessment and improvement. The Board proactively adopts governance policies and practices designed to align the interests of the Board and senior management with those of the shareholder and other stakeholders; and to promote the highest standards of corporate governance. 
The Board has responsibility for the oversight, governance and direction of the business and affairs of the Company. The Board has delegated authority to the NEHS Board and Committee structure to consider matters on behalf of the Company, as appropriate. In accordance with the Terms of Reference of the relevant NEHS Committees, those committees, where appropriate, have authority to review and approve matters on behalf of the Company. This authority does not extend to any matters which are reserved for decision by the Board. The Board is charged with ensuring the corporate objectives for the Company are achieved and are consistent with those of NHI. As a result, the Company's Board has not established its own Audit, Risk, Remuneration or Nomination committees. The Chairman of each of the NEHS Board Committees provides an update of proceedings to the Company's Board at each subsequent Board meeting. 
The Board has approved a formal schedule of matters reserved for its own decision, detailing the specific responsibilities which the Board may not delegate. In order to discharge its duties effectively the Board normally meets at least eleven times per year. Additional meetings of the Board are held when required. The quorum needed for business to be carried out is two Directors as set out in the Articles of Association of the Company (the "Articles"). However, attendance of the full Board is ensured whenever possible. Decisions of the Board will be decided by a majority vote of the Board members in attendance as detailed in the Articles. 
The NEHS Governance and Nomination Committee has responsibility for leading the process for Board appointments and for identifying and nominating candidates for appointment to the Board. Board appointments will be based on merit and candidates will be considered against objective criteria. The Company strives to maintain a Board in which a diverse range of skills, knowledge and experiences are combined in an environment which values the in"put of every Director. 
The members of the Board take their respo"nsibilities as Directors very seriously and are mindful of the duties outlined in the Companies Act 2006 at all times. As part of the detailed induction programme received by all Directors on joining the Board, the Company Secretary spends time with each Director outlining their role and responsibilities in this context. The letters of appointment for Non-Executive Directors also outline the duties to which the Directors are required to adhere.
