Corporate governance statement For the year ended 31 March 2020 
Scope of statement NGN is not a listed entity, but as a large private company is required to prepare a corporate governance statement under Accounting Regulations Section 7:26 of the Companies Act 2006. This statement has been prepared using most of the 'Wates Principles' to provide a clear message on the business model, future strategies and core values and of NGN. It describes how the directors have had regard to the matters set out in section 172(1 )(a) to (f) of Companies Act, as listed below: 
• • • • • • the likely consequences of any decision in the long term (approving the strategic direction and values); the interests of the company's employees; the desirability of the company maintaining a reputation for high standards of business conduct; the need to foster the company's business relationships with suppliers, customers and others; the impact of the company's operations on the community and the environment; and the need to act fairly as between members of the company. The company is committed to pursuing leading governance practices as appropriate. 
Overview of the Board The Board of Northern Gas Networks Limited is comprised of eleven directors as at 31 March 2020, who are appointed by the shareholders and two of which are independent non-executive directors. All are independent of the day to day management of the company with the exception of the CEO who is a Board member and leads the company senior management team (SMT) who in turn manage the company. The Board are presented with information by the CEO and SMT to enable them to influence all the key business decisions of NGN. This arrangement ensures the shareholders are involved in making all the key business decisions through their appointed directors. 
Board Members The Board members who held office during the year are listed within the Directors' report. 
The position of the Chairman of the Board is held by A Hunter. The position of Chief Executive Officer (CEO) is held by M J Horsley. These positions are separate with a view to maintaining an effective segregation of duties between management of the Board and the day to day management of the business. 
P Rogerson and J Burnham are independent non-executive members of the Board.


Board Meetings 
The Board hold at least five scheduled meetings throughout the year. Comprehensive papers are presented to the Board both for information and approval which facilitate debate on the performance and future direction of the company. The number of Board meetings held during the year and attendees, including alternates, at the Board meetings is detailed in the Directors report. 
Evaluation of the Board 
Evaluation of the performance of the Board is conducted by virtue of their appointments being made and monitored by the shareholders. The performance of the CEO is assessed by the Board on an annual basis under the remit of the remuneration committee. The performance of each SMT member is assessed annually by the CEO as part of NGN's performance management process. 
Overview of the committees The Board has six committees, as listed below, to assist in the execution of its duties and to allow a detailed consideration of complex issues. 
All Board members are entitled to attend all committees under the terms of reference, with the minimum requirement being a quorum of at least two members from different shareholders. The attendance of the committees is also largely the same as for the Board. The audit and treasury committees are chaired by L S Chan, the risk management and compliance committees are chaired by C Tsai and the remuneration and nominations committee are chaired by A Hunter. 
Attendance including alternates of committees in the year is shown below: Date of 
Audit 
2020 Jun 19 
Sep 19 Jan 20 
2019 Jun 18 
Aug 18 Jan 19 Compliance Committee Committee Committee Risk 
Management Committee 
6 out of 6 6 out of 6 4 out of 6 7 out of 7 7 out of 7 5 out of 7 7 out of 7 7 out of 7 5outof7 Treasury Committee 
Remuneration Nominations Committee 
Committee 7 out of 7 n/a 7 out of 7 5 out of 7 n/a 4 out of 7 n/a n/a n/a 5 out of 6 4 out of 6 5 out of 6 6 out of 7 5 out of 7 6 out of 7 6 out of 7 5 out of 7 6 out of 7 6 out of 7 n/a 5 out of 7 6 out of 7 n/a 7 out of 7 n/a n/a nfa


Audit committee 
The audit committee assists the Board with its responsibilities for financial reporting, maintaining an efficient system of internal control and internal and external audit processes. In addition, the committee provides an avenue for communication between internal audit, the external auditors and the Board. The activities of the committee are reported to and considered by the Board. The committee also reviews auditor independence where non-audit services are provided and the auditors confirm their independence as part of their reporting to the audit committee. 
Compliance committee 
The compliance committee assists the Board with its responsibilities to oversee compliance with obligations determined by statute, legislation, regulation (including licence obligations), contract or agreement. This committee considers, inter alia, reports on the application of the regulatory compliance process which covers licence and network code obligations. 
Risk management committee 
The risk management committee is responsible for reviewing the risk profile of the business and oversight of risk management processes. The committee provides the Board with regular reports of activities and findings. The business has a formal risk management policy. In addition, an integrated risk management framework is in place that includes a regular review of the business risk exposures. At each meeting of the risk management committee, the high level risk register is considered including any movement in the assessment of risk or changes in measurement or relative position to each other. 
Treasury committee 
The treasury committee assists the Board in fulfilling its oversight responsibilities with respect to compliance with its treasury policy, strategy and procedure development. The committee recommends any changes or amendments as appropriate. It also ensures that management undertakes to identify, monitor and manage treasury risks in a manner consistent with corporate strategy and objectives and its treasury policy. 
Remuneration committee 
The remuneration committee reviews and makes recommendations to the Board on overall remuneration policy of the company and determines the salary and bonus entitlement for the CEO, the SMT and all other company employees. The activities of the remuneration committee are reported to the Board at least annually. 
Nominations committee 
The nominations committee exists to consider potential changes to independent Board membership and to assess the performance of these Directors.


Actions and responsibilities of the Board and its committees The Board is responsible for and makes key decisions on the following areas. 
Approving the strategic direction and values. with consideration of the likely consequences in the long term 
The Board is responsible to the shareholders for the strategic direction of the company in both the short and long term and seeks to balance the best interests of the company with the objective of enhancing shareholder value. 
The long term primary objectives which reflect the strategic value of the company have been established since acquisition in 2005, that being to be a top performing gas distribution network with regard to safety, customer satisfaction and efficiency of delivery. The Board ensure they are aware of how well the company is performing in these areas through the establishment of KPls which are reported upon at Board meetings, and the Board have linked the remuneration of the SMT to achieving Board approved targets in these areas. 
Each autumn the Board invites the CEO to present the performance targets of the company over the next 5 years, with reference to the strategic direction of the company. If approved the Board set these targets as the budget for the following financial year (short term objectives). 
In 2019 and 2020 the SMT have been working on the business plan for the next price control period which commences in April 2021, and so the Board have established a steering group combined of NGN staff and shareholder representation. This group has created a medium-term business plan as submitted to Ofgem, which will form the basis of the company's future regulated revenue and ensures the strategic direction and values of the Board are reflected. 
The Board approved the existing corporate values of NGN: intellectually curious; trail blazing, heartfelt; empowered, happy and customer focus. To encourage the demonstration of these values, employee performance objectives include the demonstration of these values. 
Interests of the company's employees including evaluating the performance and remuneration of employees 
The Board has fully encouraged the SMT to make NGN an employee of choice and supports the decisions made by the SMT with regard to employee engagement and evaluation. 
The Board and SMT place considerable value on the involvement of its employees and has continued to keep them informed on matters affecting them as employees. This is achieved through various communications including: the CEO's call which are live teleconferenc·e broad-casts and include a question and answer section, and are available to be listened to in all offices and depots; regular business chats where groups gather and discuss what is occurring in the business and has SMT representation; email and letter communication when formal communication is needed. 
Some employees are eligible to receive an annual bonus related to the overall financial and operational performance of the NGN group along with individual performance against set objectives. Other employees receive monthly incentive payments based on performance against operational efficiency, safety and customer targets.


Employees are encouraged to influence their own working environment and are able to present changes in working practices, subject to meeting the desired company criteria over customer, safety and efficiency targets. 
The overall control environment of the company to protect the shareholders' investment and manage risk 
The Board expect the SMT of the company to develop and maintain a control environment which protects the company's assets. The Board ensure this is achieved through several processes including the establishment of a risk register which is reported to the Board three times a year via the risk management committee. This register quantifies the impact of risks facing NGN, both on a financial and non-financial basis, and documents the likelihood of the risk occurring, along with the controls which exist to mitigate the risk. 
The Board have established an internal audit function which undertakes independent appraisals and provides assurance on the adequacy and effectiveness of business controls. All internal audit work is carried out according to the relevant best practice standards. The schedule of work carried out by internal audit is planned and Board approved so that key or higher risk areas are reviewed on a recurring basis, and all findings are reported by internal audit to the audit committee. 
In the calendar year the Board approved the establishment of a data governance team, whose focus is ensuring assurance over the accurate capture and reporting of data to third parties, ensuring a further layer of control. 
Some of the key controls of the company are those surrounding the financial processes of the company and the Board request a summary of all such financial controls to be documented each year in a document call the Directors Questionnaire. This document is signed by the SMT and is representation to the Board that the SMT have maintained a suitable financial control environment throughout the period, which supports the financial statements for that year. The Board also request the internal and external auditors to review the Directors Questionnaire, so to ensure the document is a true reflection of the control environment in place. 
At the end of the financial year COVID-19 became a key consideration for the Board, following the announcement by the UK Government of a UK 'lock down'. The Board established weekly reporting from NGN management, covering safety, operational performance and financial risk. 
Maintaining a reputation for high standards of business conduct As a company we believe that we are trusted by our stakeholders and have a good reputation for high standards of professionalism within the business we conduct. 
As part of this the Board look for a strong control environment which is managed through the SMT as detailed in the section above (see 'the overall control environment of the company, to protect the shareholders' investment and manage risk'). As noted in that section the Board review NGN's risk register which includes a quantification of nonfinancial risks, one of which is reputational risk, which covers the impact of changes in business standards. 
The reputation of the company is maintained by the behaviour of its employees and so the Board have approved a code of conduct which is a guide to the professional standards expected of employees. Fraud policies and

whistleblowing policies also exist to protect the reputation of NGN, should any detrimental employee behaviour exist. Suitable recruitment practices exist to minimise this risk. 
Maintaining relationships with key suppliers customers and other 
Under the delegated authority of the Board the SMT has established a dedicated commercial services team covering all elements of procurement and supplier relations. All contracts are signed off by members of the SMT having first been reviewed by the NGN legal department and having agreed terms with the supplier. Within the commercial services team there is a dedicated contract management function which supports in pre-contract activity and also post-contract work including the review of variations, again to ensure a strong relationship with suppliers. NGN seek to treat all suppliers fairly through compliance with the policies of the Official Journal of the European Union (OJEU). 
The Board are focused on maintaining strong relationships with NGN's customers to ensure this is to the benefit of both parties. NGN's primary customers are shippers, who transport gas through the network, and the communities (both businesses and residents) in which NGN work. Shipper relationships are managed through the application of Unified Network Code, the regulations established by Ofgem, and this regulation ensures fair working practice is maintained. The impact of NGN's work on community customers is important to the Board and NGN not only monitor feedback through customer feedback scores, but also spend time engaging with communities to understand how NGN could work differently to the benefit of such communities (see next section, 'monitoring the impact of the company: environmental matters and community impact'). 
Other key stakeholders include, Ofgem and the HSE with whom NGN have ongoing relationships. NGN have designated regulation and health and safety teams who work with these stakeholders. 
Monitoring the impact of the company: environmental matters and community impact Stakeholder engagement is of upmost importance to NGN and encouraged by the Board via delegation to the SMT. 
In the current financial year NGN has continued to engage with local communities to understand how NGN could work differently to the benefit of such communities, and some of these finding have fed into NGNs business plan for the next price control. NGN continue to invest in local communities by providing free energy to vulnerable customer, and this has been rewarded with two accolades at the Corporate Social Responsibility awards in November 2019. Carbon monoxide awareness is another scheme we continue to push at NGN. 
NGN's environmental impact and carbon footprint is an area of focus which the Board is encouraging the SMT to look at. To facilitate a greater understanding of this NGN report environmental data and report policies and procedures via shareholder submissions on an annual basis. These feed into group wide Dow Jones Sustainability Index and Hang Seng Corporate Sustainability Index submissions. 
Dividend payments 
The Board approve any dividend declarations that are recommended by the CEO with the payment of such dividends made subsequent to such approvals.


Maintenance of the need to act fairly between members of the company 
The Board is comprised of directors who are appointed by the shareholders of the group. As such each shareholder has representation and the ability to contribute to all Board meetings and so influence the decisions made by the Board. 
The shareholder agreement in place for NGN is a legal entitlement for each shareholder to have this representation and as such the shareholders are appropriately protected.

