Corporate governance statement 
The Boards of the Company and its holding company, NWGL, are committed to high standards of corporate governance. Ofwat has now embedded the 2019 Ofwat Objectives in the Company's Licence, to ensure that governance is sound and that the Company's Directors, acting as such, act independently of parent companies. 
The arrangements and functioning of the Board, its Committees, Sub-committee and Sub-groups adhere to the Wates Principles and the 2019 Ofwat Objectives, with the latter being subject to the minor exceptions explained below. As set out above, there are currently four INEDs, a further four NEDs (including the Chairman) and two Executive Directors. These arrangements, with strong INED input which is expanded upon in the section below on meeting the 2019 Ofwat Objectives, ensure that there is sufficient independent challeng~ and judgement on the Board. Moreover, the Company will appoint an additional INED during 2020, making INEDs the largest single group on the Board.


The Chairman comments (in his introduction to the Governance Report on pages 65 to 66 on the balance of the Board, which functions as an integrated whole, and the quality and contribution of the INEDs: P Rew, S Lyster, M Fay and MA B Negre. Their biographical details are set out on pages 69 to 72 above. They were appointed on the recommendation of the Nomination Committee of Northumbrian Water Group pie, when it was independently listed. The Board has rigorously reviewed the re-appointment of the INEDs and determined that they are independent, notwithstanding that they have served on the Board for more than nine years. However, all four existing INEDs will step down over the course of 2020 and 2021 and be succeeded by new appointees, which will allow new talent and experience to be brought to the Board. 
The Chairman ensures that the Board works in a collegiate way, in the best interests of the Company and its stakeholders, and that each Director has an equal voice. All members of the Board are content that the balance of the Board is appropriate, but welcome the decision to appoint an additional INED during 2020. The Directors have all been able to allocate sufficient time to the Company to discharge their responsibilities effectively. 
As the Chairman says in his introduction (on pages 65 to 66), the INEDs, within agreed parameters, effectively lead the work of the Committees, which hold very full meetings with considerable workloads, to prepare the ground for the Board. 
There is a clear division of responsibilities between the Chairman and CEO. This has been set out in writing and agreed by the Board. 
The Company has put in place Directors' and Officers' insurance cover for the benefit of all Directors of the Company. In addition, NWGL entered into a Deed of Indemnity on 21 March 2017 to provide Directors of NWGL and its subsidiaries further protection against potential liability. 
Board Leadership, Transparency and Governance - the 2019 Ofwat Objectives (and supporting Provisions) We explain below how we meet the Objectives and supporting Provisions on board leadership, transparency and governance as published by Ofwat in January 2019. Objective 1 
Our comments below on compliance with the relevant supporting Provisions explain how the Company meets this Objective: 
(i) 
The Board develops and promotes the Company's purpose in consultation with a wide range of stakeholders and reflecting its role as a provider of an essential public service. 
The Board's purpose statement (set out on page 13) has been informed by the very extensive consultation exercise conducted in preparation for the submission of the Company's PR19 Business Plan, as well as continuous broadly based consultation in the normal course of business and Ofwat's emphasis on the need for companies to embed a "public value" ethos. The consultation underpinning the PR19 Business Plan was comprehensive, with responses from more than 400,000 customers as well as from our Water Forum, or regulators, employees, suppliers and partners. 
There is, of course, a comprehensive and continuous programme of engagement with customers and full details are set out in the Company's APR. 
The Board of the Appointee establishes the company's purpose, strategy and values, and is satisfied that these and its culture reflect the needs of all those it serves.


This open and consultative culture is a key element of how the Company does business. It is also maintained through a very broad programme of engagement, including regular engagement at Chief Executive level with local authorities across our operating areas, and participation in regional and national business organisations. The Company also hosts numerous site visits by MPs, civil servants, and senior regulators to encourage open and transparent debate about the challenges faced by the sector and to enable the Company to understand their respective concerns and priorities. 
As explained on page 14, the Company intends to review its purpose statement over the coming year, drawing on extensive further work with senior executives, board members, employees, customers and other stakeholders. 
(ii) 
The Board makes sure that the Company's strategy, values and culture are consistent with its purpose. 
The Board has reviewed and discussed the Company's strategy, values and culture and is satisfied that these are consistent with the purpose. The Board recognises that the Company's strategy needs to reflect the Company's purpose, as well as customers' long term priorities and to take account of Ofwat's emphasis on public value. NWL's purpose statement is therefore underpinned by key principles which demonstrate that NWL: 
(a) (b) (c) (d) (iii) 
provides a reliable, resilient, safe and high quality water and wastewater service for all; 
intends to leave the environment in a better condition for the next generation; 
is committed to keeping water affordable including for those on low incomes; and 
acts in the long-term interests of society and the environment while still providing the very best service for customers today. 
The Board monitors and assesses values and culture to satisfy itself that behaviour throughout the business is aligned with the Company's purpose. Where it finds misalignment it takes corrective action. 
(a) 
The Board has received and discussed detailed feedback on an extensive employee engagement survey conducted by "Best Companies". 
This provided a comprehensive insight into the 
alignment of behaviour throughout the business with the purpose. The survey findings were positive but there are always areas where there is scope to improve engagement. Line managers are being supported to develop action plans to further improve engagement and ensure alignment of behaviour with the purpose. Engagement will be re-assessed later in the year to measure the improvement achieved and identify any further steps required. 
(b) 
The Board has designated one of the INEDs, M Fay, to engage with the workforce and to provide the Board with a first-hand assessment of the culture of the business. Mrs Fay has fed back to the Board on her experience of employee roadshows and other site visits and a programme of virtual (and, if safe, physical) visits will be arranged during 2020.


(d) (iv) 
P Rew, S Lyster and MA B Negre (INEDs) have attended employee roadshows and the Innovation Festival and fed back their views to the Board. 
The Human Resources team is reviewing Company policies and procedures to ensure that these properly reflect the Company purpose and to embed it where this is appropriate. 
Annual reporting explains the Board's activities and any corrective action taken. It also includes an annual statement from the Board focusing on how the Company has set its aspirations and performed for all those it serves. 
The Board receives detailed reports from the Executive Directors in advance of Board meetings, covering each aspect of the Company's activities. 
The Chairman leads the Board and ensures that all items on the Board agendas are discussed openly and that all Directors have an opportunity to express their views. He encourages constructive challenge, so that ideas and proposals are tested and explored fully. The Board recognises that customers' interests are best served when the Company is flexible and innovative, so the EL T is always encouraged to think laterally and consider a range of solutions for each issue. 
The Board makes key strategic decisions, approves the annual budget and notes the medium-term business plans. It also approves key regulatory submissions and very significant investments or expenditure which is not in the normal course of business. Investments which form part of projects within approved business plans are authorised by the Committees below Board level. Although this formal framework is very effective, the EL T takes great care to ensure that matters which relate to the quality of the Company's services to customers, leakage, water quality and environmental performance are discussed fully by the Board. 
The Standing or Executive Committees can take decisions not delegated to specific committees between Board meetings. All Directors receive notice of Standing Committee meetings and may participate if they wish. Decisions taken by the Standing or Executive Committees are reported at the next Board meeting. The Company's Board meets at least five times each year. 
During the year, the Board received regular detailed updates from the Executive Directors on each aspect of the Company's work. There are also regular reports on each Board agenda on customer service, operational performance, health and safety, management of key business risks, the investment programme and regulatory matters. There is a strong focus on the Company's success in delivering its key outcomes, as explained in the Strategic Report. The Chairman of the AC, R&CSC and Sub-groups reports fully to the Board on their work. In addition, the following significant matters were considered by the Board, as a matter of sound governance: 
(a) (b) (c) (d) 
the Annual Report and Financial Statements; the annual business plan; data security; 
decisions on tariffs;


approval of several significant capital projects; 
review of performance commitment targets and related investment priorities; and 
matters relating to PR19, including addressing Ofwat's Initial Assessment of Plans, the Draft Determination and FD and the decision to ask Ofwat to refer the FD to the CMA for redetermination. 
A Board statement as detailed above is included in NWL's APR for the year ended 31 March 2020. 
Objective 2 
The Appointee has an effective Board with full responsibility for all aspects of the Appointee's business for the long term. 
NWL clearly meets this Objective. The Board sets, implements and supports the Company's vision, values, standards and strategy and ensures compliance with policies and legal and regulatory obligations. We comment below on compliance with the relevant objectives: 
(i) 
The regulated company sets out any matters that are reseNed to shareholders or parent companies (where applicable) and explains how these are consistent with the board of the regulated company having full responsibility for all aspects of the regulated company's business, including the freedom to set, and accountability for, all aspects of the regulated company's strategy. 
Although proper regard is given to the interests of shareholders, in accordance with company law, NWL's Board has full responsibility for all aspects of the Company's business, including the freedom to set, and accountability for, all aspects of NWL's strategy. This is evidenced by the fact that the PR19 Business Plan and actions taken in response to the Draft and Final Determinations were developed and approved entirely by the NWL Board. 
The Company has adopted terms of reference which set out the matters reserved to the Board for approval and matters which are, or can be, delegated to the Committees, Sub-committee, Sub-groups and management. These are published on the Company's website. 
The Company has also adopted financial approval rules which set out the authorisation processes and financial limits to be applied to financial transactions within the Company. The terms of reference and financial approval rules are reviewed periodically by the Board. 
Although certain limited matters (such as extensions of directors' appointments, large contract awards and significant borrowing arrangements) are referred to the NWGL Board, this is regarded as a formality. The NWGL Board accepts that the NWL Board is required to have full responsibility for all aspects of the regulated company's business and, to that end, has never rejected a recommendation of the NWL Board. 
(ii) 
Board committees, including but not limited to audit, remuneration and nomination committees, report into the board of the regulated company, with final decisions made at the level of the regulated company.


All the NWL Board Committees report into the NWL Board and final decisions are made at that level. 
(iii) 
The board of the regulated company is fully focused on the activities of the regulated company; takes action to identify and manage conflicts of interest, including those resulting from significant shareholdings; and ensures that the influence of third parties does not compromise or override independent judgement. 
The Board is absolutely focused on the sustainable, long-term success of NWL. Any conflicts of interest are declared and Directors do not speak or vote on matters where a potential conflict arises. 
It is a key principle of the Cheung Kong group of companies that the boards of companies within the group manage their own affairs. Whilst support and assistance is provided when asked for, 
it is recognised that local 
management have hands-on knowledge of the operational business and of customers' needs and priorities. The non-NWL interests of the shareholders are, therefore, never a factor in decision-making at the NWL Board and this approach is regularly re-affirmed by the NEDs in the clearest possible terms. 
Objective 3 
The Board of the Appointee's leadership and approach to transparency and governance engenders trust in the Appointee and ensures accountability for their actions. 
Our comments below on the relevant supporting provisions explain how the Company meets this Objective. The provisions require publication of the following in a clear and accessible manner: 
(i) (ii) 
An explanation of group structure. This is provided at page 52. 
An explanation of dividend policies and dividends paid, and how these take account of delivery for customers and other obligations (including to employees). 
The dividend policy, and how the policy has been applied in the year, is explained in note 8 to the Financial Statements. 
(iii) 
An explanation of the principal risks to the future success of the business, and how these risks have been considered and addressed. 
The Board has ultimate responsibility for risk management and determines appropriate risk appetite. The Board's view of acceptable risk is based on a balanced assessment of all of the risks in the operating environment and aims to ensure an appropriate balance between risk aversion and opportunities. The Board monitors the management of risks and approves major decisions affecting the Company's risk profile. The Board is supported in this by the R&CSC, from which it receives regular and detailed reports. 
The Board requires management to identify and assess the impact of risks to the business using a corporate risk model. In addition, during the year, a Sub-group of the Board carried out a review of strategic risks, which are potentially high-impact risks which are foreseeable but with a high degree of uncertainty.


An explanation of principal risks, and our approach to mitigating these risks, is provided on pages 58 to 63. 
(iv) 
Details of board and committee membership, number of times met, attendance at each meeting and where relevant, the outcome of votes cast. 
Details of Board and Committee membership and meetings and attendance is set out at pages 72 to 73. No votes were held at any relevant meeting and all decisions were reached by consensus. 
(v) 
An explanation of the company's executive pay policy and how the criteria for awarding short and long-term performance related elements are substantially linked to stretching delivery for customers and are rigorously applied. Where directors' responsibilities are substantially focused on the regulated company and they receive remuneration for these responsibilities from elsewhere in the group, policies relating to this pay are fully disclosed at the regulated company level. 
A detailed explanation of the Company's executive pay policy is provided in the Remuneration Committee Report on pages 93 to 105, including how the criteria for the short-term incentive plan have significant linkage to benefits for our customers and the wider environment. The Remuneration Committee Report also explains changes which took effect from 2020 to further increase the proportion of performance-related executive pay aligned to delivering benefits for our customers, in both the short-term and long-term incentive plans. 
Objective 4 
The Board of the Appointee and its committees are competent, well run, and have sufficient independent membership, ensuring they can make high quality decisions that address diverse customer and stakeholder needs. 
Our comments below on the relevant supporting provisions explain how the Company meets this Objective. 
(i) 
Boards and committees have the appropriate balance of skills, experience, independence and knowledge of the company. 
Boards identify what 
customer and stakeholder expertise is needed in the boardroom and how this need is addressed. 
The Board has determined that the following Directors are independent, notwithstanding that they have served on the Board for more than nine years: 
• M A B Negre (appointed in 2006). Mr Negre has no prior connections with the Group's shareholders. He is a very experienced director and brings to the Board an excellent understanding of the business coupled with sound commercial judgement. The Board is satisfied that he continues to demonstrate a fully independent approach and to contribute a constructive and challenging perspective to Board discussions. 
• Dr S Lyster (appointed in 2006). Dr Lyster has no prior connections with the Group or its shareholders. He is a very experienced director, with particular expertise in wildlife, conservation and environmental matters, which are central to the Company's work. He lives in the Company's Essex and Suffolk supply area. The Board is satisfied that Dr Lyster continues to demonstrate a fully independent approach and to offer valuable constructive challenge.


M Fay (appointed in 2010). Mrs Fay has no prior connection with the Group or its shareholders. She is a very experienced director, with very strong connections to customers in the Company's north-eastern service area, where she has lived throughout her life. The Board is satisfied that she continues to demonstrate a fully independent approach and to constructively challenge and bring fresh and innovative perspectives to Board discussions. 
• P Rew (appointed in 2010). Mr Rew has no prior connections with the Group or its shareholders. He brings expertise in finance, risk, corporate governance and compliance and has very significant experience as an audit committee chairman in substantial and complex organisations. The Board is satisfied that Mr Rew continues to demonstrate a fully independent approach and to offer constructive challenge. 
All four INEDs were appointed under the auspices of NWL's Nomination Committee while NWGL (then Northumbrian Water Group pie) was a separately-listed company with no relationship with the current shareholders. 
As part of her recent review of the effectiveness of the Board and its Committees and Sub-committee (as detailed on pages 81 to 82), Professor Michelon paid particular attention to the independence of the INEDs and whether their long tenure may have raised concerns that the Board's decisions are the outcome of group thinking. She has assessed this aspect by interviewing both INEDs and other members of the Board. The interviews specifically covered board dynamics during challenging decisions taken over the year, to understand how consensus was reached. Professor Michelon concluded that the Board's capacity to work cohesively, and reach consensus is not attributable to individual directors, and the INEDs in particular, lacking opinions or independent thinking. On the contrary, she noted that it is not unusual for Directors to have divergent points of view to start with, but through discussions in which pros and cons are considered and evaluated, each Director is able to share their own personal view before a consensual conclusion is reached. In Professor Michelon's expert opinion, all INEDs demonstrate the required level of independence to continue to perform their roles effectively and contribute to a healthy and constructive debate. 
The NWL Board therefore has an excellent balance of skills, experience, independence and knowledge of the Company. The Executive Directors have very significant experience in the water sector and other utilities, whilst the INEDs make full use of their individual professional expertise and personal interests to make a significant contribution to addressing the needs of all stakeholders and customers. For example, Dr Lyster is a board member of Natural England with a strong interest in the environment and long-term resilience. This role is directly relevant to NWL's position as a custodian of the environment and Dr Lyster brings an expertise in environmental protection as well as an understanding of stakeholder perspectives in this area. Similarly, P Rew was a Non-Executive Director of Defra until 2018, enabling him to bring extensive knowledge of environmental matters and stakeholders to his role at NWL. M A B Negre brings first class knowledge of the global utilities sector, whilst M Fay champions customers and has excellent contacts across NWL's north eastern operating area. 
The Board therefore believes that the Board and Committees, Sub-committee and Sub-groups have sufficient independent membership to meet the


objective but, as outlined above, a fifth INED will be appointed during 2020 to further strengthen the independent voice on the Board. 
In preparation for the recruitment of further INEDs during 2020 and 2021, the Board has conducted a skills audit to ensure that the Board has all the required expertise, including that relating to customers and other stakeholders. This work has guided the planning of the INED recruitment campaign. 
Although INEDs are not yet the largest single group, they have a strong, influential and effective voice. Professor Michelon's Board performance review has confirmed that, on the basis of her interviews with Directors, the INEDs assess problems and express judgement independently of the shareholders and management. She reports that there is no evidence that the long tenure may have impaired their individual independent thinking, whereas their extensive experience and deep knowledge of the Company allow them to act as critical friends, speaking their minds with constructive scepticism and professionalism. 
The non-independent NEDs bring extensive knowledge and experience of global infrastructure, finance and governance. 
(ii) INEDs are the largest single group on the board. 
At the time of publishing this report, there are an equal number of INEDs and NEDs on the NWL Board. As confirmed in this report, the Company intends to recruit a fifth INED during 2020 so that INEDs are the largest single group, going forward. 
(iii) 
The chair is independent of management and investors on appointment and demonstrates objective judgement throughout th~ir tenure. 
The.re is an 
explicit division of responsibilities between running the board and executive responsibility for running the business. 
The Chairman was not independent of investors on appointment, when the Company had a single ultimate controlling shareholder. The Chairman has demonstrated objective judgement throughout his tenure, as well as an empowering approach which has encouraged all directors to participate fully in Board discussions. 
(iv) There is an annual evaluation of the performance of the board. This 
considers the balance of skills, experience, independence and knowledge, its diversity, how stakeholder needs are addressed and how the overarching objectives are met. The approach is reported in the annual report and any weaknesses are acted on and explained. 
There is an annual, independently-conducted, evaluation of the performance of the Board. In each of the last three years this has been conducted by Professor Giovanna Michelon, a specialist in corporate governance and social responsibility, and very good results achieved. 
Since 2018, Professor Michelon (a specialist in corporate governance and social responsibility) has conducted independent annual evaluation processes to assess the Board's effectiveness in collectively working for the long-term success of the Company and fulfilling its three key roles of setting the strategic direction of the Company, monitoring management performance and providing support and advice. Professor Michelon had no connection with NWL prior to conducting the 2018 evaluation. P Rew is an advisory board member of the business school at which Professor Michelon was employed until May 2019 but was not involved in her appointment. 
Professor Michelon's 2020 report concluded that the Board as a whole is able to reach consensus, yet divergent opinions exist and constructive discussions are used by Directors to share their views, highlight pros and cons and consider all relevant matters. She further states that the evidence gathered during the review process does not suggest that group thinking is a problem of this Board. More specifically: 
(a) 
All participating Directors were clearly satisfied with the mix of skills and experience of both e_xecutive and non-executive (and independent) Directors, with the secretarial support and quality of documentation and Board minutes; 
(b) The Chairman's leadership style was described as "inclusive and engaging" and able to create an atmosphere where all Board members feel comfortable to comment and are very appreciative of other people's opinions during the meetings; 
(c) The risk management process led by the Board and its committees was felt to be very detailed and thorough, and its strengths were tested in response to the recent Coronavirus emergency confirming a solid system; and 
(d) Board members fully understand the Company's strategic positioning and its public service role; stakeholder engagement activities are taking place regularly and the key issues in the competitive/institutional environments and the culture of the Board are aligned with the values of the organisation. 
Recommendations in the 2020 report focused mainly on the nomination process for the new INEDs. 
(v) There is a formal, rigorous and transparent procedure for new appointments which is led by the nomination committee and supports the overarching objective. 
There is such a procedure in place. The current recruitment campaign will involve a leading executive search agency to ensure that candidates are drawn from as wide a pool as practicable and will be consistent with the highest standards of best practice. 
(vi) To ensure there is a clear understanding of the responsibilities attached to being a non-executive director in this sector, companies arrange for the proposed, final candidate for new non-executive appointments to the regulated company board to meet Ofwat ahead of a formal appointment being made. 
The Company will adhere to this. (vii) There is a majority of independent members on the audit, nomination and remuneration committees and the audit and remuneration committees are independently led. 
There is a majority of INEDs on the AC, Nomination Committee and Remuneration Committee. The latter two Committees are chaired by the


Company's Chairman, which the Board considers appropriate in the context of the Company's ownership structure. 
The INEDs play a leading part in the Board committees and sub-committees. Importantly, the AC is chaired by the SINED and three of the four members are INEDs. The R&CSC is, similarly, chaired by the SINED and all three members are INEDs. Professor Michelon has described the AC and R&CSC focus on ensuring that NWL has the resilience and long-term financial and operational stability to provide customers with a reliable service and meet the expectations of other stakeholders. More specifically, the AC and R&CSC deliver much of the preparatory work on the Annual Report and Financial Statements and APR, review the work of the internal audit function, review risk management and advise the Board on risk appetite and monitoring compliance with covenants and management of debt. At the AC, there is a particular focus on matters which directly impact customers, such as Guaranteed Standards of Service compliance, whilst the R&CSC held 'deep dives' during the year on cyber security and the Company's Intelligent Asset Management programme. The AC and R&CSC report fully and frame proposals on all these matters for the Board to consider. Therefore, in addition to their direct input to the Board, the influence of the INEDs and their contribution to the running of the Company, through the AC and R&CSC, is very significant and highly valued.
