Corporate Governance The Board’s Governance Report 
NIE Networks’ regulatory licences require it to establish, and at all times maintain, full managerial and operational independence within the ESB Group. The NIE Networks Compliance Plan, approved by the Utility Regulator, sets out how this independence is achieved. NIE Networks is an independent company within the ESB Group of companies with its own Board of directors, management and employees. 
Under the Companies (Miscellaneous Reporting) Regulations 2018, from the year ended 31 December 2019 NIE Networks is required to state which corporate governance code, if any, it has applied and how. In January 2019, NIE Networks adopted the Corporate Governance Principles for Large Private Companies issued by the Financial Reporting Council (FRC) in December 2018 (or ‘The Wates Principles’). 
The Wates Principles set out six key principles of governance: Purpose and Leadership; Board Composition; Director Responsibilities; Opportunity and Risk; Remuneration; and Stakeholder Relations and Engagement. The Board’s Governance report, setting out how it has applied each of the Wates Principles during the year, is structured accordingly. 
Purpose and Leadership 
Good governance provides the foundation for long-term value creation and is a core focus for the NIE Networks Board. The Board sees its duties as including responsibility to the long term success of NIE Networks, providing leadership and direction for the business and supporting and challenging management to get the best outcomes for NIE Networks and its stakeholders. 
The Board has endorsed the Company’s Vision, Mission and Values set out in the Group Strategic Report. 
The Board oversees the development of management’s plans for investing in the network and delivering services to customers for each multi year price control period, providing scrutiny and challenge before submission to the UR and considers for approval the UR’s determination. Once the multi year plan is agreed the Board considers and approves the strategy to deliver the agreed plan, including human and financial resources, procurement strategies, and approves annual business plans for delivery. The Board ensures that there is a strong management team in place to execute the strategy and drive business performance and to maintain a framework of prudent and effective controls to mitigate risk. 
The Board considers long term developments for the electricity system, recognising that major change will be required to facilitate the growth of low carbon technologies connecting to the network which will impact how the network is managed and operated. The Board has been considering these long term developments for the Company, providing challenge and guidance to management. 
In addition to endorsing the Company’s values, the Board has approved a Code of Ethics which sets out NIE Networks’ approach to responsible and ethical business behaviour. The underlying principle of the Code is that everyone working for NIE Networks must adhere to the highest standards of integrity, loyalty, fairness and confidentiality, including meeting all legal and regulatory requirements. The Board’s Audit & Risk Committee is advised of any serious concerns raised by employees, and stakeholders generally, via the speaking up / whistleblowing arrangements as and when they arise and of the outcome of investigations. Contractors, external consultants and other third parties acting on behalf of NIE Networks, are also expected to conduct themselves in accordance with the purpose of the Code and the Board’s Audit and Risk Committee has ensured that processes are in place for this purpose.


Culture is the combination of values, attitudes and behaviours manifested by a company in its operation and relationship with stakeholders. The Board monitors the culture within NIE Networks by receiving information on safety incidents, absenteeism, employee turnover, internal control weaknesses, employee surveys, stakeholder surveys, customer surveys, 360 degree feedback process and directly via Board members’ site visits and direct engagement with employees. 
The Board ensures that there are well embedded arrangements for engagement with employees on NIE Networks’ purpose, strategy and developments and on the behaviours expected of all employees arising from the Company’s values and culture. This includes via monthly briefings, at least annual Managing Director presentations, Employee Engagement Board and local meetings, as well as engagement with trade unions, with regular feedback on engagement activities being provided to the Board. 
Board Composition 
The NIE Networks Board comprises a majority of independent non-executive directors, currently comprising of three independent non-executive directors and two executive directors. From September 2019 to early March 2020 there were four non-executive directors, enabling a smooth transition of responsibilities for the non-executive directors. 
Throughout 2019, Stephen Kingon CBE continued to chair the Board and Dame Rotha Johnston DBE and Alan Bryce served as the Board’s other independent non-executive directors, with Keith Jess appointed as an independent non-executive director on 23 September 2019. On 3 March 2020, following nine years of service, Stephen Kingon retired as Chair of the Board and on 4 March 2020 Dame Rotha Johnston was appointed Chair. The Board expresses its gratitude to Stephen for his significant contribution to the Board and the Audit & Risk Committee over these years. Paul Stapleton, Managing Director, was an executive director throughout 2019 and to the date of this report. Peter Ewing stood down as Deputy Managing Director and Director of Regulation and Market Operations at the end of April 2019 and Gordon Parkes, Human Resources Director, was appointed to the Board as an executive director from 1 May 2019. 
The non-executive directors bring diverse experience, independence and challenge to support effective decision making. The range of Board members’ experience in: the electricity industry; business and finance; accounting and auditing; human resources; serving on other Boards and Audit Committees; and in NIE Networks’ operations is set out in their biographies on page 23. The Board is confident that all its members have the knowledge, ability and experience to perform the functions required of them. 
The Board has agreed a statement of the division of responsibilities between the Chair and the Managing Director. The non-executive Chair leads the Board, considers and approves the Board agenda and is responsible for ensuring the Board’s effectiveness and effective communication with the Company’s shareholder and other key stakeholders whilst the Managing Director is responsible for the executive leadership of the day to day running of NIE Networks. 
Appointments to the Board are reserved to NIE Networks’ ultimate parent undertaking, ESB, for approval. This is in accordance with the NIE Networks Compliance Plan. The Chair and the Managing Director engage with ESB about the key skills and experience that are required on the Board. During 2019, a specification was prepared for the appointment of a new non-executive director and Chair of the Audit & Risk Committee and a search agency engaged to bring forward suitable candidates for consideration. Non-executive directors are appointed by NIE Networks under contracts for services setting out expected time commitment, duties and fees. An induction programme is in place to familiarise new non-executive directors with NIE Networks. 
The Board conducts an annual evaluation of its own performance, and that of the Audit & Risk Committee, in order to identify ways to improve effectiveness. The evaluation, which relates to the Board and the Committee’s collective performance, is led by the Chair and supported by the Company Secretary. Based on members’ responses to a questionnaire, a report is made to the Board, and the Committee respectively, with proposed actions to address the issues raised, with non-executive directors meeting separately to consider the reports. The annual assessment includes consideration of specific training and development needs by each director. 
Director Responsibilities 
The Board has five scheduled meetings each year, with additional meetings on specific matters as required, and a separate annual meeting to consider longer term strategic issues. The Board is responsible for reviewing NIE Networks’ operational and financial performance and for ensuring effective internal control and risk management. There is a formal schedule of matters reserved to the Board for decision including approval of: the annual financial plan; dividends; annual statutory, interim and regulatory financial statements; major capital expenditure; major


regulatory submissions and certain annual regulatory reports; key corporate policies; the annual Health, Safety and Wellbeing Plan; and appointments to the Executive Committee on the recommendation of the Managing Director. 
The Board has delegated authority to management for decisions in the normal course of business subject to specified limits. The Board has delegated authority to the Executive Committee of the Board to undertake much of the day-to-day business and management and operation of NIE Networks. The Executive Committee meets formally monthly and on other occasions as necessary and reports on its activities to each Board meeting. 
The Audit & Risk Committee is a formally constituted committee of the Board, comprising solely non-executive directors, with detailed terms of reference setting out its responsibility for overseeing the Group’s financial reporting process and internal control and risk management systems. More detail on the activities of the Audit & Risk Committee is provided on page 28. 
Current membership of the Board, the Audit & Risk Committee and the Executive Committee is as follows: Board of Directors 
Rotha Johnston DBE (Chair) (appointed Chair March 2020) 
Alan Bryce (Independent Non-Executive Director) Keith Jess (Independent Non-Executive Director) Paul Stapleton (Managing Director) 
Gordon Parkes (Human Resources Director ) 
Audit & Risk Committee Keith Jess (Chair) 
Executive Committee Paul Stapleton, Managing Director 
(appointed member September 2019 and Chair March 2020) 
Rotha Johnston DBE Alan Bryce 
Gordon Parkes, Human Resources Director Con Feeney, Customer Delivery Director Roger Henderson, Network Assets Director Gavan Walsh, Finance & Regulation Director 
Ronan McKeown, Customer & Market Services Director (appointed 1 January 2020) 
Directors are required to comply with the requirements of NIE Networks’ Code of Ethics. Directors make annual disclosures of any potential or actual conflicts of interest and are responsible for notifying the Company Secretary on an ongoing basis should they become aware of any change in their circumstances regarding conflicts of interest. Non-executive directors, in the furtherance of their duties, may take independent professional advice at the expense of NIE Networks. All Board members have access to the advice and services of the Company Secretary. 
Papers and presentations are sent to each Board member electronically in advance to allow sufficient time to review and consider matters for discussion and decision. To monitor ongoing business performance the Board receives monthly updates on financial, and non-financial, performance against budgets and key performance indicators approved by the Board. The Board receives regular updates on Health, Safety and Environment, regulatory matters, HR matters including employee engagement and stakeholder engagement against approved plans. All information submitted to the Board and Audit & Risk Committee is subject to prior review by the Executive Committee and clearance by the Managing Director, with formal arrangements in place for supporting clearances for matters requiring the Board’s approval. 
The corporate relationship between NIE Networks and its shareholder, ESB, is set out formally, and specifies the standards of governance, internal control and risk management arrangements which NIE Networks must have in place, reporting arrangements to ESB, the responsibilities of the NIE Networks Board and Managing Director and the annual business planning process to meet Group requirements. The arrangements are consistent and compliant with NIE Networks’ regulatory conditions and the Compliance Plan with respect to NIE Networks’ independence within the ESB Group.


Opportunity and Risk To ensure the long term sustainable success of NIE Networks, management continues to seek regulatory allowances or incentive arrangements as appropriate, for innovative developments to improve performance and to enable the long term development of the network for future customers. The current price control includes a provision to share reduced delivery costs under the 50/50 gain share mechanism and an incentive mechanism for achieving reductions in customer minutes lost, enabling the creation of value for both the business and customers. The Company has also agreed an allowance with the Utility Regulator to undertake a number of important network innovation projects. 
The development of the roadmap for the long term transition to a distribution system operator, and the consideration of strategies to support and enable decarbonisation and electrification, overseen by the Board, are opportunities being pursued to sustain and enhance the relevance and value of the business in the longer term by adapting to changing external requirements. 
Relevant international standards provide the framework to manage risks and opportunities in a number of key areas. NIE Networks’ asset management, health and safety management and environmental management systems are accredited to ISO 55001: 2014, ISO 45001 and ISO 14001 respectively. 
The Board has overall responsibility for risk management and internal control, ensuring that the Group’s risk exposure remains proportionate to the pursuit of its strategic objectives and longer term stakeholder value. The Board delegates responsibility for oversight of risk to the Audit & Risk Committee which retains overall responsibility for ensuring that enterprise risks are properly identified, assessed, reported and controlled on behalf of the Board in its consideration of overall risk appetite, risk tolerance and risk strategy. The process of considering the Group’s exposure to risk and the changes to key risks has assisted the Board in its review of strategy and the operational challenges faced by the Group. 
The Board annually reviews and approves the Risk Management Policy to support its oversight of risk. The Committee of Sponsoring Organisations (COSO) Framework is used to guide NIE Networks in the management of uncertainty, whether positive or negative. 
NIE Networks’ risk management framework provides clear policies, 
processes and procedures to ensure a consistent approach to risk identification, evaluation and management across the Group and includes appropriate structures to support risk management and the formal assignment of risk responsibilities to facilitate managing and reporting on individual risks. Each business unit maintains its own risk register. 
The Risk Management Policy also outlines the risk management roles and responsibilities and the main organisational and procedural arrangements that apply to support the effective management of risk. At Executive level, the Risk Management Committee (RMC), chaired by the Finance & Regulation Director and comprising a number of Executive Committee members and senior managers, oversees and directs risk management in accordance with the approved policy. The RMC considers the status of principal risks and mitigation strategies biannually and reports on its activities to the Executive Committee, Audit & Risk Committee and the Board throughout the year. 
The Audit & Risk Committee regularly reviews management’s assessment of the principal risks and mitigating actions, ‘High Impact Low Probability Risks’, emerging risks, and considers detailed presentations on mitigating specific risks. Principal risks are set out in pages 19 – 22 in the Group Strategic Report. At least annually the Board considers and agrees risk tolerances for key business activities. 
The Internal Audit function reports to the Audit & Risk Committee, independent of management, and provides independent assurance to the Audit & Risk Committee on the adequacy and effectiveness of NIE Networks’ system of governance, risk management and control. 
Remuneration 
It is recognised that an effective remuneration policy aligned to business needs will underpin high performance. The Remuneration Policy for all employees on personal contracts, including senior executives and covering around 25% of employees, is subject to the Board’s approval each year. The policy sets out how the Company will ensure that the remuneration of senior executives and other employees on personal contracts is aligned to market rates and allows for differentiation based on performance, competence, responsibilities and adherence to the Company’s values and behaviours. 
The policy provides that all senior executives and employees on personal contracts receive market-based remuneration based on detailed benchmarked data which is derived from a range of suitable sources and verified by an independent specialist third party. The policy sets out arrangements for each element of the remuneration package, comprising salary, performance related bonus, pension, private health insurance, death in service benefit,


ill health retirement benefit and non-cash benefits, all of which are considered as part of any benchmarking exercise. The Board also approves a separate benchmarking policy, setting out the benchmarking process. 
Salaries for all employees on personal contracts, including senior executives, are reviewed annually for potential cost of living increase, including a proportion which is dependent on the achievement of annual company performance targets, and is aligned with pay awards agreed with the trade union representing engineering staff. 
The remuneration package for all employees on personal contracts, including senior executives, includes the potential to earn an annual performance related bonus based on the achievement of individual, team work and company-wide performance targets, which are aligned with meeting customer and stakeholder needs. 
Stakeholder Relations and Engagement 
NIE Networks operates across all of Northern Ireland, providing service to every home and business. The Board recognises that the Company’s activities have a significant impact on many stakeholders, both current and future customers, members of the public in relation to safety and on the environment. 
Key external stakeholder groups comprise the Utility Regulator, policy makers including relevant government departments and agencies; customers and their representative groups, electricity industry participants; industry groups; key suppliers; and bond investors. 
The Board has endorsed the Company’s external stakeholder engagement strategy, the key element of which is to set out the Company’s current, and developing, role within the industry, how it ensures: reliability of network performance, safety of the network, minimal impact on the environment and continual improvement in customer service and satisfaction. The Managing Director chairs the Stakeholder Engagement Steering Group, comprising relevant senior managers, which oversees the implementation of the strategy. The strategy identifies key stakeholders and their issues and interests, the Company’s objectives in the engagement process and the planned delivery against each objective. 
The Board receives updates from the Managing Director at each Board meeting on key stakeholder engagement activity with updates on the implementation of the strategy biannually. 
The non-executive directors are involved directly in engagement with the Utility Regulator Board members, senior government officials and elected representatives and industry groups as appropriate. 
Further details on engagement with key stakeholders are provided on pages 16 – 18 of the Group Strategic Report. 
Given its dependence on highly trained, skilled and engaged people within the business to achieve its objectives, the Board recognises that NIE Networks’ most significant stakeholder group is its workforce. NIE Networks places considerable emphasis on its employee participation and engagement processes which are well embedded in the Company’s culture. The HR Director, appointed to the Board during 2019, oversees and leads the employee engagement processes and provides updates on the processes and matters being addressed though the various forums to the Board biannually. The Board receives the results of employee engagement surveys, conducted externally every three years, and monitors the implementation of action plans for improvements arising from the feedback. 
During 2019, the Board established the practice of holding two meetings each year at staff locations other than the Danesfort headquarters including informal engagement with employees. Non-executive directors also have opportunities to engage with employees by attending meetings of the Employee Engagement Board and various employee events. 
Details of the employee engagement processes are provided on pages 14 – 15 of the Group Strategic Report.


Audit & Risk Committee 
The Audit & Risk Committee is a formally constituted committee of the Board with responsibility for overseeing the Group’s financial reporting process and internal control and risk management systems. 
The Audit & Risk Committee comprises the independent non-executive directors and was chaired by Rotha Johnston throughout 2019 and to early March 2020 and by Keith Jess from early March 2020. The Board is satisfied that at least one member of the Committee is competent in accounting and auditing. The Committee had five meetings during 2019.


The terms of reference set out the duties of the Audit & Risk Committee. The most significant issues considered by the Committee during 2019, and up to the date of this report, are outlined below: 
Financial Reporting • reviewed the annual, interim and regulatory financial statements for NIE Networks and annual financial statements for NIE Finance PLC and NIE Networks Services Limited, considering the appropriateness of accounting policies, whether the financial statements give a true and fair view, the appropriateness of the going concern assumption and reviewing the significant issues and judgements; and • reviewed various regulatory submissions. 
Internal Control and Risk Management • considered and approved the Risk Management Committee’s work programme for 2019 and received regular updates on progress; 
• considered the Group’s principal risks faced together with mitigating actions being taken and their alignment to the risk tolerance levels agreed; 
• reviewed and monitored the effectiveness of internal controls and the risk management framework; • considered an updated risk appetite assessment relating to the Group’s principal risks and other key business activities; 
• considered an assessment of ‘High Impact Low Probability’ risks; • monitored the potential impact of a ‘no deal’ scenario in relation to the UK’s exit from the European Union; • monitored progress to ensure compliance with the Data Protection Act and Networks Information Systems Directive; 
• reviewed the Group’s statements for publication on the prevention of slavery and human trafficking; and • reviewed the operation of the Group’s key ethics policies including the adequacy of the arrangements in place for employees to raise concerns about possible wrongdoing. 
Internal Audit • considered Deloitte’s annual report of the internal audit plan conducted during 2018; • reviewed and approved the 2019 internal audit plan and monitored progress against this plan to assess the effectiveness of this function; 
• considered Deloitte’s annual assurance opinion on the adequacy and effectiveness of the Group’s governance, risk management and controls during 2019; 
• reviewed reports detailing the results of internal audits and the timeliness of the implementation of actions; and • reviewed and approved the 2020 internal audit plan to be conducted by Deloitte. 
The Committee had the facility to discuss any areas of the programme with Deloitte without the presence of management. 
External Audit • reviewed reports from PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP (PwC) on the audit of the 2018 statutory financial statements and March 2019 regulatory financial statements and considered PwC’s review of the June 2019 interim financial statements; 
• reviewed the proposed external audit plan for the 2019 statutory financial statements to ensure that PwC had identified all key risks and developed robust audit procedures; 
• considered PwC’s adherence to independence requirements; and • reviewed the report from PwC on the audit of the 2019 statutory financial statements and comments on accounting, financial control and other audit issues. 
The Committee had the facility to discuss any areas of the audit with PwC without the presence of management. 
In addition, during the year the Audit & Risk Committee reviewed its own effectiveness as part of the Board’s performance evaluation. Internal Control Framework 
The directors acknowledge that they have responsibility for the Group’s systems of internal control and risk management and monitoring their effectiveness. The purpose of these systems is to manage, rather than eliminate, the risk of failure to achieve business objectives, to provide reasonable assurance as to the quality of management information and to maintain proper control over the income, expenditure, assets and liabilities of the Group. Strong financial and business controls are necessary to ensure the integrity and reliability of financial information on which the Group relies for day-to-day operations, external reporting and for longer term planning.


The Group has in place a strong internal control framework which includes: • a code of ethics that requires all Board members and employees to maintain the highest ethical standards in conducting business; 
• a clearly defined organisational structure with defined authority limits and reporting mechanisms; • comprehensive budgeting and business planning processes with an annual budget approved by the Board; • a continuous forecasting and monitoring process to manage financial risk; • an integrated accounting system with a comprehensive system of management and financial reporting. A monthly financial report is prepared which includes analysis of results along with comparisons to budget, forecasts and prior year results. These are reviewed by the Executive Committee and the Board members on a monthly basis; 
• a financial control framework reviewed in accordance with statutory and regulatory obligations; • a comprehensive set of policies and procedures relating to financial and operational controls including health and safety, regulation, HR, asset management, risk management and capital expenditure; 
• a risk management framework including the maintenance of risk registers and ongoing monitoring of key risks and mitigating actions; 
• appropriately qualified and experienced personnel including a governance team responsible for key controls testing; 
• key managers formally evaluating the satisfactory and effective operation of financial and operational controls; • internal auditors testing management’s implementation of their recommendations following audit reviews; and • a confidential helpline service to provide staff with a confidential, and if required, anonymous means to report fraud or ethical concerns. 
The Board, supported by the Audit & Risk Committee, has reviewed the effectiveness of the system of internal control and has concluded that, during 2019, the overall governance, risk management and internal control framework was adequate to provide reasonable assurance of sound internal control and that NIE Networks maintained an effective system of internal control which would prevent or detect against material misstatement or loss.
