Statement of corporate governance arrangements 
In accordance with the Large and Medium-sized Companies and Group (Accounts and Reports) Regulations 2008 (as amended by The Companies (Miscellaneous Reporting) Regulations 2018) (the 'Regulations'), for the year ended 28 March 2020, the Company has in its corporate governance arrangements considered the Wates Corporate Governance , Principles for Large Private Companies (the 'Principles'), which are available at frc.org.uk. Whilst the Company has not sought to fully comply with the Principles , the following section explains the Company's approach to corporate governance, and its consideration of the Principles. 
Principle 1 - Purpose & Leadership 
The Board seeks to ensure the alignment of the Company's purpose, values and strategy with the culture of openness, debate and integrity through ongoing dialogue and engagement with Stakeholders. It has adopted a number of policies, practices and behaviours to facilitate a culture of good governance and to ensure that this is maintained. 
The Board is committed to conducting business in a responsible and sustainable way. Expectations are for the company to be part of a sustainable supply chain, fully understanding our retail customers and our ultimate consumers all of which are key to delivering long term sustainable growth. 
Principle 2 - Board Composition The Board comprises the minimum number of directors for effective and practical decision making. 
All of the company's activities are co-ordinated through the Executive team which is led by CEO. The Executive team operates through both the direct operational structure and through wider functional leadership roles. 
The Executive team is accountable to the Supervisory Board of More than Meals S.a.r.l. which is a immediate holding company. The Executive team meet with members of the Supervisory Board 10 times per annum to ensure that the balance of responsibilities, accountabilities and decision making across the company is effectively maintained. These meetings play a key role in underpinning the effectiveness of the Executive team as well as allowing the Supervisory Board to bring their experience and perspective to key decisions.
Principle 3 - Director Responsibilities There is a clear division of responsibility between the members of the Executive team. The obligations of the Board and the Supervisory Board are set out in the shareholder Rules of Procedure which ensure there is a clear understanding of matters which require approval of the Supervisory Board to support effective decision making. 
Principle 4 - Opportunity and Risk 
The Board, operating through the Executive team, seeks out opportunity to drive growth whilst putting in place· strategies to mitigate the impact of risk. The Executive Team is at the forefront of the company's strategy to drive the long-term sustainable growth of the company with a focus on renewal of its commercial agreements with customers and suppliers, development of the product range through innovation, and operational improvements. 
Principle 5 - Remuneration 
Remuneration of the Directors and the Executive team is ultimately overseen by the Supervisory Board. The Board promotes executive remuneration structures aligned to both short term annual targets and the long-term sustainable success of a company, taking into consideration the levels of pay and conditions elsewhere in the industry. 
Principle 6 - Stakeholder Relationships and Engagement 
The company is committed to continuing to develop effective relationships in three critical areas; People and Communities; Product and Supply Chain and the Environment. We are committed to ensuring a high standard of ethical trading practices, which is set out in our Ethical Trading Policy. 
As our sites are substantial employers, we are committed to building positive relations with the communities in which we operate. We are also recognised supporters of both Grocery Aid and Farm Africa charities. 
We engage with the national government agencies and key regulators to ensure that we can help shape policy, have licenses to operate safely,. enable market insight and ensure regulatory compliance. We work with local governments and health agencies where we have operations or future business opportunities 
Further detail is contained in the Corporate Social Responsibility statement on the Company website www.oscarmayer.co.uk.
