Corporate Governance Report


The Companies (Miscellaneous Reporting) Regulations 2018 introduced a requirement for large private companies to include a "Statement of Corporate Governance Arrangements" in their Directors' Report for financial years commencing on or after 1 January 2019. 
PLRL has applied the Wates Corporate Governance Principles (published by the Financial Reporting Council ("FRC") in December 2018 and available on the FRC website) in preparing this statement. 
The Company is managed as part of a group of legal entities whose UK parent is Pacific Life Re Holdings Limited ("Group"). 
Principle 1 - Purpose and leadership 
The Group includes a reinsurance company operating in the UK and across selected markets through its Singapore, South Korea and Canada branches and its representative offices in Japan and China. Additionally, the Company provides retrocession services to an affiliate in Australia. The primary purpose of the Company is to provide a comprehensive range of wholesale life risk management products and services to clients across these markets. 
The Group's guiding framework defines the following principles and behaviours of its employees: 
• The Group's principles (the "Principles") are to be "long-term driven", "selective about its people", "decisive and pragmatic", "connected with its clients" and "intelligent innovators"; and 
• The Group's expectation of behaviours of its employees (the "Behaviours") are to be "ethical and trustworthy", "brave", "resilient", "accountable" and "collaborative". 
This framework was established under the Board's direction in order to guide the Group's strategy, decisions, processes and culture. Updates on business performance and goals are given at regular Business Unit team meetings, Business Unit Management Team meetings and an annual Leadership Team event. 
Following a refresh of the Group's Principles and Behaviours in 2018, they are now embedded into business as usual activities, including a performance review process, talent reviews and a leadership framework with leadership competencies which align to Group Principles and Behaviours which will be used at various points in the employee lifecycle, including recruitment, promotion and development decisions, as well as identifying leadership potential, and will be launched in 2020. 
The Board, as well as senior management employed by the Group, aim to exemplify the Group's Principles and Behaviours in order to establish a positive working culture. 
Principle 2 - Board composition 
A list of all acting Board Directors can be found on the Companies House website: https://beta.companieshouse.gov. uk/company/00825110. 
The Company has a separate Chair and CEO to ensure that the balance of responsibilities, accountabilities and decision making in the Group is effectively maintained. The Chair, an Independent Non-Executive Director, plays an important role in creating the conditions for overall Board and individual Director effectiveness. 
The Board comprises a Chair, CEO, Chief Finance Officer, Chief Risk Officer, four independent NonExecutive Directors ("Independent NEDs") and one group NED. 
The size and composition are appropriate for the size and nature of PLRL's business. 
Independent NEDs bring experience in finance, underwriting, risk and audit, in addition to perspectives and challenge from outside the sectors in which the Company operates.


The Directors have equal voting rights when making decisions, and all Directors have access to the advice and services of the Company Secretary. 
The duties of the Board are executed partially through committees, for example, the Audit Committee, the BRC, and the Remuneration Committee. The Chairs of each committee (as noted on pages 15 to 16) are all Independent NEDs. In this role, they can act as a sounding board as well as challenge and influence a broad range of areas across the Company. 
The Directors receive regular updates from the Company's executive management and senior personnel including quarterly management information packages; regular solvency monitoring updates; and as needed, Prudential Regulation Authority ("PRA") correspondence and submission notices, material staffing changes, and progress updates on 'relevant projects. 
The Board conducts a self-assessment of its performance and effectiveness annually. The Chair considers the results of the annual Board self-assessment. Each Director is encouraged to embrace the evaluation process and take appropriate action where development needs are identified. Additionally, Board Committees are used to ensure skills and detailed knowledge is deployed and developed effectively and efficiently. 
After gathering feedback from the other independent NEDs, the Chair assesses the performance of the CEO, while the Senior Independent Director (Simon Machel!) assesses the performance of the Chair. The Board self-assessment for the year ended 31 December 2018 took place on 11 March 2019 and found that: 
1) Sentiment is that the Board is effective, with appropriate composition; 
2) The balance of matters being handled by the Board or its committees is an area of development; the Board intends to focus more on the sustainability of the business through oversight of strategy, people and succession as the business and Board mature; 
3) Key items of focus include (i) succession planning; (ii) diversification and growth, particularly in Asia; (iv) continued success in Europe; (v) successful implementation of IT projects; and (vi) oversight of management of operational risk; 
4) The Board would like emerging talent to have more opportunities to meet and present to the Board; and 
5) Executive Directors value involvement and support from the independent NEDs outside of formal Board meetings. 
The Group launched its diversity and inclusion strategy in 2019 and aims to create a culture where everyone in the business can thrive. This culture will be driven through leadership, processes, development, reward and communication. The CEO is the overall sponsor for the diversity and inclusion strategy and personally delivers communications to employees on this. Succession planning for Executive Directors and independent NEDs places emphasis on diversity and inclusion. 
Principle 3 - Director Responsibilities Accountability 
The Company's governance supports open and fair business, ensures that the Company has the right safeguards in place and aims to ensure that every decision it takes is underpinned by the right considerations. Whilst Board oversight is always maintained, key decisions are made by the appropriate individuals in management and Committees with the most appropriate knowledge and industry experience. Each Board member has a clear understanding of their accountability and responsibilities. The PLRL Board meets at least six times a year and drives the majority of business decisions. The Board's key areas of focus in 2019 are noted above. 
All Group employees, including Directors, Committee members and other members of the wider leadership team, undertake annual Compliance training and complete an internal Code of Business


Conduct ("COBC") certification. If applicable to their role, certain employees and all Directors are asked to disclose and update Conflict of Interest ("COi") declarations. These certificates are retained by PLIC's compliance function. 
The Board delegates authority for day-to-day management of the Company to the Chief Executive Officer ("CEO"). The CEO is supported by the Company's Executive Committee ("EXCO"), which comprises the CEO, Chief Financial Officer, Chief Risk Officer, Chief Underwriter, Chief Pricing Officer and the managing directors for Retro, Europe, and Australia and Asia Business Units. The EXCO ensures that the Board and Company's values, strategy and culture are communicated and implemented consistently and effectively. The communication includes but is not limited to quarterly staff updates and annual employee surveys. 
The independent NEDs are wholly independent in that they have no material business or relationships with the Group that might influence their independence or judgement. In addition, certain governance responsibilities are delegated to other Board committees (Audit, Remuneration and BRC). The Audit Committee and BRC include both independent NEDs and the group NED. The Remuneration Committee includes the Chair, the Chief Executive and a representative from the Group's human resources team. 
Integrity of information 
The Board receives regular and timely management information (at least monthly) on all key aspects of the business including risks and opportunities, the financial performance of the business, strategy, operational matters and market conditions, all supported by Key Performance Indicators. 
Key financial information is collated from the Group's accounting systems. The Group's finance function is appropriately qualified to ensure the integrity of this information and is provided with the necessary training to keep up to date with regulatory changes. Financial information is currently externally audited by Deloitte LLP on an annual basis, and financial controls are reviewed by the Group's internal audit function. 
Other key information is prepared by the relevant internal function. Processes for collecting data, as well as the reporting of that data, are reviewed on a cyclical basis by the Group's internal audit function with quarterly reporting provided to the audit committee. 
Principle 4 - Opportunity and Risk The Board seeks out opportunity whilst mitigating risk where possible. Opportunity 
Long and short-term opportunities are considered by the Board during its principal meetings, including but not limited to: capital projects; material contracts; reinsurance transactions; retrocession arrangements; material intra-group transactions; new markets and strategies; and capital injections. 
Risk 
The BRC ensures key risks are identified and managed appropriately and in a timely manner at the legal entity level. The committee's core responsibilities include reviewing the effectiveness of risk management information, partial internal model performance and best estimate actuarial assumptions, as well as monitoring risk exposures relative to risk appetite. The BRC meets at least four times per annum. 
Risk oversight by the DRMC and Business Unit risk committees, as well as the Company's key operational risks and mitigations, are outlined in the risk management information which is presented to DRMC and the BRC. The DRMC and risk committee continue to refine and enhance the Company's risk management framework and risk registers and work to ensure consistency across operations. 
The Group's systems and controls are designed to manage, rather than to eliminate, the risk of failure to achieve business objectives and can only provide reasonable and not an absolute assurance against a risk materialising.


Responsibilities 
The Board approves material agreements for: • 
• • • 
retrocession; and intra-group transactions. Materiality is determined by the Board and is set out in the Board Reserved Matters Control Document. 
This ensures that the appropriate level of diligence has been performed in understanding the obligations, risks and terms of the contract, enabling the Company to protect the integrity and long-term sustainability of its business, meet its strategic objectives and create value for its ultimate parent company. 
Principle 5 - Remuneration 
The Remuneration Committee's primary objective is to set remuneration at a level that will enhance the Group's resources by securing and retaining quality senior management to deliver the Group's strategic ambitions in a manner consistent with both its purpose and the interests of its stakeholders. The CEO's remuneration is not discussed or determined by the Remuneration Committee but is reviewed and approved by members of the governing body of PLIC in consultation with the Chair in accordance with the PLIC remuneration policy. 
The Remuneration Committee meets at least once annually and has clearly defined terms of reference. It is responsible for preparing an annual report, which details the Group's proposed fixed and variable remuneration for the previous year, compliance with the principles set out in the remuneration policy and whether the remuneration policy and practices are effective and consistent with effective risk management and regulatory requirements. The Remuneration Committee also approves the remuneration of any persons for whom a significant portion of total remuneration is based on performance and whose activities, individually or collectively, may affect the financial soundness of the Group. 
The Group is an active equal opportunities employer and promotes an environment free from discrimination, harassment and victimisation, with an emphasis on equality and career development regardless of age, gender, nationality, ethnic origin, religion, marital status, sexual orientation or disability. All decisions relating to employment practices (including remuneration) are intended to be objective, free from bias and based solely upon work criteria and individual merit. 
An independent review was performed in 2017, resulting in an amendment to the Group's remuneration policy to reflect changes to the incentive plans for senior members of the Risk team. The Directors' remuneration is disclosed in Note 7 Directors' Emoluments. 
Principle 6 - Stakeholders 
The Board is clear that good governance and effective communication are essential on a day-to-day basis to deliver the Company's purpose and to protect the Company's brand, reputation and relationships with its stakeholder community including its parent, clients, employees and the local communities in which the Company operates. The Board continues to seek to align the Company's strategic direction with its purpose and to the ultimate parent's long-term aspirations for sustainability, growth, risk management and diversification. 
External impacts 
The Group is currently developing a formalised corporate social responsibility strategy to be launched in 2020. This strategy will include assessing the environmental impact of the Group's operations. The strategy will also introduce a Group-wide volunteering policy which will focus on working with our local communities. Several initiatives are already in place across the Group, including but not limited to: 
• The Business Units have charity committees, which organise various fundraising events throughout the year to support partnership charities


The Group offers a charity matching scheme, whereby it matches employee's donations to charities; 
• Some Business Units have initiatives in place whereby employees collectively provide volunteering services to partnership charities in their local community; and • The Company's offices have recycling initiatives in place. 
In addition to the above, the Group has recently introduced a smart working policy, allowing employees to work off-site, which will have positive environmental impacts by enabling the Group to reduce its carbon footprint by reducing travel. The Group makes wide use of audio-visual facilities between its offices. 
Stakeholders The Board promotes accountability and transparency with all external stakeholders. 
The Group employs external companies as third-party consultants in order to conduct client surveys, allowing the Group to monitor client engagement and ensuring that an objective view can be taken on the results. These surveys are conducted annually at varying times of year and results are reported to the Board on an annual basis. The findings are used in order to improve client engagement throughout the business. 
A whistleblowing policy with details of how to report any concerns is available to all staff via the Group's intranet. The whistleblowing champion is an independent NED who can be contacted by any member of staff that wishes to raise an issue. Anonymous reporting is facilitated by a third party and is accessed via submitting a form on line or calling a toll-free number (the details of which can be found in the whistleblowing policy). 
Annual employee engagement surveys are performed to highlight areas of improvement in communication of the Group's purpose. The Board considers the results of all employee engagement surveys a good barometer of the workforce's confidence in the Group's strategic direction, optimism in the future and career opportunities. Together with the EXCO the Board has overseen several initiatives over the past few years to improve employee relations: 
• • 
• Introducing a smart working policy in 2019 in direct response to employee feedback; 
Supporting career conversations and creating clarity for employees as to how to transition to the next level in their career; and 
Being directly involved in supporting succession planning and talent discussions for key roles. 
The Division's website (http://www.pacificlifere.comD. intranet and social media channels provide extensive and up-to-date news on recent developments.
