Corporate Governance report for the period ended 31 December 2019 
For the year-ended 31 December 2019, under the Companies (Miscellaneous Reporting) Regulations 2018, the Group has applied the Wates Corporate Governance Principles for Large Private Companies (published by the Financial Reporting Council ("FRC") in December 2018 and available on the FRC website). 
Principle 1: Purpose and leadership 
As disclosed in the strategic report, Paysafe appointed a new Chief Executive Officer (CEO) in 2019 and following a review of Paysafe's businesses, the Board and executive team restated Paysafe's mission. 
Paysafe's mission is to become the leading specialized payments platform and are committed to achieving this in the right way. This mission has been communicated to all staff through offsite meetings for board and senior staff, town halls across Paysafe's various offices, as well as through its internal channels of communications. 
Paysafe's culture and values are an important part of how it will deliver our mission. The culture is built around Optimism, Collaboration, Inclusion, Success and Fun. These cultural attributes are underpinned by four values, designed by its employees, of Pioneering. Courageous, Open and Focused. These values are embedded throughout Paysafe's business through its recruitment, reward, recognition, development and performance management processes. 
Given the importance to the Group of its culture, Paysafe regularly seek to test and understand it. One way through which Paysafe understands its culture is through the annual staff survey (as well as related the topics such as leadership and satisfaction with managers). The results of these surveys are analyzed and then plans to put in place to improve in targeted areas with year on year tracking. 
This strong commitment to culture and values is embodied in the Paysafe Code. This Code sets out the rules and guidelines that everyone at Paysafe must follow and against which it holds its people accountable. The Code reflects Paysafe's commitment not just to law and regulation, but to the highest ethical standards that embody the core values of being Pioneering, Courageous, Open and Focused. 
The Paysafe Code also includes requirements for always acting in the best interests of Paysafe and its stakeholders (including customers) and raising any concerns that people may have, either through Paysafe's management or a confidential and independent whistleblowing service. Directors and staff are required to disclose potential conflicts of interest which are monitored, and the annual certification overseen by a senior oversight committee. A member of the Board has been appointed ourWhistleblowing Champion to ensure that concerns can be raised to the highest level and that the board can support Paysafe's commitment that employees are able to speak up in good faith without any fear of retaliation. 
Principle 2: Board composition 
Paysafe Group Holdings limited is owned primarily by funds of Blackstone and eve Capital Partners ("CVC"). The Group's Board is therefore composed of shareholder representatives, its Chief Executive Officer and three independent non-executive directors (one of which acts as Chairman of the Board). The roles of Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer are not exercised by the same individual. 
As shown by the biographies of the Group's board members within the Directors' Report, the Group's Directors have significant experience and sectorial expertise that is relevant for a large private equity owned Group. Several of the Directors have extensive experience across the payments, financial services and wider technology industries. 
We do, however, recognise that there is a relative lack of diversity on the board. This is a problem for the wider sector that the Group are committed to working to help resolve through the Group's own diversity and inclusion targets (which include a target for female representation in Paysafe's Senior Management Team). 
The duties of the Board are executed partly through committees. The non-executive Directors attend and act as chair to relevant committees as set out below in the Directors Responsibilities section so that they are able to challenge and influence a broad range of areas across the Group. 
In addition to the committees referenced below, Paysafe has an established Executive Committee that provides the day to day leadership to the Group's core business functions. The Executive Committee is comprised of the Group's key management, including the Group's Chief Executive Officer, Chief Operating Officer, Chief Financial Officer, General Counsel and Chief Compliance, Chief Human Resources Officer, Chief Risk Officer, Chief Information Officer, Chief Marketing Officer, Chief of Staff and Divisional CEO's and CFO's. 
The Board works to understand Paysafe's needs and stakeholder interests through its regular interaction with Paysafe's executive team and senior management. A recent example was the attendance of the Board at a Paysafe conference for senior management where Board members could meet with Paysafe's senior managers from across all its offices.


Principle 3: Director Responsibilities 
The Board is responsible for establishing and monitoring the implementation of Paysafe's strategy and oversight of performance, risk management and internal control. All executive directors along with all other staff complete an annual Compliance & Ethics declaration confirming that they have behaved in accordance with amongst others, the Paysafe Code and our Conflicts of Interest Policy. 
As part of the Paysafe's internal system of control and third line of defence, the Board is supported in its work by an independent internal audit team which provides regular reports to the Board and its Committees as relevant. 
To ensure sufficient focus is given to key areas of the Board's work, the Board has delegated certain of its functions to committees - Risk Oversight Committee, Audit Committee, Remuneration and Nomination Committee. The Board receives periodic training from the Group's compliance function as part of its continuing development and assurance. 
To assist the directors in the performance of their duties, board papers and supporting information are provided in in a clear, accurate and timely manner so as to ensure that directors can understand what is expected from them. 
Principle 4: Opportunity and Risk The Group's strategy to create long term value and consideration of market opportunities are included within the Strategic Report. 
Paysafe has in place a risk management framework that is aligned to BS ISO 31000: Risk Management Guidelines 2018 to ensure that the Board can understand and properly manage Paysafe's inherent risks. The framework provides for a continuous cycle of risk management activities to not only identify risks but also to facilitate better business decisions by ensuring that consideration of risk is built into all key strategic and business decision making processes. 
Paysafe has in place a Group Risk Appetite statement setting out Paysafe's risk appetite against seven key categories of risk - strategic, information security management, data privacy, legal and compliance, financial, credit risk and operational. Regular risk evaluation takes place under the framework which is overseen and managed by the Board's Risk Oversight Committee. 
The Group operates a "three lines of defence" framework within the wider risk management governance structure and is documented through clear accessible policies and processes. A central part of this is that although the Board are ultimately responsible for risk management, every employee is expected to take the management of risk seriously. All Group staff are expected to display integrity and honesty and to exhibit technical and professional expertise. These values are reinforced by reg~lar training in risk and compliance issues. 
Further details on the Group's principal risks and uncertainties are disclosed within the Strategic Report. 

Principle 5: Remuneration 
The Remuneration Committee is responsible for all elements of the remuneration of the executive directors as well as making recommendations and monitoring the level and structure of remuneration for the senior management of Paysafe. The incentivisation and reward structures in place are designed to reinforce the Group's values and drive the required behaviour across Paysafe's businesses. The Group's executive bonus scheme measures executive performance against financial performance, individual performance (including alignment to the Group's values) and meeting personal objectives. 
The remuneration policies for the wider workforce are monitored on an ongoing basis, with employee's remuneration benchmarked for their role, location and grade. All employees are subject to the Group's bonus scheme named Boost. Boost rewards employees based on a combination of both individual performance objectives and financial performance objectives appropriate for their role and business line. 
In the Strategic Report, the Group has disclosed its gender diversity information. The Group has made significant strides in recent periods and continues to focus on gender diversity as a core objective of its diversity inclusion strategy. However, there is more work to be done on its diversity and inclusion agenda and the Group continue to work to ensure that the Group are an equal opportunities employer. This means that all Paysafe employees and any job applicants will receive equal treatment regardless of age, disability, gender identity, marital or civil partner status, pregnancy or maternity, race, colour, nationality, ethnic or national origin, religion or belief, sex or sexual orientation. 
As noted above, the Group see this as a challenge for its sector as a whole and are working to help make it better as a core objective of the Group's Diversity and Inclusion strategy, with multiple initiatives including strengthening the pipeline of talented women through stronger recruitment practices; putting in place a coaching and mentoring programme for high potential female employees and membership of various support and networking groups. Paysafe has also signed the UK women in finance charter, and so committed to ensuring that women represent at least 30 percent of its senior management by 2023.



Principle 6: Stakeholder relationship and engagement 
Central to the Group's success is the way the Group conduct itself with its key stakeholders- its customers, its employees, its regulators, the communities the Group work in and the partners and suppliers that the Group work with. 
The Group's customers are central to Paysafe and the Group's strategy is built around customer loyalty. The Group strive to ensure that it treats customers fairly at all times, have produce development processes that are customer-centric, listen to customers to understand their experience of the Group's products and services'and then act on that feedback. It is also important to the Group that its customers have all the information available to them that they need to make the best possible choices and that the Group always communicate with them in a way that is clear, fair and not misleading. 
The Group's Corporate Social Responsibility programmes are important to the Group. To reflect the Group's commitment to them, all staff are given one-day's paid leave each year to support these charitable and community projects. 
Paysafe engages with its employees through multiple channels but most notably through the Group's Internal Communication forums as well as the Glint Engagement and Experience Survey. The Glint Engagement and Experience Survey asks employees to provide feedback on their levels of engagement and experience when they join, during their tenure (once per year) and also when they leave. 
In 2019, the Group also worked with consultancy firm Equal Approach to conduct a Global D&I Insights Project. This involved a series of one to one investigative interviews across the business to establish key feelings on culture and diversity and inclusion. This project will continue into 2020 with the findings influencing Paysafe's staff engagement strategy. 
As a global company, the Group also recognises its responsibility to reducing its environmental impact. Although the nature of the Group's business means that it has limited environmental footprint, the Group has identified greenhouse gas reduction as the key area of focus. As part of this commitment, Paysafe was certified as a Carbon Neutral Company in 2020. The Group continues to ensure it can accurately and independently measure its carbon footprint and identify recommendations as to how it can reduce carbon emissions. 
Finally, the Group ensures that its website (www.paysafe.com), intra net and various social media channels contain up to date information on its products, services and news.
