Corporate Governance Statement 
For the year ended 31st March 2020, in accordance with The Companies (Miscellaneous Reporting) Regulations 2018, the Company has adopted the Wates Corporate Governance Principles for Large Private Companies. We set out below how we have applied the Principles during this financial year. 

Principle 1 - Purpose and leadership 
The focus of the Board, through the Executive Committee (see below), has been the delivery of the Business Plan which defines our purpose, vision and values. The plan, and our progress are communicated throughout the business through quarterly updates, workshops and Q&A sessions. Employees are encouraged to contribute ideas through our Innovation Centre. Annually we have a manager's conference to share key messages, which this year was combined with our annual staff awards, recognising individuals that embody our vision and values. 
We have made significant strides during the year in embedding our governance structures and groups, including the creation of a specific Risk Management Group. This provides an overlay to our existing framework and supports a positive risk culture, one which encourages openness and discusses real business issues in a realistic manner. 

Principle 2 - Board Composition 
The Board comprises an independent non-executive Chairman, the Group Chief Executive and the Chief Financial Officer as well as two further Non-Executives representing our major shareholders provide a wealth of experience and expertise both within and outside of the sectors that we operate, provide new perspectives and challenge. We consider that the size and composition of the Board is appropriate for our current business. 
We acknowledge the lack of diversity on the Group Board, but remain committed to developing a more diverse workforce, particularly within senior roles in the organisation where we have made good progress in achieving a better balance. 

Principle 3 - Director Responsibilities 
The Board has a programme of four principal meetings every year. This is supplemented by a further four "Shareholder Control Group" meetings between the shareholder representatives and senior management which provides a forum for sharing and discussing key performance information on all key aspects of the business. 
The Board receives timely information on all key areas of the business, including health & safety, risks and opportunities, financial and operation performance, and customer feedback. 
As part of the business planning process, a list of strategic priorities to develop our service offering were identified. The Board's key areas of focus during the year are set out in the Section 172(1) Statement. 

Principle 4 - Opportunity and Risk 
Our aim is to integrate risk-based decision making into Pinnacle's governance, planning, management, reporting, policies, values and culture. 
As a contracting business delivering a wide range of services to communities, opportunity and risk come hand in hand. We have a robust Investment Committee process in place which provides the framework for managing contracting risks, including clear approval processes for submitting tenders and proposals, and subsequently entering into contract. 
Our Risk Management Group (as delegated· by the Board) was set up during the year to complement existing governance structures, enhance the group's risk management capability and engender and embed a culture that encourages and supports the early and appropriate identification and escalation of risks.


We have set out in the table below our considered Principal Risks: 
Strategic 
Financial Operational 
People 
Hazard 
Legal & Compliance 
Wrong business strategy 
Financial control failure 
Contract non-performance
Non-compliance 
Loss of key people 
Disaster 
Material legal & regulatory compliance failure 
Major information security breach 
Failure of major change Supply chain 
failure initiative 
Skills shortage 
Failure to act with integrity 
Failure to grow profitably
Our Contract Oversight Group and Deal Forum continue to focus on opportunities for the business, both within our existing portfolio of contracts and externally. 
Please see mitigation factors re the principal risks and uncertainties in the financial statements on page 11. 

Principle 5 - Remuneration 
The Remuneration Committee's primary objective is approving the terms of employment of senior management within the business, to ensure that we can retain quality staff who can deliver the Group's strategic goals in a manner consistent with both its purpose and the interests of its shareholders. 
In 2018, the Group published its first Gender Pay Gap report and each year ExCom sit down to consider the findings and assess areas of focus looking forward. 
The Remuneration Committee made up of two non-executive directors of the Group Board sat once during the year to consider and approve those terms in line with the annual budget process. 

Principle 6 - Stakeholders 
The manner in which Pinnacle Group is governed is critical to the long-term success of the business. The Board's objective is to continue to build a sustainable business through consistent, profitable growth and to make sure that we act responsibly in meeting our accountabilities to all our stakeholder community. 
Our brand has been built up by doing the right things the right way and reflects our core values. Good governance and effective communication are essential to deliver our purpose and to protect the company's brand, reputation and relationships with our shareholders, customers, staff, suppliers and the local communities in which we work. 

To our customers, we are committed to delivering creative, imaginative and dependable solutions which will have a lasting and positive effect. 
To our suppliers, we are committed to maintaining the highest standards of honesty and integrity and expect the same from them. We have rigorous processes in place to ensure that our suppliers are paid promptly, in accordance with contract terms. 
To our communities, we are committed to helping disadvantaged 
communities, organisations and individuals to participate fully in the life of their community by delivering excellent services and investing in the long term. 
Our Staff 
Our staff remain our largest material stakeholder group. Over time, we have developed a range of formal and informal channels that allow our staff to engage in meaningful two-way dialogue, enabling the sharing of ideas and/or concerns with senior management. Our approach, as outlined in our Pinnacle Way booklet that goes to all staff, supports a culture of openness and transparency. People are encouraged to raise issues in a number of ways, individually and as teams. 
Two of the five Values that underpin our culture are Challenge and Involve. Positive indicators of "Involve" behaviours include "embraces the contribution of his/her colleagues", "cooperates with other team members, is open to others' ideas", with managers specifically encouraged to "involve staff in all decisions that affect them". Behaviours looked for in Challenge include "challenges the way we work - looks for alternative ways to deliver the service", ensuring that the sharing of everyone's ideas is woven into the fabric of the organisation, it takes place on a daily basis. 
To complement this, there is a well-defined structure of team meetings, health & safety meetings, etc. where managers meet staff and talk about issues affecting their contract and the business overall. People are encouraged to speak openly, and managers are encouraged, as a function of creating the right environment for their teams, "to make sure they understand the reality of the difficulties faced by their staff on a daily basis, support them, and take an interest in their staff and their problems". 
The flow of communication with people's line managers is complemented by ad hoe Senior Manager walkabouts, and a two weekly e-bulletin called Inside Angle, which keeps staff up to date on the latest developments and achievements across the Group and encourages contributions from everyone. 
Staff views are also sought through a system of engagement surveys designed to gauge opinions at various stages of the employee life cycle. These surveys also allow for people to raise any issues of concern they may have. 
During this financial year, a big emphasis has been made on the relaunch of our performance management framework, moving from a system that was considered too static, too paperbased, over formal and potentially confrontational rather than it being a positive two-way dialogue. It is now a much more dynamic process, with a combination of formal reviews and informal "check-ins" where objectives can be reviewed and revised as circumstances change. Time is set aside for staff to receive more feedback and recognition, which is important to them. We will continually look to seek feedback on this framework and will adapt and enhance as necessary. 
Finally, where things are not working, it is important that people know where they can turn. We have clear and comprehensive policies and procedures, and all staff are aware of how they can take advantage of those processes, including access to a confidential Employee Assistance Helpline. 
We are pleased to announce that, during this financial year, we maintained our Investor in People accreditation, being upgraded to the Silver standard award 
external barometer which clearly demonstrates that we are a values driven organisation, with people at the heart of everything we do. 
Audit Committee 
The Audit Committee's principal purpose is to recommend the appointment of external auditors to shareholders, oversee the integrity of the Company's financial information, ensure that the financial controls and risk management processes are robust and appropriate, and sign off the Audit Report. 
In this financial year, the committee comprised our three Non-Executive Directors. Additionally, other individuals are invited to attend as and when appropriate, including the CEO, CFO, Finance & Business Support Director, Group Commercial & Legal Director and our External Auditors. 
The committee has a clearly defined terms of reference, which is reviewed annually alongside all other governance groups. 
Remuneration Committee 
The Remuneration Committee's primary objective is approving the terms of employment of senior management within the business, to ensure that we can retain quality staff who can deliver the Group's strategic goals in a manner consistent with both its purpose and the interests of its shareholders. 
The committee firmly believes that attracting and retaining the best talent through competitive remuneration packages is key to the delivery of long-term sustainable value for all stakeholders. 
In this financial year, the committee comprised two Non-Executive Directors. The committee has a clearly defined terms of reference, which is reviewed annually alongside all other governance groups. 
COVID-19 
Towards the end of the financial year as it became clear that COVID 19 would develop into a global pandemic, we set up a special Crisis Management team to support senior management from operations and central functions through the impacts of the pandemic, supported by latest Government and Public Health England guidance. The response from both our staff and our customers to these unprecedented times has been remarkable, and we are confident that we will emerge from this crisis as a stronger organisation.


Executive Committee 
While the Group Chief executive is responsible for the day-to-day management of the business, he is supported in that role by the Executive Committee (ExCom). ExCom is chaired by the Group Chief Executive and consists of individuals responsible for the main operating businesses and key functions. A biography for each ExCom member can be found at the Group's website www.pinnaclegroup.co.uk.
