Corporate Governance Statement 
In accordance with the Large and Medium-sized Companies and Group (Accounts and Reports) Regulations 2008 (as amended by The Companies (Miscellaneous Reporting) Regulations 2018) {the 'Regulations'), for the year ended 31 December 2019, the Company has in its corporate governance arrangements applied the Wates Corporate Governance Principles for Large Private Companies (the 'Principles'), which are available at frc.org.uk. The following section explains the Company's approach to corporate governance, and its application of the Principles. Further detail is given in the full report available on the Company website. 
Principle 1 - Purpose & Leadership 
The Board have taken the opportunity to re-visit the values and objectives of the company and have agreed on a specific approach to take the company forward. The company's purpose and values inform expected behaviours and practices throughout the organisation and will be integrated into the business functions and operations. A healthy culture is vital to the company's competitive advantage and long-term value. The board, shareholders and management are committed to embedding the desired culture in the company.


Principle 2 - Board Composition 
The Board provides practical leadership to the Company and has an appropriate balance of executive directors (with access to non-executive directors) and of skills, knowledge and experience appropriate to meet the strategic needs and challenges of the organisation and to enable effective decision making. 
Princess Yachts (Holdings) Limited is the Parent Company of PYL (Parent Company). The structure of the Parent Company's board ensures that the Parent Company effectively acts as a supervisory board and ensures that the balance of responsibilities, accountabilities and decision making across the PYL are effectively maintained. The Shareholder representatives play a pivotal role in creating the conditions for overall Board and individual director effectiveness. They also bring experience in a variety of areas, in addition to perspectives and challenges from outside the sectors in which PYL operates. 
Principle 3 - Director Responsibilities 
There is a clear division of responsibility between the Executive Chairman, the Directors and the Non-Executive Directors of the Parent Company Board. Clear terms and obligations in the Shareholders Investment Agreements supports effective decision making. 
Principle 4 - Opportunity and Risk 
The Board seeks out opportunity whilst mitigating risk. The Board is at the forefront of the company's strategy to focus on renewal of its product range, innovation, customer care and operational improvements to drive the long-term sustainable growth of the company. The Company has embarked on a full-scale review of its risk management processes and engaged the services of a third party professional service to assist in the introduction of a bespoke risk management system. The initial focus of the project will be to introduce a system that ensures inherent and emerging risks are identified and managed appropriately and in a timely manner. Additionally, this will ensure that there is a coherent approach to risk identification, classification and mitigation. 
Principle 5 - Remuneration 
Remuneration is ultimately overseen by the Parent Company Board. The Board promotes executive remuneration structures aligned to the long-term sustainable success of a company, considering pay and conditions elsewhere in PYL. The Parent Company Board plays an oversight role in respect of executive remuneration and is responsible for overseeing recommendations from the Board concerning the remuneration and recruitment strategy, long-term incentive plans. Advice is taken from independent external consultants who provide updates on legislative requirements, best market practice and remuneration benchmarking. 
Principle 6 - Stakeholder Relationships and Engagement 
The Company is committed to continuing to develop effective relationships with all stakeholders and key stakeholders such as the Workforce, Distributors, Customers and Suppliers all have bespoke mechanisms dedicated to enhancing those relationships, increasing engagement and having specific regard to their views when taking decisions. Further detail is contained in the full governance statement available on the Company website.
