Purpose and leadership 
PPC's purpose is aligned with that of its parent company, Provident Financial pie (the 'group), which is predicated on its customers and is underpinned by a number of strategic drivers and behaviours. The group follows the Corporate Governance Code and details of its compliance are reported within its 2019 Annual Report and Accounts (the "PF Annual Report"). The Board is focused upon delivering an appropriate balance between the needs of the company's stakeholders, in order to ensure that PPG is successful and sustainable for all. By balancing the interests of our stakeholders, lending responsibly, contributing to wider society and ensuring the appropriate corporate governance arrangements are in place, PPG can maintain a reputation for high standards of business conduct. 
PPC operates under the group's cultural Blueprint, the aim of which is to unify colleagues around the group's purpose of putting people on a path to a better everyday life and provide financial inclusion for the 1 in 5 UK adults who are not well served by mainstream lenders. For more information on the Blueprint initiative, please see pages 12 to 23 of the PF Annual Report. 
PPC is a wholly-owned subsidiary of Provident Financial pie, with visibility and transparency between the two entities ensured by the group CEO and CFO being members of the Board, the CEO also being the Chair. A Group Delegated Authorities Manual ("GDAM") assists in setting decision making expectations of the PPC Board and management. 
PPC's relationship with its employees is of vital importance to the company, and workforce advisory panels are in place throughout the group, including the Consumer Credit Division, of which PPC forms a part. A group-wide survey was conducted in 2019; the results have been discussed by the CCD Executive Committee and an action plan formulated and overseen by key PPG directors and senior management. Changes delivered in the year have included improvements to employee health and safety; remote card readers for CEMs and instant access to emergency services when in danger. Enhanced mechanisms for colleague recognition have been launched. Furthermore, roadshows, weekly departmental meetings, use of a company-wide intranet and more all help demonstrate to employees that they are respected and appreciated by the company. With regards to making sure feedback is not simply a 'once a year' event, the group has in place a group Employee Champion NED who visits PPC sites and delivers feedback to the group Customer, Culture and Ethics ("CCE") Committee Report consistently, which is further explained in the PF Annual Report at page 106. 
The group-wide rollout of the Blueprint initiative in 2019 embedded the purpose and values via several company events, the updating of policies and the inclusion of relevant criteria into colleague performance development reviews. PPC utilises a balanced scorecard of key performance indicators to measure its embedding of the Blueprint, and these are reported into and monitored by the group through its CCE Committee. Further information on the Blueprint can be found in the PF Annual Report on pages 12 to 23. 
PPG has in place a Whistleblowing Policy, Whistleblowing Forum and an external independent route in place for employees to raise any matters of concern. Whistleblowing reports are collated and reported to the group Board, with actions cascaded to the PPC as appropriate. This process is sponsored by the group General Counsel and Company Secretary who is responsible for facilitating robust controls and comprehensive independent investigation of any reports made. The Company Secretary similarly maintains a group Conflicts of Interest Policy. 
PPC's strategy is set at the company level, and is aligned overall with the group. PPC has a market leading position in the provision of unsecured personal loans to the underserved through Provident home credit and Satsuma online loans. The company's aim is to support customers to navigate their everyday life and provide opportunities for them to improve their credit rating. Home credit and Satsuma products are an important part of financial inclusion within their respective markets. More information on PPC's purpose and.strategy can be found within the PF Annual Report on pages 12 to 29.


Purpose and leadership (continued) The nature of PPC's customer base and the market it specialises in makes the building and maintaining of open and trusting dialogue with policy makers and key regulators, the Financial Conduct Authority (FCA) and Central Bank of Ireland (CBI), critical to developing a sustainable business model for the long term success of the company. During 2019 the PPC Board engaged in extensive dialogue with the FCA in relation to the launch of a hybrid product, Provident Direct, and liaised with the CBI in relation to the rollout of a new operating model within its field force. For further information on how the PPC Board engages with its regulators, please see the Section 172 statement on pages 7 to 12. 
Board composition The PPC Board's roles of Chair and Chief Executive are separate, with the group CEO being the Chair of PPC. The Board also comprises the PPC Managing Director, Finance Director and the group CFO, ensuring that there is the appropriate level of oversight for the size and complexity of the business, and reflecting the requirements of a company which is FCA and CBI regulated and a wholly-owned subsidiary of a group. Other attendees are invited as appropriate (including the CRO) and every director has significant sector specific knowledge. The Chair (group CEO) and group CFO's biographies are located on pages 92 and 93 of the PF Annual Report. As all Directors are Executive Directors each demonstrates a strong knowledge of the business. The PPC Board undertakes an annual review of its Board, Committee and individual director effectiveness and the results inform succession planning. 
There is a joint Audit and Risk Committee, the membership of which includes the MD, CRO and FD. The group CFO is the Chair of the Audit and Risk Committee. The duties and responsibilities of this Committee are documented within its terms of reference and include monitoring the integrity of financial reporting, internal controls and risk management of PPC and advising the Board on whether internal controls and risks are sufficiently robust and appropriately managed. 
The Board and Chair are supported by the group Company Secretariat who ensure that an appropriate agenda is set in consultation with the Chair, that directors have access to appropriate information and that there is sufficient time within meetings to enable meaningful discussion. In 2019 PPC held four Board meetings and successfully completed its annual cycle of work. 
The Board currently has 25% female representation and PPC adheres to the group-wide policy on Equality, Diversity and Inclusion ('EDI'), which references both the Hampton-Alexander Review and the Parker Review targets. The group EDI policy recognises that Board diversity plays a key role in contributing to the group's success. Whilst there was no recruitment to the Board during 2019, the Board is committed to promoting diversity and has in place succession and talent development plans. 
Within PPC an annual functional talent review takes place during AugusVSeptember for all employees. This includes assessing colleagues' skills and identifying any key skill gaps, an assessment of successors and a key action log exploring team wide interventions and longer term goals. An overview of the PPC workforce profile is then collated and submitted to the PPC Executive Committee for review and discussion. PPC continues to take advantage of technical development opportunities presented by the Apprenticeship Levy, explore opportunities to align Field and Head Office talent and has re-launched its internal mentoring programme. PPC participates in the group Women in Leadership Programme, which seeks to aid female colleague progression throughout the group and their influence throughout their respective entity. 
Director responsibility To ensure that all the Board and individual directors continue to have a clear understanding of their accountability and responsibilities, refresher Section 172 training took place for the group Non Executive Directors during 2019, and refresher training for PPC's Executive Directors is planned during 2020. 
The GDAM was finalised in late-2019 which details approval limits and documents the appropriate hierarchy of decision making at the company and group level. PPC is currently reviewing and enhancing its delegated authorities manual to articulate the delegated authorities between the group and PPC. Further to this, there is a company specific Governance Framework and Governance Manual that are subject to internal audit review to assess their effectiveness


Director responsibility (continued) The Board has in place a schedule of matters reseNed for its decision and Board and Committee terms of references. Senior Management Function Statements of Responsibilities and a Management Responsibilities Map were put in place to support the rollout of the Senior Managers and Certification Regime ("SMCR") in December 2019. 
PPC is provided with a risk framework within which to operate by Provident Financial pie, and this is embedded through the adherence to Corporate Policies, against which it is required to provide a bi-annual attestation of compliance. The last attestation was provided for the 2019 full year in January 2020. In addition PPC has a suite of risk policies, compliance with which is monitored by its risk and internal audit functions and overseen by the Audit and Risk Committee. PPC also has an Enterprise Risk Management Framework alongside its own risk appetite which is fully aligned with that of the group. 
With regards to Conflict of Interests, PPC's Conflict of Interests register is maintained by the group Company Secretariat and care is taken to accurately reflect those conflicts which arise due to Directors being on the board of more than one group company. 
Group Company Secretariat support the Board and Chair on all governance matters, including providing timely Board and Committee agendas. Board papers are preceded by an executive summary and enhancements to the standards of reports to the Board were made during 2019 with the rollout of standardised reporting templates across the group. 
Opportunity and risk Sustainability and the ability to create an environment for the business where growth and success are prevalent is important to the Board of PPG. The company prepares a budget, approved by the Board, and embedded within which are the assumptions made within the Board approved strategy and plan. The budget satisfies the requirements of the company and aligns with that of the group. This consideration has led to the creation of a hybrid product in the form of Provident Direct. For more information on the product please refer to page 8 of the Strategic Report in the PF Annual Report. 
The Audit and Risk Committee considers a Risk Management Report and the Key Risk Indicators by which the company's adherence to its Risk Appetite is measured. Risk ownership is defined by role and risk owners report into the Chief Risk Officer who, in turn, reports into the Board. The Risk Management report involves the use of a Risk Map whereby all latest changes are highlighted accordingly to predetermined risk grading and RAG status. Internal audit reports are considered and findings and action closure rates discussed. Risk reporting is reviewed within Board meetings and aggregated and aligned with that of the group for onward reporting to the Board of Provident Financial pie. Furthermore there is a group Risk Committee and, outside of the formal governance structure a meeting between the Chief Risk Officers of each subsidiary and the group Risk Committee Chair. For further information on Provident Financial pie's three lines of defence model, please see the Risk Committee Report in the PF Annual Report at pages 135 to 137. 
Remuneration PPC is a wholly owned subsidiary of Provident Financial pie and as such remuneration levels for colleagues are set within the group framework. The group Remuneration Committee sets the bonus policy, overall annual salary budgets (within which PPC can set annual salaries) and share scheme awards. The Remuneration Policy, applicable to group NED's and Executive Directors, is determined by its parent company and details of the policy can be found within the Directors Remuneration Report within the PF Annual Report. The group Remuneration Committee also oversee the remuneration of the CCD MD, PPC's Chair (group CEO) and group CFO as they are group Senior Management. 
The remuneration of the wider workforce is discussed as part of the budgeting process within the CCD Executive Committee, group Executive Committee and is aligned to performance, both in terms of what colleagues achieve and how they achieve it, and to desired culture and business performance. Remuneration as a whole is benchmarked against the wider market so as to appropriately remunerate PPC's employees in order to retain talent and the progression of the business.


Stakeholder Relationships 
The Board of PPG is dedicated to maintaining meaningful and productive engagement with its key stakeholders. PPG uses a wide variety of methods to engage with its stakeholders and reporting is considered at the most appropriate forum, whether this be at the company or group level. For further information regarding PPC's stakeholder engagement, please refer to page 68 - 70 of the Strategic Report in the Annual Report.
