Corporate governance 
Given the principal activity of the Company is that of a holding and investment company, the role of the Board is to 
provide strategic guidance and oversight of the Company, in line with the overall QBE EO strategy and QBE EO's values. The corporate governance framework for the Division is managed at the QBE EO level. 
During the year, QBE EO's corporate governance structure and system of governance has continued to evolve reflecting the ongoing commitment to ensuring that the Board remains efficient, relevant and supportive of the strategic aims of the Company and the wider QBE EO division. The structure continues to comply with relevant regulatory and legal requirements. 
Effective for the year ended 31 December 2019, the Company has adopted the Wates Corporate Governance Principles for Large Private Companies ('Principles'). In accordance with The Companies (Miscellaneous Reporting) Regulations 2018, set out below is an explanation of how the Company, via the QBE EO divisional level framework, has applied each of the Principles. 
Principle 1 - Purpose and leadership The Company is a key holding company and subsidiary of QBE EO which is part of QBE Insurance Group Limited 
('QBE Group'). As part of the wider QBE Group, our purpose is to give people the confidence to achieve their ambitions. Further details on engagement with our stakeholders are provided within the Section 172 statement on page 8 and under Principle 6 on page 7. 
The Board ensures that its obligations to its shareholder and other stakeholders of QBE EO are understood and met. 
The QBE Group's culture is underpinned by the QBE DNA, which comprises seven behavioural elements and are outlined on page 8.

Principle 2 - Board Composition As a subsidiary of QBE EO and an unregulated entity, the Company's Board comprises five Executive Directors and the Chair of the meeting is determined at each Board meeting, and is generally the most senior Executive Director present. Directors have equal voting rights when making decisions and the Chair has a casting vote when required. All Directors have access to the advice and services of the Company Secretary and are able to seek professional advice at the Company's expense. 
The Board currently comprises QBE EO's Chief Executive Officer ('CEO'), Chief Financial Officer, Chief Risk Officer ('CRO'), the Director of Compliance and the Finance Director. Given· the nature of the activity of the Company there are no Non-Executive Directors ('NED') appointed to the Board. During the year Mr Robert Stone stepped down as a Director of the Board and the Board appointed Mr Paul McCann. The Board met [once] during the year and formalised other business by written resolution. 
The Board considers that the experience and areas of focus which each Board member brings to the Company results in a balanced team. Taking account of the Company's principal activities as a holding and investment company of the QBE EO division, the size and composition of the Board is considered to be appropriate. 
Each year there is a formal Board Effectiveness Review ('BER'), for the main Boards of QBE EO, which in 2019 was facilitated by an independent external advisor. In May 2019, the QBE Group undertook a BER encompassing the regulated Divisional Boards. This review did not raise any concerns about any QBE EO subsidiary Boards regarding effectiveness. 
Principle 3 - Director Responsibilities 
Accountability - The Company supports good governance to ensure the right safeguards are in place and that key and important decisions taken are underpinned by appropriate, clear and accurate information and data. Whilst Board oversight is always maintained, key decisions are made by QBE EO's Executive Management Board ('EMB'), QBE EO's Board committees and, where appropriate, management groups as well as by senior management under ·delegated authorities. 
Each Board member has an understanding of their accountability and responsibilities, as per their Statement of Responsibilities as a senior manager of QBE EO (where appropriate), and the QBE EO Management Responsibility Maps which are required to be maintained under the Senior Managers & Certification Regime ('SMCR'). 
Updates on Directors' related parties (as part of the year-end financial reporting process) are sought annually and Directors' conflicts of interest are declared at Board meetings. Appropriate safeguards have been implemented where a potential or actual conflict exits. 
Integrity of information - The QBE EO Board receives information on all relevant key aspects of the business including financial performance, risks, operational matters, market conditions and sustainability, supported by Key Performance Indicators (KPis) and other metrics 
Principle 4 - Opportunity and Risk A Board should promote the long-term sustainable success of the company by identifying opportunities to create and 
preserve value and establishing oversight for the identification and mitigation of risks. QBE EO seeks out opportunity whilst mitigating risk. 
Opportunity - Long term strategic opportunities are highlighted in the annual strategy process which is discussed by the main Boards of QBE EO through the year. QBE EO seeks out opportunities as part of the strategic initiatives agreed. Short term opportunities to improve performance, resilience and liquidity are collated through the business unit review process, which is attended by members of the EMB.


Principle 4 - Opportunity and Risk (continued) Risk - The EO Enterprise Risk Management ('ERM') function ('ERM Function') assists QBE EO and its management team in achieving QBE Group's vision and values by pursuing opportunities and managing risk effectively. The vision for ERM is to achieve an optimum return on risk-based capital within the QBE Group appetite for risk. The ERM Function aims to enrich decision-making to optimise return on capital by delivering an ERM framework, reviewing and supporting its application and providing independent insight and challenge to risk assessment and risk management processes across QBE EO. The ERM Function reports into the C~.O as the Solvency II Risk Function holder. 
A three lines of defence approach to managing risk is defined and applied across QBE EO business functions. Each line is allocated responsibility under this approach as follows: • 
• • 
Line 1: taking, managing and controlling risk and quality assurance and monitoring; Line 2: independent review, challenge, oversight and reporting ofrisks and Line 3: evaluation of the effectiveness of control and governance processes. 
The oversight and management of risk by the CRO, the Risk & Capital Committee ('RCC') and the Board is supported by ERM governance, challenge, assurance and reporting processes. These include but are not limited to the following: 
Governance and culture: The Risk Management Strategy ('RMS') describes the approach taken for managing risk and the key elements of the ERM framework. The RMS defines our risk preferences and material risk classes, which are strategic risk (including environmental, social and governance risks); insurance risk; credit risk; market risk; liquidity risk; operational risk; compliance risk and group risk. 
Risk identification: ERM coordinate risk identification as part of the emerging risks process. This includes the assessment, monitoring and reporting of emerging risks and the agreement and challenge of Line 1 risk mitigation plans. The emerging risks process ensures that external expertise and information are sought and considered when risks are being identified and monitored. 
Risk Appetite: These are QBE EO Board-owned statements that articulate the level ofrisk QBE EO is prepared to take in pursuit of its objectives. Risk Appetite Statements are established for material risk classes, which are monitored and reported against to the RCC by the ERM Function quarterly. 
Risk Assessment and Issues management: The ownership and business-as-usual operation of Risk and Control SelfAssessments is being embedded across all Line 1 business functions, with the support of the ERM Function. 
Challenge and assurance: The capabilities of the ERM Function include specific deep dive, where specific topics are investigated in depth and reported on to the RCC. 
Risk reporting: The ORSA process, report and dashboards, ensuring they reflect the requirements of the RCC, Boards and regulators. 
Principle 5 - Remuneration The QBE EO People & Remuneration Committee ('PARC') has clearly defined terms ofreference and is responsible for providing input and recommendations to QBE EO and QBE Group PARC on the design and operation of any QBE Group 
global remuneration framework ('Framework'). In addition, the PARC assists the main Board of QBE EO in: • 
Oversight of the effectiveness of the Framework; 
• Remuneration of and incentive arrangements relating to Directors and other senior managers; and • 
People programmes and projects including culture, employee engagement, diversity and inclusion and nonBoard succession planning, in the context of the broader strategy and frameworks set by QBE Group. 
PARC's role is to ensure that QBE EO may appropriately attract, retain, reward and motivate talented employees and Directors while ensuring that the incentives contained in the remuneration policies do not lead to excessive risk-taking and the pursuit of interests other than those of the Companies and their stakeholders.

Principle 5 - Remuneration (continued) In 2019, QBE EO published its gender pay reporting which highlighted some specific areas offi.uther focus for 2020 and beyond and will continue to publish such reporting. QBE EO, and as part of the wider QBE Group, is an active equal opportunities employer and promotes an environment free from discrimination, harassment and victimisation, where everyone receives equal treatment and career development regardless of age, gender, nationality, ethnic origin, religion, marital status, sexual orientation or disability. All decisions relating to employment practices (including remuneration) are objective, free from bias and based solely upon work criteria and individual merit. 
Efforts to foster a diverse workforce at all levels at QBE EO progresses and initiatives led by the EMB, supported by the Inclusion Council and employee networks (workability, circle, pride) continue. 
Principle 6 - Stakeholders The Board is clear that good governance and effective communication are essential to deliver QBE EO's purpose and to protect the Company's and QBE EO's interest as well as its brand, reputation and relationships with all our stakeholder community including our employees, shareholder, customers, brokers and other intermediaries, regulators, communities and the environment in which we work. 
QBE Group focusses on sustainability and making positive contributions where we operate by working with our customers, partners and communities to address key economic, social and environmental issues. 
The Board continues to seek to align the Company's direction with the shareholder's long-term aspirations for sustainability, growth, diversification and investment.
