Corporate governance 
During the year, the Company's corporate governance structure and system of governance has continued to evolve reflecting the Board's ongoing commitment to ensuring that it remains efficient, relevant and supportive of the strategic aims of the Company. The structure continues to comply with all relevant regulatory and legal requirements. 
Effective for the year ended 31 December 2019, the Company has adopted the Wates Corporate Governance Principles for Large Private Companies ('P1inciples'). In accordance with The Companies (Miscellaneous Reporting) Regulations 
· 2018, set out below is an explanation of how the Company has applied each of the Principles. Principle 1 - Purpose and leadership 
QBE European Operations ('QBE EO') is part of QBE Insurance Group Limited ('QBE Group'). As part of the wider QBE Group, our purpose is to give people the confidence to achieve their ambitions. Our priorities are detailed on page 4. Further details on engagement with our stakeholders are provided within the Section 172 statement on page 11 and under Principle 6 on page 11. 
The Board Charter of the Company states that the role of the Board is to provide leadership, to oversee the design and implementation of QBE EO's strategy and to set a framework of prudent and effective controls which enable risk to be assessed and managed within it. The Board Charter includes an agreed set of matters reserved for the Board's consideration. The Board ensures that the necessary financial and human resources are in place for QBE EO to meet its objectives and reviews the performance of management in delivering on QBE EO's strategic aims. The Board sets and instils QBE EO's values and culture in the light of those set by QBE Group and ensures that its obligations to its shareholder and other stakeholders of QBE EO are understood and met. 
The QBE Group's culture is underpinned by the QBE DNA, which comprises seven behavioural elements and are outlined on page 12. 
Principle 2 - Board Composition 
The Board is chaired by Mr Timothy Ingram, who is an independent Non-Executive Director ('NED'). The role of the Chair of the Board is distinct from that of the Chief Executive Officer, and each role is clearly established. This separation of roles ensures that the balance of responsibilities, accountabilities and decision making are effectively maintained. Directors have equal voting rights when making decisions and the Chair has a casting vote when required. All Directors have access to the advice and services of the Company Secretary and are able t,o seek professional advice at the Company's expense. 
A Statement of Responsibility for each Director's role is maintained in accordance with the Senior Managers & Certification Regime ('SMCR'). There are also prescribed responsibilities allocated to certain senior managers.


Principle 2 - Board Composition ( continued) The Board comprises a Chair, Chief Executive Officer ('CEO'), Chief Financial Officer, Chief Risk Officer ('CRO'), two Chief Underwriting Officers representing both the insurance and reinsurance business, and three further Independent NEDs, one of which has been appointed the Senior Independent Director. During the year Ms Wai-Fong Au stepped down as a Director of the Board and the Board appointed Ms Catherine Brown as an independent NED and Chair of the People & Remuneration Committee ('PARC'). The Board met eleven times during the year and there was strong attendance from all Directors. 
In conjunction with QBE Group and led by the Nomination Committee, succession planning is undertaken in accordance with the talent and culture objectives within the strategic priorities of both QBE EO and QBE Group whilst ensuring the Board has the right balance of skills, knowledge, experience and diversity to be effective. 
The Board considers that the experience and areas of focus which each Board member brings to the Company results in a strong and balanced leadership team. The Independent NEDs have no material business or relationships with the Company that might influence their independence or judgement, and bring a range of financial services and wider industry experience to the Board. As such, the size and composition of the Board is considered to be appropriate. 
QBE Group have introduced a continuing professional development programme which requires each NED to undertake ten hours of continuous professional development each year covering areas such as regulation, insurance and customer. A NED skills matrix is maintained by Company Secretarial, together with NED training records and these are considered annually by the PARC. 
Each year there is a formal Board Effectiveness Review ('BER'), which is facilitated by an independent external advisor. In May 2019, the QBE Group undertook a BER encompassing the Divisional Boards, including the Board of the Company. Comments supporting continuous improvement of effectiveness of the Board arising from the review were discussed by the Boards and a number of minor actions were agreed. 
Principle 3 - Director Responsibilities 
Accountability - The Company supports good governance to ensure the right safeguards are in place and that key and important decisions taken are underpinned by appropriate, clear and accurate information and data. Whilst Board oversight is always maintained, key decisions are made by the Executive Management Board ('EMB '), Board committees and, where appropriate, management groups as well as by senior management under delegated authorities (which are Board approved). 
· 
Each Board member has a clear understanding of their accountability and responsibilities as set out in the Board Charter, Committee Terms of Reference and their Statement of Responsibilities as a senior manager (where appropriate), and the Management Responsibility Maps which are required to be maintained under the SMCR. 
Updates on Directors' related parties (as part of the year-end financial reporting process) are sought annually and Directors' conflicts of interest are declared at Board meetings. A Directors' conflicts of interest register is maintained. Appropriate safeguards have been implemented where a potential or actual conflict exits. 
Committees ~ The duties of the Board are executed to some degree through Board Committees that are each chaired by a NED. The Board and other regulated companies in QBE EO have jointly constituted these Board Committees which comprise appropriately skilled members and are supported by attendees as necessary. QBE EO's key Committees comprise: Audit Committee; Investment Committee; People & Remuneration Committee; Nomination Committee; and Risk and Capital Committee 
In addition, the EMB has also been constituted to act as a Management Committee of the Company and other UK regulated companies in QBE EO. The EMB is Chaired by the CEO (and its management groups are each chaired by an EMB member). The Board delegates authority for day-to-day management of the Company to the CEO who is supported by the EMB. Membership of the EMB includes the CFO, CRO, leaders of the Insurance and Reinsurance business areas, Human Resources, Operations, and Claims functions. The EMB's responsibilities include formulating and implementing approved strategies and plans, and management of the day-to-day effective running of the Company. During the year the EMB met at least ten times.


Principle 3 - Director Responsibilities (continued) During 2019, following adoption of the QBE Group Governance Framework ('GGF'), the Remuneration & Nomination Committee was split to form the following two committees: (i) the PARC (with a broader remit encompassing people and culture issues) and (ii) the Nomination Committee with the Chair of the Board chairing the Nomination Committee, and an independent non-executive Director of QUK and QUL taking over as Chair of the PARC. 
Committee Terms of Reference were reviewed by the relevant Committees and Boards, with minor enhancements being made to reflect ongoing assessment of key responsibilities of the Committees and the requirements of the GGF with regard to membership and responsibilities. 
Integrity of information - The Board receives regular and timely information on all key aspects of the business including financial performance, reserving, risks, operational matters, market conditions and sustainability, supported by Key Performance Indicators (KPis) and other metrics. KPis are detailed on page 3 of the Strategic Report. 
Principle 4 - Opportunity and Risk A board should promote the long-term sustainable success of the company by identifying opportunities to create and preserve value and establishing oversight for the identification and mitigation of risks. The Board seeks out opportunity whilst mitigating risk. 
Opportunity - Long term strategic opportunities are highlighted in the annual strategy process which is discussed with the Board through the year. The Board seeks out opportunities as part of the strategic initiatives agreed. Short term opportunities to improve performance, resilience and liquidity are collated through the business unit review process, which is attended by members of the EMB. 
Risk - The EO Enterprise Risk Management ('ERM') function ('ERM Function') assists the Board and its management team in achieving QBE Group's vision and values by pursuing opportunities and managing risk effectively. The vision for ERM is to achieve an optimum return on risk-based capital within the QBE Group appetite for risk. The ERM Function aims to enrich decision-making to optimise return on capital by delivering an ERM framework, reviewing and· supporting its application and providing independent insight and challenge to risk assessment and risk management processes across QBE EO. The ERM Function reports into the CRO as the Solvency II Risk Function holder. 
A three lines of defence approach to managing risk is defined and applied across QBE EO business functions. Each line is allocated responsibility under this approach as follows: • 
• • 
Line 1: taking, managing and controlling risk and quality assurance and monitoring; Line 2: independent review, challenge, oversight and reporting ofrisks and Line 3: evaluation of the effectiveness of control and governance processes. 
The oversight and management of risk by the CRO, the RCC and the Board is supported by ERM governance, challenge, assurance and reporting processes. These include but are not limited to the following: 
Governance and culture: The Risk Management Strategy ('RMS') describes the approach taken for managing risk and the key elements of the ERM framework. The RMS defines our risk preferences and material risk classes, which are strategic risk (including environmental, social and governance risks); insurance risk; credit risk; market risk; liquidity risk; operational risk; compliance risk and group risk. 
Risk identification: ERM coordinate risk identification as part of the emerging risks process. This includes the assessment, monitoring and reporting of emerging risks and the agreement and challenge of Line 1 risk mitigation plans. The emerging risks process ensures that external expertise and information are sought and considered when risks are being identified and monitored. 
Risk Appetite: These are Board-owned statements that articulate the level of risk QBE EO is prepared to take in pursuit of its objectives. Risk Appetite Statements are established for material risk classes, which are monitored and reported against to the RCC by the ERM Function quarterly. 
Risk Assessment and Issues management: The ownership and business-as-usual operation of Risk and Control SelfAssessments is being embedded across all Line 1 business functions, with the support of the ERM Function.


Principle 4 - Opportunity and Risk (continued) Challenge and assurance: The capabilities of the ERM Function include specific deep dive, where specific topics are investigated in depth and reported on to the RCC. 
Risk reporting: The ORSA process, report and dashboards, ensuring they reflect the requirements of the RCC, Boards and regulators. 
Principle 5 - Remuneration 
The PARC has clearly defined terms of reference and is responsible for providing input and recommendations to the Board and QBE Group PARC on the design and operation of any QBE Group global remuneration framework ('Framework'). In addition, the PARC assists the Boards of QBE EO in: 
· 
• • • 
Oversight of the effectiveness of the Framework; Remuneration of and incentive arrangements relating to Directors and other senior managers; and 
People programmes and projects including culture, employee engagement, diversity and inclusion and nonBoard succession planning, in the context of the broader strategy and frameworks set by QBE Group. 
PARC's role is to ensure that the Company may appropriately attract, retain, reward and motivate talented employees and Directors while ensuring that the ·incentives contained in the remuneration policies do not lead to excessive risk-taking and the pursuit of interests other than those of the Companies and their stakeholders. 
In 2019, the Company published its gender pay reporting which highlighted some specific areas of further focus for 2020 and beyond and will continue to publish such reporting. QBE EO, and as part of the wider QBE Group, is an active equal opportunities employer and promotes an environment free from discrimination, harassment and victimisation, where everyone receives equal treatment and career development regardless of age, gender, nationality, ethnic origin, religion, marital status, sexual orientation or disability. All decisions relating to employment practices (including remuneration) are objective, free from bias and based solely upon work criteria and individual merit. 
Efforts to foster a diverse workforce at all levels at QBE EO progresses and initiatives led by the EMB, supported by the Inclusion Council and employee networks (workability, circle, pride) continue. 
Principle 6 - Stakeholders The Board is clear that good governance and effective communication are essential on a day-to-day basis to deliver our purpose and to protect the Company's interest as well as its brand, reputation and relationships with all our stakeholder community including our employees, shareholder, customers, brokers and other intermediaries, regulators, communities and the environment in which we work. 
QBE Group focusses on sustainability and making positive contributions where we operate by working with our customers, partners and communities to address key economic, social and environmental issues. 
The Board continues to seek to align the Company's strategic direction with its purpose and to the shareholder's longterm aspirations for sustainability, growth, diversification and investment. The Chair of the Board is a key communication route between the Board and the shareholder, as is Mr Richard Pryce, the CEO.
