Corporate Governance Arrangements 

In accordance with the provisions of The Companies [Miscellaneous Reporting] Regulations 2018, the Company has chosen to apply the Wates Corporate Governance Principles (the "Principles") for Large Private Companies for reporting in relation to the 2019 financial year. The Principles, and an explanation of how each Principle has been addressed by the Company, are set out below.


Principle 
Explanation 
1. Purpose and Leadership The Company has a clear purpose, to provide "Complete Peace of Mind" to our members for their driving needs. This is aligned to the strategy to deliver long term sustainable growth, underpinned by a quality customer experience enabled by people, digital platforms and data. The Company understands that the delivery of the strategy is only possible through its people. The new company values have now been in place for over one year and together with the passion, commitment and integrity of colleagues, the values have helped to create the RAC culture. Vision and Strategy - see page 10 Our colleagues - see page 24 
2. Board Composition 
The board provides practical leadership to the Company and has an appropriate balance of executive and non-executive ·directors and of skills, knowledge and experience appropriate to meet the strategic needs and challenges of the organisation and to enable effective decision making. Evaluation of the effectiveness of the board takes place on a regular basis. The Board - see pages 19 to 22 
3. Director Responsibilities There is a clear division of responsibility between the Chairman, the Executive 
Directors and the Non-Executive Directors. Clear terms of reference for the membership and responsibilities of the various board committees supports effective decision making. Governance - see pags 19 to 23 
4. Opportunity and Risk 
The board is at the forefront of the Company's efforts to enhance its existing products, as well as its expansion into new areas as it seeks to offer what customers want and to drive the long term sustainable growth of the Company. All material business development opportunities are subject to a detailed and rigorous board review and approval process. A formal risk management framework is in place for the identification, monitoring and management of risks, which is overseen by the Board Audit, Risk and Compliance Committee. Opportunities - see page 3 Risk Management - see pages 13 to 16 
5. Remuneration 
Remuneration is ultimately overseen by the Board Remuneration Committee, which is responsible for agreeing the individual remuneration packages !including pension rights, compensation payments and other benefits) for each of the CEO, the Chairman, each executive director and other senior executives of the Group. The Remuneration Committee is also responsible for incentive and bonus arrangements and awards, including setting the relevant targets for performance related schemes. The Committee ensures that the remuneration policy is aligned with the Company's sustainable long-term growth by ensuring that the remuneration practices across the Group operate in line with PRA and FCA requirements and specifically that they do not drive inappropriate behaviours. Remuneration Committee - see page 23 
6. Stakeholder 
Relationships and Engagement 
The Company recognises the importance of having effective relationships with its stakeholders, engaging with them and having regard to their views when taking decisions. Stakeholder Report - see page 28-29
