Corporate Governance Statement 
The Directors have chosen to develop the Company's own governance policy drawing from the Wates Principles and the European Banking Authority's guidelines on internal governance. The Company expects the policy will evolve and improve through at least annual effectiveness assessments. This approach was considered most appropriate as the Company does not have a premium listing that would require the application of the UK Corporate Governance Code. The approach also recognises that the Company is an EU Public Interest Entity in its own right with a simple business model, is subject to robust UK banking regulations, and is a wholly owned subsidiary of RCI Banque SA. 
The Governance Policy establishes the following arrangements: • 
• 
Composition of the Board: Board members are appointed based on their skill set relevant to their duties as Directors of a regulated bank. The Senior Management and Certification Regime has been implemented and the matters reserved for the Board clearly defined; 
Committee structure and organisation: covers the legal ownership structure of the Company, the role and terms of reference of each Board Committee, the executive management and executive committees together with the responsibilities assigned to each Board member; 
• • 
Shareholder and regulatory structure: contains a detailed structure of the Renault group including the ownership between each entity as well as the related UK regulatory authorities having oversight on the Company and the Group; 
Relationship with the parent bank (RCI Banque SA): sets out the matters reserved to this sole shareholder and the process for ensuring the UK Board has the necessary level of autonomy for meeting the governance expectations of a UK regulated bank, including setting and approving the risk appetite statement; 
• Code of behaviour: outlines the core values that must be applied within the Group and the adoption of the global Renault Way programme (see further details in the Stakeholder Engagement and s. 172(1) statement on page 11); 
• 
Internal control framework: the Company has an independent compliance function and an independent risk function, both of which are transparent with the regulatory bodies. A set of thirteen policies and documents currently make up the Enterprise Risk Management Framework setting expectations for risk management and control, related control functions including risk, legal, compliance, internal audit as well as for outsourced suppliers. 
The implementation of the Governance Policy is well advanced. An internal audit was carried out to provide early feedback on design effectiveness, and good progress is being made with completing the improvement recommendations. 
Separately, the Board completed a self assessment of its effectiveness ahead of commissioning an external Board effectiveness review in 2020. Details of the functioning of the Board and executive committees are given in the Governance Report from page 13. 
In summary, whilst Board processes are in their early stages of maturity, they are well advanced and, as a separately authorised bank, the working relationship with the shareholder has become well balanced. The actions being taken in response to the internal audit and Board self-evaluation are driving further improvement. The external evaluation will provide further insight into the progress made and the work still to be undertaken.
