Corporate Governance Report 
Following the Companies (Miscellaneous Reporting) Regulations 2018 (SI 2018/860), the Company is required to provide on its website and in its Annual Report, for financial years from 1 January 2019, details of any corporate governance code applied, how the company complies with this code, and an explanation of any deviations from this code. 
To ensure good corporate governance, the Company have adopted the Wates Corporate Governance Principles For Large Private Companies published in December 2018 and applies the 6 principles of the Code as set out in this statement. 
The information in this statement will be reviewed annually in line with the Company's Annual Report. 
Purpose and Leadership Our Board is fully involved in developing and promoting the Company's purpose with the Executive Team. The Executive Team, led by the ChiefExccutive Officer, is responsible for recommending to the Board the strategy of the Company, considering the interests of its shareholders, customers, employees and other stakeholders. The Executive Team is then responsible for implementing the strategy and managing the business at an operational level. 
Our strategy is customer growth and to ensure and elevate customer satisfaction with products and services, so as to meet financial performance targets set by shareholders and the Company's management, led by our Parent Company. It is also our strategy to operate within an appropriate governance and legislative framework so that the highest standards are always maintained. 
We continually look to strengthen our sales opportunities by sourcing quality products and materials, providing 'best in class' customer service, and ensuring that we maintain a capable, motivated workforce. To achieve long term sustainable success, the Company has adopted a net promoter score-card for its customers. This provides management with a clear understanding of how customers view the Company and its products and services. Following feedback from customers, and considering our competitive position in the market, we have invested significantly in our digital webshop, making more products available to our wide customer base. 
We take company culture very seriously. Our anonymous Employee Satisfaction Surveys have been key for the Company to understanding the expectations of our staff. In addition, our HR Team seek regular feedback through exit interviews with leavers monitor employee turnover, in order to determine the culture of the Company. We operate to a prescribed ethics guide, which includes a dedicated employee whistle-blowing helpline so that concerns about misconduct and unethical practices can be reported. 
Board Composition 
As at the date of this statement, the Board is made up of 5 directors, namely Edgar Aponte (CEO), Marcus Leek (CFO), Katharine Sharkey (HR Director), Sebastien Houet and Sebastien Thierry. Each individual director has specialist experience in different subject matters, which helps to support the diversity and quality of decision making and strategy. All directors dedicate the necessary amount of time to fulfil their directors' duties. The directors meet at least 2 times per annum and more frequently on an adhoc basis. Formal agendas, papers and reports are circulated to the directors in advance of each Board meeting for the directors to consider. 
The Board delegates certain functions to relevant committees. The Board and the UK CEO receives effective oversight of the Company from the Executive Team, who are responsible for the operational management of the Company's business. The Executive Team is made up of senior managers, certain


directors and the Company Secretary. This helps to ensure effective alignment between board strategy and business operations. Additionally, the Company has an established General Counsel office that is also legally bound to provide independent oversight of the balance of power and effective decision making by the Company. 
The Board is assisted in the discharge of its risk management function by a Risk Committee which is made up of the General Counsel (Chairman), Head of UK Internal Audit (Secretary), CEO, CFO, VP Finance, and the HR. Director. The Risk Committee meet at least twice a year. The Company has a robust risk management process in place where members of the Risk Committee and other nominated relevant management personnel identify, evaluate and manage the principal risks that could impact the Company's performance. The committee ensure that a top down and bottom up risk identification process is followed. Regular meetings are held to ensure that the individual risks and their associated treatment plans are kept up to date. 
The Company's CEO and HR. Team regularly review strengths and weaknesses of the statutory Board and Executive Team with a view to improving performance of the board as a whole. 
Director Responsibilities All directors receive a detailed director duties letter of advice prior to appointment, explaining their responsibilities as a director. The directors receive business updates and have full liaison with the Company Secretary and internal/external advisers on legal, compliance and corporate governance matters. The Board will also rely on a wide range of information sources to assist decision making including financial reporting, key performance indicators, workforce data, environmental data, stakeholder engagement feedback and consumer data. 
Conflicts of interest are governed by the Company's Articles of Association. Furthermore, all directors are encouraged to discuss any potential conflicts of interest with the General Counsel/CEO. In appropriate cases, internal and external legal advice is available. 
Under Group Internal Control, all Rexel companies must adhere to the BoRG (book of Rexel Guidelines). These are the key internal controls that have been set out by the Parent Company. The UK Board has ultimate responsibility for the system of internal controls and for reviewing its effectiveness. Each year, under the guidance of the UK Internal Audit team, the Company completes a self-assessment. The selfassessment is completed via the Group's governance, risk and compliance system, which is used by the UK CFO and UK CEO to sign off. Once submitted, Group Internal Control challenge each of the countries' self-assessment scores, requesting further documentation and explanation where applicable. In 2019 the Company was regarded as having very strong compliance with the BoRG. 
Opportunity and Risk 
The Board has ultimate responsibility for identifying opportunities and managing areas of significant risk. In addition, the Company has a diverse organisational structure with defined levels of responsibility, which promotes innovative and entrepreneurial decision-making within an appropriate risk framework. 
The Company has an established framework of internal financial controls, the effectiveness of which is reviewed by the UK Internal Audit Team, the Board and the Executive Team. The Board has overall responsibility in setting out and developing the Company's strategy, including approving revenue, profit and budgets.

In advance of a Board meeting, directors will receive a detailed board pack, which includes (amongst other things) fo:iam;i11l sl11lt::mtmls fur Lht:: year to date, updated forecasts for the current financial year together with any risks in meeting any year-end targets and any mitigating steps needed. The Company maintains a statutory risk register and an operational risk register. With the help of the Risk Committee, the Company's risks are regularly assessed, and mitigating steps are discussed with the Board and implemented as and when necessary to protect the business. 
Appropriate approval and signature processes are in place to ensure that decisions are made at the right level and by the right personnel within the organisation, in order to maximise opportunities and limit risks. 
Remuneration 
Rexel UK's Parent Company operates a clear remuneration strategy and framework for all UK Board members and senior managers. This includes appropriate oversight of remuneration levels and all benefits. 
The Parent Company is listed on the French stock exchange and as a consequence has requisite reporting, corporate governance and disclosure processes in place. Stakeholder Relationships and Engagement 
Engaging with our stakeholders and continually working towards strengthening these relationships is fundamental to the long-term success of the Company. We are focused on maintaining effective working relationships with all stakeholders, including shareholders, customers, suppliers, regulatory authorities and our employees. We align these stakeholder relationships with the Company's purpose. This is evidenced by documents and practices such as the ethics guide, supplier code of conduct, and the whistle-blowing policy. 
We have developed strong relationships with both customers and suppliers by adopting contractual agreements and having approval processes in place. Our Modem Slavery statement is available on our website, and we annually review internal measures to ensure that we are doing everything we can to prevent slavery and human trafficking in our supply chain. 
Our employees are integral to the success of our business. The Company continues to keep its employees informed on matters concerning them and the business through various channels, including email communications, team meetings and regional events. We encourage staff feedback through surveys and engagement forums. In addition, we carry out a yearly performance and development review with each employee to ensure the development of staff at all levels. 
The Board and Executive Team are regularly updated by senior managers in the business on the wider stakeholder feedback and ensure that these views are duly considered in any decision making by the Board.
