Corporate governance 
The Chairman and Company Secretary review the governance of the Richmond UK Top Holdco Group annually. In the year the Richmond UK Top Holdco Group has adopted the Wates Corporate Governance Principles, which are deemed fit for purpose due to the size and complexity of the Richmond UK Top Holdco Group as a whole.


Directors The directors of the Company, who held office during the year and up to the date of signing, were as follows: 
Chrisanth Gradischnig Ian Kellett Robert Le Blanc Anthony Morgan Simon Perry Steve Richards Martin Robinson John Waterworth 
Appointed 5 March 2019 Resigned 18 February 2019 
Appointed 24 May 2019 Resigned 31 March 2019 
Another Group company effected and maintained insurance for the directors against liabilities as officers in relation to this and other Group companies. 
Richmond UK Top Holdco Group Board of Directors 
The Board comprises the non-executive chairman, two executive directors and three non-executive directors. The Board benefits from the diversity of each director's experience, independence of character and judgement, in providing strategic leadership and oversight. 
Steve Richards - Chief Executive Officer Steve has spent 30 years' in the leisure and hospitality sector and has worked for a number of well-known public and private equity backed companies. 
· 
Prior to joining Parkdean Resorts, Steve was Chief Executive Officer ofKKR owned Casual Dining Group Ltd where he acquired a number of well-known brands and developed the white label concessions division which operates in the UK's major airports, IHG hotels and Center Pares. 
Steve has also served as Chief Executive Officer ofNovus Leisure Ltd which he founded in 2006 and successfully sold in 2012 to private equity investors, as well as Managing Director of the Blackstone backed Spirit Group Ltd which was acquired by Punch pie in 2006 for £2.8 billion. Prior to Spirit he held a similar role for Scottish & Newcastle pie as Managing Director of their pub division. 
Steve spent the first 10 years of his career at Allied Domecq pie where he undertook various senior marketing and operational roles. 
Steve is also a non-executive director of a pan-European budget accommodation business and a UK based premium bar operator. He is also Deputy Chairman of UKH - the hospitality sector's lead trade body which lobbies Government on the strategic issues affecting its 700 member companies who between them employ some 3m people. 
Ian Kellett - Chief Fillallcial Officer Ian Kellett was appointed Chief Financial Officer in June 2018. 
Ian was previously Chief Executive Officer at Pets at Home, which he joined as Chief Financial Officer in 2006 and was instrumental in growing the business from 185 to 450 stores whilst also helping build Vets4Pets as the largest chain of first opinion vet practices in the UK. Ian also played a key role in the sale of Pets at Home to KKR in 2010 and its subsequent IPO in 2014. 
Ian has held a number of senior finance positions including Finance Director at Staples, Deputy Finance Director at ID Wetherspoon and Finance Director at Phones4U. 
Chrisallth Gradisclmig - Noll-Executive Investor Director Chrisanth has been an investment professional at Onex since 2014 and was appointed to the Richmond UK Top Holdco Group Board of directors in 2018. 
Prior to joining Onex, Chrisanth was with the Investment Banking Division of Morgan Stanley in London, Zurich and Frankfurt.


Robert Le Blanc - Non-Executive Investor Director 
Robert is co-head of Onex Partners, a member of its investment committee and a member of Onex Corporation's executive committee. He is responsible for Onex Partners' origination efforts and leadership of its investment professionals. 
Robert is also a director of PowerSchool Group, Ryan Specialty Group, Convex, First Berkshire Hathaway Life and DREAM Charter School. 
Prior to joining Onex in 1999, Robert was with Berkshire Hathaway for seven years after starting his career at General Electric. 
Robert holds an MBA from New York University and a BS from Bucknell University. 
Simon Perry - Non-Executive Director Simon is a chartered accountant and was an EY senior partner for 28 years until 2016. Previous roles include Managing Partner ofEY's UK Transaction Advisory Services division and EY's Global Head of Private Equity. With a background in audit, finance and transactions, Simon has extensive UK and international experience advising businesses on transformation, mergers and acquisitions, changing business models and performance improvement. 
Simon is currently a Governor at the University of Plymouth and a member of the advisory boards of Anmut Limited and Arowana International Limited. 
Martin Robinson - Non-Executive Chairman Martin has spent much of his career in the leisure sector. As well as serving as Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of Center Pares Europe and Chairman of Center Pares UK between 1997 and 2015, he was also a director of Disneyland Paris between 2009 and 2018 and has chaired the boards of Casual Dining Group, Wagamama and Holmes Place Health Clubs. 
Martin also currently chairs Burger King UK and Inspiring Leaming (an outdoor education business) and is a director of MAF Ventures in Dubai. 
Responsibilities 
The Board has responsibility for the Group's overall approach to strategic decision making and effective risk management. The Board is assisted in this by the Audit and Risk Committee. The principal risks and uncertainties are detailed on pages 9 to 11. 
Effectiveness and evaluation 
The Board's effectiveness in the year has been driven through its composition and individual member's attributes, leading to a positive year for the Group. The Board constantly measures its effectiveness through review of the overall Board as well as individual Board member and key employee performance. 
The Board lead through transparent policies including anti-bribery and corruption, business conduct and whistleblowing. Policies are available on the Group's intranet and are embedded in our culture and training. 
Diversity 
The Board supports diversity throughout the business, and understands the value of a diverse Board. We strive for our team to be made up of the best people based on skills, experience, qualifications, values and character. Hence roles are filled based on these attributes frrst and foremost, and appointments are not concentrated on complying with diversity ratios. We continue to seek diversity within the Board recognising the insights and benefits it brings.


Remuneration Committee 
The Board rely on the Remuneration Committee to ensure a transparent and fair remuneration approach is taken across the Group. This includes the setting of key employee remuneration, monitoring the gender pay gap, and implementation of fair policies regarding remuneration structures and practices. 
The Remuneration Committee assists the Board in ensuring that the remuneration policy and practices of the Group reward fairly and responsibly with a clear link to corporate and individual performance, having regard to statutory and regulatory requirements. The Remuneration Committee determines all matters concerning the Group's general remuneration policy and the emoluments and fees of key employees, including salary reviews, bonus levels and targets, any employee incentive plan and issue or transfer of securities under any such scheme. Key employee remuneration is aligned with level of achievement of specific objectives which are based on the Group's purpose, values and strategic objectives, as set at the start of the year. 
Audit and Risk Committee 
The Audit and Risk Committee oversees the integrity of the Group's fmancial statements, the independence and performance of the independent auditor, the Group's internal controls environment regarding fmance, accounting and ethics, the Group's compliance with conduct standards and legal and regulatory matters and the Group's risk strategy, assessment and management. 
Health, Safety and Security Committee 
The Health, Safety and Security Committee oversees the Group's compliance with health and safety law and standards, food safety standards and environmental management across the business, including establishing and monitoring of policies and procedures to ensure that the highest standards are in place and consistently applied. 
Disclosure of information to auditor 
The directors who held office at the date of approval of this Directors' Report conflilll that, so far as they are each aware, there is no relevant audit information of which the Company's auditor is unaware, and each director has taken all the steps that he ought to have taken as a director to make himself aware of any relevant audit information and to establish that the Company's auditor is aware of that information. 
Auditor 
Pursuant to Section 487 of the Companies Act 2006, the auditor will be deemed to be reappointed and KPMG LLP will therefore continue in office. Political contributions 
Neither the Company nor ·any of its subsidiaries made any political donations nor incurred any political expenditure during the year ended 31 December 2019 (2018: £nil). Stakeholder engagement 
The Board have identified and recognise the key stakeholders as customers, our people, suppliers and the communities and environment surrounding our parks. The Group has supported charities and events throughout the year. The Group has a strong commitment to having a sustainable business and acting responsibly in all our relationships and interactions with our key stakeholders. 
Customers The Group is focused on ensuring that each of our parks achieves and maintains a high level of customer experience. During the year ended 31 December 2019 we sold 598,554 (2018: 572,047) holidays. The Group collects data via our online holiday guest feedback application supported by Reevoo. In 2019 the overall score across our parks out of 10 was 8.1 (2018: 8.1). 
Our people Our people are driven by a collective commitment to create amazing memories for our customers. They are the heart of Parkdean Resorts and the key to our future success, which is why we continue to prioritise investment in recruitment, training, development and engagement across the business.

Engagement 
Ensuring our people are highly engaged is a key part of Parkdean Resort's ongoing strategy. Our annual engagement survey had a 78% response rate, with the words 'fun', 'challenging' and 'rewarding' being used the most to describe the experience of working as part of our team. 
As part of our strategy, we recognise how powerful it is when we collectively come together to celebrate when our people have gone above and beyond to deliver exceptional customer service. In 2019 we held 197 Recognition Cafes, hosted at local level, to recognise the very individual input that goes into delivering the Parkdean Resorts experience for our customers. At these Cafes, we presented 229 'Star Performer' awards to those who brought our Company values to life by demonstrating an outstanding contribution to our success. We also presented 1,630 LOUD awards to those who have gone above and beyond in their day-to-day jobs. Our Celebrating YOU! programme recognised 815 individual career milestones. 
People development The breadth of learning and development programmes studied over the past year demonstrates how committed we are to supporting professional development at every stage of a Parkdean Resorts career. 
We have been recognised as a gold-standard Investor In People (IIP) and wherever possible work closely with training organisations, such as. ILM to ensure our people have highly valued, industry-recognised qualifications. 
Parkdean Resorts has attained apprenticeship provider status and currently has over 150 apprentices placed across all our locations. Our apprentices gain a great deal from the programme as it is an opportunity to provide people with knowledge, skills and experience and give them a pathway to progression whilst they earn. We plan to further increase the number of apprenticeships available in the business by actively engaging with the Government's apprenticeship standards. We believe we can do more and in 2020 we will increase our investment in training as we launch our first wave of online training modules. 
Equal opportunities and disabled employees The Group endorses the application of equal opportunities policies to provide fair and equitable conditions for all our people regardless of sex, family status, religion, creed, colour, ethnic origin, age, disability or sexual orientation. The Group gives full consideration to applications for employment from disabled persons where the requirements of the role can be adequately fulfilled by a disabled person. Where an existing member of our team becomes disabled, the Group's policy is to provide continuing employment under normal terms and conditions wherever possible. Wherever possible our people will continue to be employed in the same job or, if this is not practicable, every effort will be made to fmd an alternative job and provide appropriate training. 
Gender information Gender diversity within the Group as at 31 December 2019 is outlined in the table below. Due to the seasonal nature of the business, the total people numbers below are at the lowest point of the year. 
We are committed to gender equality and publish our Gender Pay Gap information on our website on an annual basis. 
Suppliers We ensure that all suppliers are treated fairly, and in tum require that they comply with trading standards and regulations such as the Modem Slavery Act. In addition we have committed to meet agreed payment terms in the year and details are published on the HMRC Payment Practices website every 6 months. We have had frequent interaction with suppliers, including the effects and impact ofBrexit on supply and demand, in the year. We will continue to meet with suppliers and work together effectively going forwards. 
Community We encourage our people at each of our parks and central support offices to get involved in charitable activities for both local and national causes.


Environment 
Many of the Group's parks are in areas of natural beauty and conservation areas. Conservation of the environment is of great importance to the Group and the Group looks to promote its environmental responsibility by: 
• • • 
investing in low energy equipment and lighting to reduce carbon emissions. All of our central facilities have energy efficient LED lighting; 
ensuring all new hire fleet caravans and lodges are double glazed, have extra insulation and low energy lighting to maximise energy efficiency; and 
providing recycling facilities and encouraging our customers to recycle wherever possible. 
All of our parks have the David Bellamy Conservation Award which shows our commitment to protecting and enhancing Britain's natural environment.
