Statement of corporate governance arrangements 
The Company is required to include a statement of corporate governance arrangements in its annual report for years beginning on or after 1 January 2019. The Company has adopted the Wates Corporate Governance Principles for Large Private Companies (published by the Financial Reporting Council in December 2018) for year ended 31 March 2020 .. 
Principle 1 - Purpose and leadership 
The Company's objective is to grow sales and profitability by empowering digital workplaces. The Company improves workplaces using innovative technologies and services enabling individuals to work smarter. More details about goals, cultures and leadership can be found within objectives and strategies section, Strategic report. 
Principle 2 - Board composition 
The Directors are highly experienced business leaders and frequently consider the interests of a broad range of stakeholders (including employees, joint venture partners and bondholders) in their decision-making processes. The detailed information of the directors is disclosed in Director's report below. 
Principle 3 - Director responsibilities 
The directors are strictly following the guidance and legal requirement in term of the responsibilities to make decision for the best of interest of its stakeholders. See details in Section 172 Director Duties above.


Principle 4 - Opportunity and risk 
The company's approach to opportunities and risks are set up within Future trends and developments and Principal risks and uncertainties above. Principle 5 - Remuneration 
The remuneration ensures that levels of compensation across the company are sufficiently competitive to retain talent. Additionally, the remuneration reviews the company's performance with regard to diversity and inclusion criteria (see employee section above). Details of remuneration acti_vities is disclosed below in note 8. 
Principle 6 - Stakeholders 
The company has set up examples of how it engages with some of the key stakeholders including its workforce, shareholder, local communities and customers under section 172 Director Duties above.

