Rothesay Holdco UK Limited December 2019_conv

The Board A strong Board with an effective committee structure facilitates the governance framework of our Group. 
The Board comprises 13 Directors - the Chairman, three shareholder Directors, six independent Non-Executive Directors and three Executive Directors. 
As noted previously, on 28 February 2019, Richard Berliand stepped down from the Board. Simon Morris was appointed as an independent NonExecutive Director on 14 February 2019. There were no other changes to the Board during 2019. 
Naguib Kheraj Chairman 
Shareholders Based on the percentage of nominal capital, the ultimate shareholders of RHUK are: 
The Blackstone Group L.P. 
GIC Private Limited 
Robust corporate governance 
The Group's governance structure means that decisions can be made quickly and efficiently whilst ensuring that there is robust oversight. 
MassMutual Financial Group 
35% 35% 24% 
The shareholder Directors provide an important contribution to the Board and the overall performance of the Group. 
The Shareholder Agreement sets out a number of reserved matters, including: 
Changes to the rights of shareholders. Issuance of new equity or debt. Material changes to the business strategy of the Group. 
Material acquisitions or disposals.


How the Board operates The Board is led by the Chairman, Naguib Kheraj. Naguib was appointed to the Board on 1 October 2014 and became Chairman on 18 December 2017. 
Day-to-day management of the Group is led by Addy Loudiadis, the Chief Executive Officer, and Tom Pearce, the Managing Director. 
The Board is responsible to shareholders, policyholders, the regulators, employees and other stakeholders for the overall performance of the Group. More information on stakeholder engagement can be found on p36. The Board's role is to provide oversight and direction to the senior management team and to ensure that there is an appropriate risk and control framework for the Group. 
The Board has a schedule of matters reserved for its consideration and approval, including: 
• Group strategy and business plans. • Material new investments and new insurance transactions. • Acquisitions and disposals. 
• The constitution of Board Committees. • Capital management policy including dividend policy. 
• Other key Group policies. 
The Board is supported by the Audit Committee, the Board Risk Committee, the Remuneration Committee and the Nomination Committee. Terms of reference for these Committees can be found at www.rothesaylife.com. In the following sections of the governance report, the chairs of these Committees provide a report on activity in the year. 
How the Board spent its time in 2019 The Board met formally six times during 2019, in addition to meeting on a number of other occasions on an ad hoe basis to discuss, amongst other things, material transactions and the issuance of the Tier 2 and Tier 3 bonds. 
The Board agenda is set by the Chairman and generally includes: 
• An update from the CEO on business performance. 
• Reports from sub-committee chairs. • An update on the Group's financial performance. 
• Updates from the risk and compliance functions. 
• Discussion on material new investments and liability transactions. 
• Discussion of key initiatives such as development of the partial internal model, the Part VII transfer and the re-platforming of the Group's risk and capital management system. 
• Board legal and governance update. 
The Board held a strategy off-site event during the year outside of the formal Board meeting schedule. This event focused on: 
• Strategic growth opportunities for the Group over the next few years in light of the new business pipeline for bulk annuities. 
• Development of a Corporate Social Responsibility policy, including the impact of ESG considerations on the Group's investment strategy. • Succession planning.


The Board spent time in formal meetings as well as a separate session discussing updates to the Group's partial internal model and approved the changes to the model for submission. This included incorporation of the modelling of Dutch mortgages. 
The Board considered the progress made by management in response to the 2018 employee engagement survey. Later in the year, the Board reviewed the results of the 2019 employee engagement survey and discussed management's proposed response. 
Board performance and effectiveness The Board recognises that the continuous development of Directors is important to the Board's performance and effectiveness. 
During the year, the following development activities took place: 
• One-to-one briefing sessions for independent Non-Executive Directors on the report and accounts. 
• Training sessions on the Group's approach to managing cyber risk, the Senior Managers & Certification Regime, Solvency II and an update on accounting and regulatory developments. 
An externally facilitated review of Board effectiveness was undertaken during the year. This consisted of face-toface discussions with each member of the Board using a pre-completed questionnaire to structure discussions. The external facilitator attended the May Board meeting as an observer, interviewed a number of other senior executives and presented the results at a subsequent Board meeting. In addition the Chairman meets annually with all directors individually to discuss their feedback on board performance and their individual contribution. 
The review led to small number of recommendations which will be addressed over 2020. As part of the review, feedback was obtained on individual members of the Board so individual members of the Board also had the opportunity to discuss their own performance with the external facilitators. 
Corporate governance highlights • Review and approval of the larger new bulk annuity contracts and of the associated reinsurance. 
• Review and approval of the issuance of T2 and T3 bonds by RLP and of the new equity issued by RHUK. 
• Review and approval of the Group's Corporate Social Responsibility policy. 
• Review and approval of the creation of the Rothesay Life Foundation. 
• Review of the results of the 2019 employee engagement survey and discussion of management's planned response.


The Wates Corporate Governance Principles The Board has decided to apply the Wates Corporate Governance Principles for Large Private Companies ("the Wates Principles"). A review by management suggested that the Group was already broadly compliant with the principles and we have taken action to ensure full compliance. 
Information can be found on our approach to compliance in the strategic report and in this governance report. 
Principle 
Where further information can be found 
1: Purpose and Leadership - An effective board develops and promotes the purpose of a company and ensures that its values, strategy and culture align with that purpose. 
The Group's purpose is to provide pension security for our policyholders and value to our shareholders over the long 
term. The Group's strategic objectives are discussed on page 14. 
More information can be found on the Group's culture on page 15. 
2: Board Composition - Effective board composition requires an effective chair and a balance of skills, backgrounds, 
experience and knowledge, with individual directors having sufficient capacity to make a valuable contribution. The size of a 
board should be guided by the scale and complexity of the company. 
3: Board Responsibilities - The board and individual directors 
should have a clear understanding of their accountability and responsibilities. The board's policies and procedures should support effective decision-making and independent challenge. 
4: Opportunity and Risk - A board should promote the long-term sustainable success of the company by identifying opportunities to create and preserve value and establishing oversight for the identification and mitigation of risks. 
Board effectiveness is described above under "Board performance and effectiveness". 
Board composition is described on page 56. 
The Nomination Committee is responsible for ensuring that the Group's Board and management team have the appropriate mix of expertise and experience. See page 67. 
Board governance is described on page 52. The Audit Committee is responsible for overseeing the 
systems and controls that ensure the reliability of information provided to the Board See page 58. 
The Board has overall responsibility for identifying opportunities to create and preserve value and this is discussed above under "How the Board spent its time in 
2019". 
The Board Risk Committee is responsible for the operation of the Group's risk management framework. The framework is described on page 26 and more can be found on the BRC on page 62. 
Risks and opportunities are also highlighted as part of the description of strategic objectives on page 14. 
5: Remuneration - A board should promote executive remuneration structures aligned to the long-term sustainable success of a company, taking into account pay and conditions 
elsewhere in the company. 6: Stakeholder Relationships and Engagement - Directors 
should foster effective stakeholder relationships aligned to the company's purpose. The board is responsible for overseeing meaningful engagement with stakeholders, including the workforce, and having regard to their views when taking 
decisions. 
The Remuneration Committee is responsible for ensuring that the Group's remuneration policy appropriately rewards and incentivises our people. See page 64. 
The Group's purpose is to provide pension security for our policyholders and value to our shareholders over the long-term. The Group has responsibility to a number of other stakeholders, including our suppliers, our people, our community, the environment and our bondholders. Further 
information on stakeholder engagement can be found on page 36.


NAGUIB KHERAJ INDEPENDENT NON-EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR AND CHAIRMAN 
Naguib Kheraj is a Senior Advisor to the Aga Khan Development Network and serves on the Boards of various entities within the Network. Naguib is also Deputy Chairman of Standard Chartered and a member of the Finance Committee of Oxford University Press. He was formerly a member of the Investment Committee and the 
ANTIGONE (ADDY) LOUDIADIS 
CEO 
Addy Loudiadis is the founder and Chief Executive Officer of Rothesay life. Prior to establishing the business in 2007, Addy was a partner of Goldman Sachs and served as the co-head of the 
Board of Governors of Wellcome Trust. Naguib began his career at Salomon Brothers and went on to hold a number of senior positions at leading financial institutions. He served as Group Finance Director and Vice-Chairman and in various leadership positions at Barclays and was CEO of JP Morgan Cazenave. 
Investment Banking Division in Europe. Before moving to investment banking, Addy was Head of European Fixed Income Sales at Goldman Sachs, having joined in 1994. 
THOMAS (TOM) PEARCE 
MANAGING DIRECTOR 
Tom Pearce is Managing Director and a co-founder of Rothesay life, responsible for strategy and business development. Prior to the establishment of the Company in 2007, Tom was previously 
in the European Financing Group at Goldman Sachs, responsible for UK life insurance. Tom joined Goldman Sachs in 2000 in European Fixed Income. 
ANDREW STOKER CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER 
Andrew Stoker is the Chief Financial Officer of Rothesay life following his appointment in 2014. At Rothesay life, Andrew has responsibility for the finance, actuarial and HR functions. Andrew was previously a partner in EY's risk and actuarial practice and prior to that was Chief Actuary at 
CONSTANT (STAN) BECKERS 
INDEPENDENT NON-EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR 
Stan retired from his role as Chief Executive Officer of NN Investment Partners B.V. in 2017, having previously been Co-Head of BlackRock Solutions at BlackRock Advisers (UK) limited and, prior to that, had spent six years with Barclays Global Investors Ltd, most recently as Chief Investment Officer, 
RAYMOND (RAY) KING 
INDEPENDENT NON-EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR 
Ray King is currently a non-executive director and audit chair of Saga pie and is a Non-Executive Director of Rothesay life, having stepped down as Chairman in December 2017. 
Lucida pie. Andrew has also held roles at PwC, Tillinghast (now Willis Towers Watson) and Legal & General. Andrew is a member of the Association of British Insurer's Long-Term Savings Committee and chairs the ABl's Life CEO and Executives Forum. 
Scientific Active Equity E~rope. Stan started his career at BARRA (now MSCI BARRA) where, over a 20-year period, he established and managed its non-US operations. Stan was previously a nonexecutive director of Robeco N.V. and a non-executive director of Kas Bank NV. 
Ray ended his executive career as Group CEO of Bupa, having previously been Finance Director. Earlier in his career he held senior management roles at Diageo/Guinness pie, Southern Water pie and ICI pie.


THERESE (TERRY) MILLER 
INDEPENDENT NON-EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR 
Terry Miller is a non-executive director and the Senior Independent Director of Galliford Try Pie, a non-executive director of Goldman Sachs International Bank and Goldman Sachs International, and has been a director and trustee of the lnvictus Games Foundation. She was previously General Counsel 
SIMON MORRIS INDEPENDENT NON-EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR 
Simon Morris is the CEO of Boltons Place Capital Management, a private investment fund, and a non-executive director of Goldman Sachs Bank USA. He was previously a partner at Goldman Sachs, where he was Head of International Credit Trading and European Mortgage Trading. 
CHARLES PICKUP INDEPENDENT NON-EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR 
Charles Pickup was previously a partner in the Risk Consulting and Software division of Towers Watson (formerly Tillinghast) and acted as Actuarial Function Holder (AFH) for Lucida pie, Countrywide and BlackRock. 
of the London Organising Committee of the Olympic and Paralympic Games (LOCOG) and a non-executive director of the British Olympic Association. Prior to her LOCOG appointment, she was a partner of Goldman Sachs, most recently as International General Counsel. 
Simon served on the Securities Division Executive Committee, Firmwide Risk Committee and was co-head of Goldman Sachs International Risk Committee. Simon retired from Goldman Sachs in 2017 after 17 years. Prior. to Goldman Sachs, Simon was at JPMorgan in Credit Trading. 
Prior to this, Charles worked at Commercial Union and Prudential Bache Securities specialising in UK life insurance. 
WILLIAM (BILL) ROBERTSON 
INDEPENDENT NON-EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR 
Bill Robertson was previously the Global Life Chief Risk Officer and Global Life Chief Actuary for Zurich Financial Services and also held various senior positions at Aegon. Prior to this, Bill was a partner at Hymans Robertson and Head of Actuarial at Scottish Amicable


QASIM ABBAS NON-EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR 
Qasim Abbas is a Senior Managing Director with Blackstone's Tactical Opportunities Group. Since joining Blackstone, Qasim has primarily focused on financial institutions across Europe. 
Prior to joining Blackstone in 2012, Qasim was a portfolio manager with Trafalgar Asset Managers where he was responsible for real estate and mortgage debt instruments. 
M. TIMOTHY (TIM) CORBETT 
NON-EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR 
Tim Corbett is Chief Investment Officer of Massachusetts Mutual Life Insurance Company. Tim is responsible for MassMutual's overall investment strategy and has oversight of the company's General Investment Account. 
Prior to joining MassMutual in May 2011, Tim had been Chief Investment Officer and head of Pension Fund Management with the State of Connecticut Treasurer's Officer since 2009. 
ROBIN JARRATT NON-EXECUTIV~ DIRECTOR 
I I 
Robin Jarratt is Head of the Global Private Credit group at GIC. Robin has responsibility for all private credit investment by the firm in the US, Europe and Asia. Robin is a member of GIC Private Equity's Management and Investment Committees. 

