Corporate governance 
For the year ended 31 December 2019, under The Companies (Miscellaneous Reporting) Regulations 2018, the Company has applied the Wat~s Corporate .Governance Principles for Large Private Companies (published by the Financial Reporting Council in December 2018 and available at www.frc.org.uk). Details of how the Company has complied with the principles and supporting guidance are set out below. 
Principle 1 - purpose and leadership Purpose 
The Company's purpose is to protect customers against risk and to serve its shareholder. ·values and culture 
The Company's values are embedded throughout the business. They seek to guide employees on what is expected of them whilst they build their career at RSA. The Company aims to be a place where fulfilling careers can be built. We can ·achieve this through success in our business goals and living ouraPeople Principles: building a culture of high performance, working together effectively, and sustaining the diverse capabilities we require to succeed. The Company's values underpin how the Company seeks to deliver for its customers and its other stakeholders. RSA is a people-centred business which a_ims for a culture of high performance, where working together as a team is valued and the business. invests in its people. There are various mechanisms in place to monitor and assess culture, including a cultural mini survey and cultural health update. 
The Company seeks to fulfil its purpose, ambition and strategy by consistently building on its core business values: i) strong customer service; ii) great technical know-how; iii) focus and determination; iv) a culture of openness and. transparency; and v) the power of teamwork. 
Principle 2 - Board composition 
The directors of the Company are nam!;!d on page 1, and their biographies can be found on the Group's website www.rsagroup.com. Through much of 2019, the Board was composed of Group and UK executives. Since 31 December 2019, the Board has been composed of the Group Chairman, three' executive directors and five independent non-executive directors. The non-executive directors· provide independent challenge to the executives . .There is a clear division of responsibility between the Chairman, Martin Scicluna and the Group Chief Executive, Stephen Hester. 
The Group Nomination and Governance Committee is responsible for reviewing the structure, size and composition of the Board .and committees. As the Company's board is composed of the same directors as the RSAIG board, the Group Nomination·and Governance Committee identifies and proposes candidates·to the Board. It ensures appropriate succession plans are in place for the Board and reviews executive succession planning. Further information can be found in the Annual Report and Accounts of the Group. 
The Board recognises the importance of diversity, including gender, social and ethnic backgrounds, ·and of cognitive and personal strengths. The Board values the breadth of perspective that sucti diversity can bring and the beneficial effect it can have on the Board's effectiveness. As at the date of this report, the Board is composed of 33% women. The Company will continue to seek out opportunities to further improve.diversity and inclusion on the Board and across the Company while always seeking to appoint the most appropriate candidates based on merit. 
The Board. considers that five members of the Board are independent. The independent directors, led by the chairman, seek to challenge the executive on their execution of the Company's operating plan and strategy. The independent directors ensure there is objective judgement in all Board decisions. The chairman encourages a culture of openness·and debate. 
· Effectiveness 
During the year, the Board did not undertake an effectiveness review as the composition of the Board was changing in December 2019. For future years, the Board will rely on the effectiveness review of the RSAIG Board which will be evaluated externally every three years 
Principle 3 - director responsibilities Accountability 
The Board is committed to effective governance, sound risk ma~agement and a robust control environment. We· consider the ·foundation of an effective risk management framework to be the cultivation of a risk culture that promotes accountability and openness (a willingness to admit mistakes and learn from the past). At RSA, the senior management team has been instrumental in setting the right 'tone from the top', which is further underpinned by the Group's quarterly cultural health check and annual staff survey. A key part of our culture is ensuring that our customers are at the heart of all we do, and our staff are passionate about achieving good customer outcomes. We give considerable attention to ensuring our cus_tomers are treated fairly. 
Committees 
In order that it can operate efficiently and give the right level of attention and consideration to relevant matters, the Board delegates authority to the Group Audit Committee. It also relies on the RSAIG board's committees for relevant matters. The Board shares these committees with the Group Board. Further information on the work of the committees can be found in the Annual Report and Accounts of the Group.


The Board receives regular and timely information on all aspects of the Company's business. This includes financial .performance, strategy, performance against the operational plan, internal audit, risk and compliance, and governance. Internal processes and systems are robust which ensures that management information is accurate and timely. The Company's financial statements are audited by KPMG LLP on an annual basis. 
Principle 4 - opportunity and risk Opportunity 
The long-term opportunities for the Company are outlined in the 2019 Annual Report and Accounts of the Group. Risk· 
The Company's principal risks and uncertainties are integrated within arid managed together with the principal risks of the Group. The principal risks and uncertainties of the Group, which include those of the Company, are set out in the Risk Management note on pages 31 to 37 of the Company's a_ccounts and the Strategic report of the 2019 Annual Report and Accounts of the Group. 
Responsibilities 
Group Internal Audit's (GIA) pdmary purpose is to· 'keep RSA safe and improving'. Specifically, GIA helps .the Board and executive management to · protect the assets, reputation and sustainability of the Group and the Company. GIA does this by assessing whether all significant risks ·are· identified and appropriately reported by management and the second line of defence to the Board ·and executive management; assessing whether they are adequately controlled and by challenging executive management to improve the effectiveness bf governance, risks management and internal controls. 
· 
GIA is an independent and objective function reporting to the Board. The Group Chief Auditor is a member of the Group Executive Committee and has a primary reporting line to the Chairman of the Group Audit Committee, with a secondary reporting line to the Group Chief Executive. Regional Chief Auditors report directly to the Group Chief Auditor, while recognising local legislation or regulation. 
GIA's scope of activities is unrestricted, and its audit universe extends to all iegal entities, joint ventures and other business partnerships, outsourcing and reinsurance arrangements. It includes first line of defence control validation and second line of defence assurance activities, and the system of governance as set out under Solvency II. 
. Principle 5- remuneration Setting remuneration 
The Group's Remuneration Committee reviews and challenges the Company's remuneration policy and ensures this promotes the long-term sustainable success of the Company. This includes challenging and setting the remuneration of executive directors and the Chairman of the Board. The Committee also reviews workforce remuneration_ and related policie·s. It also ensures alignment between incentives and culture, ·and takes these into account when setting the policy for executive director remuneration. Further information on the work of the Group Remuneration Committee can be found in the Annual Report· & Accounts of the Group.· 
The Remuneration Committee's remit is defined in its terms of reference which may be found on the Group's website www.rsagroup.com. 
· Principle 6 - stakeholder relationships and engagement Information on the Company's stakeholder relationships and engagement can be·found in the section 172 statement on pages 5 to 6 of the 
. Company's Strategic report.
