CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT for the year ended 31 March 2020 
Background For the year ended 31 March 2020, under the Companies (Miscellaneous Reporting) Regulations 2018, the Company has applied the Wates Corporate Governance Principles for Large Private Companies (published by the Financial Reporting Council ('FRC') in December 2018 and available on the FRC website). 
Set out below is how the principles have been applied by the Directors over the last year and will continue to be applied in the next financial year throughout our work. 
Overview The governance and leadership structure of the RSM UK Holdings Limited Group comprises the following key boards: 
• The RSM UK Holdings Board consists of our Executive Chair, CEO, CFO, representatives of our Partner group, an independent Non-Executive Director, a Non-Executive Director, RSM International representation, risk and regulation and our Head of People (acting as our employee representative). This Board considers, reviews and gives guidance to the National Leadership Team on matters which are of concern to all stakeholders; 
• The National Leadership Team which is responsible for the execution of the policies, strategy and management of the Group, and day to day operational matters; 
• The Operations and Markets Group responsible for overseeing the Group's 'client-facing and markets activities; 
• 1he LLP Council responsible for Partnership matters and setting the remuneration of the CEO; and 
• The Audit Committee (a sub-committee of the Board), chaired by a Director of RSM UK Holdings Limited which monitors and reviews the integrity of the Group's financial statements. 
The Group's website (www.RSMUK.com) contains further supporting information on the Wates Principles. 
Principle 1 - Purpose and leadership Our vision is to become the first-choice adviser to middle market leaders globally. The focus of the Board and National Leadership Team has been implementing this vision which defines our purpose, goals and behaviours. 
This vision has been discussed with our Partners and employees through annual Partner conferences, roadshows, digital training and workshops. All Partners and employees are encouraged to contribute ideas as to how the Group can practically deliver the goals and behaviours required to achieve this vision. 
More broadly, at RSM we endeavour to manage our business in a way that makes a positive impact on society and the environment, while reflecting our values of respect, integrity, teamwork, excellence and stewardship. We adopt this approach to corporate responsibility in our interactions with our people, our clients, our suppliers and the communities in which we operate. 
The RSM approach We think about corporate responsibility in the widest possible context so that we can achieve the right balance between support and impetus at a firm-wide level, with flexibility and choice at a local and individual level. We focus our support for activities in three key areas being: environment, charity and community, and our people.


Environment We consider environmental factors when managing our business, formalised through an environmental policy covering efficient use of resources, recycling and education. This policy encompasses activities including an energy management programme, recycling schemes and a group-wide education programme. 
We also work alongside governmental, international, national and local groups to support numerous projects and charities. One of our most significant relationships is with Trees for Cities, an independent environmental charity that inspires people to plant and love trees in cities worldwide. 
Charity and community It is important to us that we make a positive contribution to the communities in which we operate. At a firmwide level we achieve this through: membership of Business in the Community which gives us access to expertise and resources to evaluate and improve our approach; our funds-matching policy in which we encourage people to raise money for charity by matching the amount in a donation from the Group; and a payroll giving scheme, enabling employees to donate to charities in a tax efficient way. 
The charities we support, nationally, include: • The Duke of Edinburgh's Award • Anthony Nolan • Trees for Cities • Leadership through Sport & Business 
Our people Our relationship with employees is central to RSM's corporate responsibility approach. Indeed, attracting and retaining the right people to deliver excellence to our clients is key to our success. We offer a wide range of training and development opportunities to all employees, tailored to the individual. 
We also recognise that from,time to time our employees may need additional support from us. Our Employee Support Helpline gives employees and their families access to confidential counselling. We also work with Occupational Health specialists to ensure RSM provides appropriate support to Partners and employees affected by ill health. 
Principle 2 - Board composition The Board comprises a separate Chair and Chief Executive Officer to help ensure an appropriate degree of challenge, balanced division of responsibilities, accountability and decision making are effectively and robustly maintained across the Group. Alongside this, our National Leadership Team includes a Chief Operating Officer and Chief Financial Officer as well as senior representatives from our most significant operational business units. In July 2020 we appointed our first Non-Executive Director to the Board, Rob Hamlin and in September 2020 we appointed the Group's first independent Non-Executive Director, Vijay Thakrar. The size and composition of our Board is considered to be appropriate to the size and complexity of our business. 
We acknowledge that there is work still to do in relation to diversity in our senior leadership and the Board is committed to developing a more diverse workforce, including at the most senior levels. Whilst our current Board was appointed in April 2020, it is committed to a programme of formal training and development of its members to ensure its effectiveness and adherence to best practice processes and good governance. The Board will regularly invite our Head of Diversity and Inclusion to meetings of the Board and senior leadership meetings. 
A biography for each Board Director can be found on the Group's website: https://www.rsmuk.com/who-we-are/meet-our-leadership-team


Principle 3 - Director responsibilities The Board has a programme of meetings each year with 14 held in the year ended 31 March 2020. As part of every Group Board meeting, governan1.;e of the Group is considered as a standing agenda item. The Board's key areas of focus for the year ended 31 March 2020 are in the Section 172 Companies Act 2006 report on pages 4 to 6. 
The Board receives regular and timely information on all key aspects of the business including financial performance, risks and opportunities, strategy, operational matters, market conditions and sustainability. Many of these are supported by well-established Key Performance Indicators. As part of the annual strategy process in 2020, the Board identified a schedule of strategic matters that were to be reviewed by management throughout the year and this work has continued subsequent to the year-end. The output of this work has been a key area of focus for the Board. Some specific actions have commenced subsequent to the year-end including the creation of a new Operations and Markets leadership team as well as a review of the Group's organisational structure and investment decisions. 
To support good governance the Group's Audit Committee regularly reviews the performance and relationship with the external auditor and will periodically retender the Group's statutory audit provision. 
Principle 4 - Opportunity and risk The Board seeks out opportunity whilst mitigating risk. Several of the Group's key operation risks and mitigations are outlined on page 3 in the Strategic Report where they are denoted as 'Principal Risks' (as defined by their value and risk profile}. The National Leadership Team also considers further risks as part of the day to day management of the business. 
· 
The core focus for the year ended 31 March 2020 continued to be the delivery of high-quality work on behalf of clients, continuing compliance with business relevant laws and regulations, and consideration of litigation matters against the Group alongside other risk identification, classification and mitigation. 
During the year ended 31 March 2020 the firm had in place a number of risk related committees. These included a business desk composed of Board and National Leadership Team members looking at commercial risk, a finance and risk group considering financial and operational risks and an ethics and public interest committee focused on reputational risk. 
· 
The formal introduction and application of the Wates Principles has highlighted the need for a review and the consideration of a broader Risk Committee to focus on opportunities as well as risks. A risk review is in progress and the Board looks forward to reporting on progress next year. 
Principle 5 - Remuneration The Remuneration Committee's primary objective, in conjunction with the National Leadership Team, is to set Partner remuneration at a level that will enhance the Group's resources. The Group aims to attracf and retain quality senior leadership who can deliver our strategic ambitions in a manner consistent with our corporate purpose and the interests of our shareholders. 
In 2019 the Group issued its Gender Pay Reporting which highlighted some specific areas of focus for 2020 and beyond. The Group gives every candidate an equal chance to show their potential. Training is provided for all hiring managers on inclusion and unconscious bias, and female assessors are included on every senior promotion panel. All job adverts are worded in a gender-neutral way and we recruit talented trainees based purely on their strengths. 
Principle 6 - Stakeholders The Board is clear that good governance and effective communication are essential on a day to day basis in order to deliver our purpose and to protect the Group's brand and reputation. They're also vital for positive relationships with our stakeholder community including shareholders, clients, Partners, employees, suppliers, regulators and the communities in which we work. See pages 4 to 6 for the Section 172 report as to how this is achieved.


Group Board 
Details of individual Directors' attendance of Board meetings for the year ended 31 March 2020 are shown on the following table: Na,:ne of Director 
Group Board 
Laurence Lonqe David Gwilliam 
Penrose Foss Elfed Jarvis 
Simon Hardinq-Rolls Martin Rodqers Nigel Tristem 
Jill Jones Jez Filley 
meetings attended* 14/14 
8/9 
14/14 7/8 
14/14 7/8 6/6 
13/13 13/13 
*During time appointed as a Director of RSM UK Holdings Limited Audit Committee 
The Committee's primary concerns are. the integrity of the Group's financial statements; the effectiveness of internal controls; the performance of and independence of the external auditors; and the Group's compliance with legal and regulatory requirements. The table above shows those members of the Audit Committee responsible for the year ended 31 March 2019. Following changes in Directors, a new Audit Committee was formed for the year ended 31 March 2020. 
The Committee has clearly defined terms of reference, which are reviewed annually and are available from the Company Secretary. These outline the Committee's objectives and responsibilities relating to financial reporting, internal controls, risk management and application of the appropriate accounting standards and procedures. Specific responsibilities include reviewing and recommending approval of the annual financial statements; reviewing the Group's accounting policies; reviewing the effectiveness of internal controls and relevant risk management procedures, and reviewing the scope and results of the external audit. 
Howard Freedman (Director), a chartered accountant and experienced current audit Partner, was appointed Chair of the Audit Committee on 10 May 2020. In addition to the Chair, the committee comprises two non-Directors with no internal management responsibilities. Rachel Fleming, an audit Partner with experience of IFRS and complex groups and Ross Stupart, a tax Partner with large corporate and tax due diligence expertise. They were also appointed on 10 May 2020. On 1 October 2020 the new independent Non-Executive Director, Vijay Thakrar, a chartered accountant, joined the committee. The Board is satisfied that the recent and relevant experience of both the Committee Chair and its members follows the principles of good governance in relation to their collective skills, knowledge and experience. 
External auditor 
The Group appointed Moore Kingston Smith LLP as external auditor on 20 May 2008. They were then reappointed as auditors on 22 February 2017 following a tender process. The Committee will assess the effectiveness of their performance in relation to the year ended 31 March 2020 audit in December 2020. Both management and the external auditors are committed to a positive working relationship that enhances the effective and efficient execution of the audit process. The Audit Committee identifies re-tendering the external audit service at least every five years as good practice. 
Approved by the Board and signed on its behalf by 1 /1 1 /1 2/2 
Audit Committee meetings attended

