CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT for the year ended 31 March 2020 
Background For the year ended 31 March 2020, under the Companies (Miscellaneous Reporting) Regulations 2018, the Company has applied the Wates Corporate Governance Principles for Large Private Companies (published by the Financial Reporting Council ('FRC') in December 2018 and available on the FRC website). 
Set out below are how the principles have been applied by the Directors over the last year and will continue to be applied in the next financial year throughout our work. 
Overview The governance and leadership structure of the Group comprises the following key Boards: 
• The RSM UK Holdings Board consists of our Executive Chair, CEO, CFO, representatives of our Partner group, a Non-Executive Director, RSM International representation, Risk and regulation and our Head of People (acting as our employee representative). This Board considers, reviews and gives guidance to the National Leadership Team on matters which are of concern to all stakeholders; 
• The National Leadership Team which is responsible for the execution of the policies, strategy and management of the Group and day to day operational matters; 
• The Operations & Markets Group responsible for overseeing the Group's client-facing and markets activities; 
• The LLP Council responsible for Partnership matters and setting the remuneration of the CEO; and 
• The Audit Committee (a sub-committee of the Board), chaired by a director of RSM UK Holdings Limited which monitors and reviews the integrity of the Group's financial statements. 
The Group's website (www.RSMUK.com) contains further supporting information on the Wates Principles. 
Principle 1 - Purpose and leadership 
Our vision is to become the first-choice advisor to middle market leaders globally. The focus of the Board and National Leadership Team has been the implementation of this vision which defines our purpose, goals and behaviours. 
This vision has been communicated to our Partners and employees through annual Partner conferences, roadshows, digital training and workshops. All Partners and employees are encouraged to contribute ideas as to how the Group can practically deliver the goals and behaviours required to achieve this vision. 
More broadly, at RSM we endeavour to manage our business in a way that makes a positive impact on society and the environment, while reflecting our values of respect, integrity, teamwork, excellence and stewardship. We adopt this approach to corporate responsibility in our interactions with our people, our clients, our suppliers and the communities in which we operate. 
The RSM approach We think about corporate responsibility in the widest possible context so that we can achieve the right balance between support and impetus at a firm-wide level with flexibility and choice at a local and individual level. We focus our support for activities in three key areas being: environment, charity and community, and our people.


Environment We consider environmental factors when managing our business, formalised through an environmental policy covering efficient use of resources, recycling and education. This policy encompasses activities including an energy management programme, recycling schemes and a group-wide education programme. 
We also work alongside governmental, international, national and local groups to support numerous projects and charities. One of our most significant relationships is with Trees for Cities, an independent environmental charity that inspires people to plant and love trees in cities worldwide. 
Charity and community It is important to us that we make a positive contribution to the communities in which we operate. At a firmwide level we achieve this through: membership of Business in the Community which gives us access to expertise and resources to evaluate and improve our approach; our funds-matching policy in which we encourage people to raise money for charity by matching the amount in a donation from the group; and a payroll giving scheme, enabling employees to donate to charities in a tax efficient way. 
The charities we support, nationally, include: • The Duke of Edinburgh's Award • Anthony Nolan • • 
Trees for Cities Leadership through Sport & Business 
Our people Our relationship with employees is central to RSM's corporate responsibility approach. Indeed, attracting and retaining the right people to deliver excellence to our clients is key to our success. We offer a wide range of training and development opportunities to all employees, tailored to the individual. 
We also recognise that from time to time our employees may need additional support from us. Our Employee Support Helpline gives employees and their families access to confidential counselling. We also work with Occupational Health specialists to ensure RSM provides appropriate support to Partners and employees affected by ill health. 
Principle 2 - Board Composition 
The Board comprises a separate Chair and Chief Executive Officer to help ensure an appropriate degree of challenge, balanced division of responsibilities, accountability and decision making across the Group are effectively and robustly maintained. Alongside this our National Leadership Team includes a Chief Operating Officer, Chief Financial Officer as well as key senior representatives from our most significant operational business units. In July 2020 we appointed our first Non-Executive Director to the Board, Rob Hamlin and processes are underway to select the Group's first independent Non-Executive Director. The size and composition of our Board is considered to be appropriate to the size and complexity of the Group. 
We acknowledge that there is work still to do in relation to diversity in our senior leadership and the Bcfard i!fcommitted to·developirig ~fmore diverse workforce, ·incl1iding at thEf most seriio(levels. Whilst----- - ----· · our current Board was appointed in April 2020, it is committed to a programme of formal training and development of its members to ensure its effectiveness and adherence to best practice processes and good governance. The Board will regularly invite our Head of Diversity and Inclusion to meetings of the Board and senior leadership meetings. 
A biography for each Board Director can be found on the Group's website: https://www.rsmuk.com/who-we-are/meet-our-leadership-team



Principle 3 - Director Responsibilities 
The Board receives regular and timely information on all key aspects of the business including the financial performance, risks and opportunities, strategy, operational matters, market conditions and sustainability, many of which are supported by well-established Key Performance Indicators. As part of the annual strategy process in 2020, the Board identified a schedule of strategic matters that were to be reviewed by management throughout the year and this work has continued subsequent to the year-end. The output of this work has been a key area of focus for the Board. Some specific actions have commenced subsequent to the year-end including the creation of a new Operations and Markets leadership team as well as a review of the Group's organisational structure and investment decisions. Further information can be found in the Corporate Governance Report of RSM UK Holdings Limited. 
To support good governance the Group's Audit Committee regularly reviews the performance and relationship with the external auditor and will periodically retender the Group's statutory audit provision. 
Principle 4 - Opportunity and Risk 
The Board seeks out opportunity whilst mitigating risk. Several of the Group's key operation risks and mitigations are outlined on page 1 in the Strategic Report where they are denoted as 'Principal Risks' (as defined by their value and risk profile). The National Leadership Team also considers further risks as part of the day to day management of the business. 
A Risk Committee, consisting of Board and National Leadership Team members and business unit and functional leads is in place. This committee ensures that inherent and emerging risks are identified and managed appropriately and in a timely manner. The focus for the year ended 31 March 2020 continued to be upon the delivery of high-quality work on behalf of clients, continuing compliance with business relevant laws and regulations, consideration of litigation matters against the Group alongside other risk identification, classification and mitigation. 
Principle 5 - Remuneration 
The directors of RSM UK Tax and Accounting are remunerated for their services to the group as a whole and details can be found in the Corporate Governance Report of RSM UK Holdings Limited. 
The Remuneration Committee's primary objective, in conjunction with the National Leadership Team, is to set Partner remuneration at a level that will enhance the Group's resources by attracting and retaining quality senior leadership who can deliver our strategic ambitions in a manner consistent with both our corporate purpose and the interests of our shareholders.


Principle 6 - Stakeholders 
The Board is clear that good governance and effective communication are essential on a day to day basis in order to deliver our purpose and to protect the Group's brand, reputation and relationships with our stakeholder community including shareholders, clients, Partners, employees, suppliers, regulators and the communities in which we work. 
Audit Committee 
The Committee's primary concerns are the integrity of the Group's financial statements; the effectiveness of internal controls; the performance of and independence of the external auditors; and the Group'.s compliance with legal and regulatory requirements. 
The Committee has clearly defined terms of reference, which are reviewed annually and are available from the Company Secretary. These outline the Committee's objectives and responsibilities relating to financial reporting, internal controls, risk management and the application of the appropriate accounting standards and procedures. Specific responsibilities include reviewing and recommending approval of the annual financial statements; reviewing the Group's accounting policies; reviewing the effectiveness of internal controls and relevant risk management procedures and reviewing the scope and results of the external audit. 
External Auditor 
The Group appointed Moore Kingston Smith LLP as external auditor on 20 May 2008. They were then reappointed as auditors on 22 February 2017 following a tender process. The Committee will assess the effectiveness of their performance in relation to the year ended 31 March 2020 audit in August 2020. Both management and the external auditors are committed to a positive working relationship that enhances the effective and efficient execution of the audit process. The Audit Committee identifies re-tendering the external audit service at least every five years as good practice.
