CORPORATE GOVERNANCE STATEMENT FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2019 
Introduction For the year ended 31 December 2019, under The Companies (M!scellaneous Reporting) Regulations 2018, the Company has applied the Wates Corporate Governance Principles for Large Private Companies (published by the Financial Reporting Council ('FRC') i~ December 2018). 
This report sets out below how the Principles have been applied over the past year across RWE Generation UK pie and its active subsidiary undertakings. 

Principle 1 - Purpose and leadership Both the Board and the wider RWE Group take our role as a major partner for the energy transition and for security of supply very seriously, particularly when it comes to acting responsibly. Integrating this fundamental concept of corporate responsibility in all of our business processes is one of our key objectives. To do this, we participate in international initiatives and have set ourselves strict principles for our actions with internal guidelines. 
The Board have adopted the RWE Group values which are TRUST, PERFORMANCE and PASSION. These describe the core of our identity, also differentiating us from our peers and competitors. They provide stability and reliable guidelines for our behaviour and decisions, but also build the basis of all our personnel systems and evaluation tools. 

Principle 2 - Board Composition The Board is represented by Directors from three core business areas in the UK, Head of UK Hard Coal & Gas, Head of UK Finance, and Head of Commercial Asset Optimisation. All Directors have an equal standing. Whilst there is not a separate Chairman and Chief Executive, each of the Board members holds a clear balance of responsibilities, accountabilities and decision making in respect of the business areas they 
represent. Steve Glover (Head. of UK Coal & Gas) holds the role of the primary operational interface with our intermediate shareholder RWE Generation SE. 
The Directors have equal voting rights when making decisions. All Directors have access to the advice and services of the Company Secretary and. may, if they wish, take professional advice at the Company's expense. The duties of the Board are executed partially through committees. 
The Executive Committee (a committee of the. Board) ensures that the values, strategy and'culture align, are implemented and are communicated consistently to the workforce through regular team brief cascades, senior management conferences and site visits. Directors update their skills, knowledge and familiarity with the RWE Group qy meeting with senior management, visiting operational sites and by attending appropriate external seminars and training courses. 
The Board instructed the Company Secretary to carry out a full Governance and Steering Review in 2017. Following this review there has been a significant change in the Board and Executive Committee agendas and areas of focus, review and challenge. The next Governance and Steering Review is set to be carried out in 2020. 

Principle 3 - Director Responsibilities 
Accountability and good governance supports open and fair business, ensures that the Company has the right safeguards in place and makes certain that every decision it takes is underpinned by the right considerations. Whilst Board oversight is always maintained, key decisions are made by the individuals and committees with the most appropriate knowledge and industry experience. Each Board member has a clear understanding of their accountability and resp~msibilities.
The Board has a programme of nine principal meetings every year, plus two additional days for strategic planning with the Executive Committee. The Board's key areas of focus in 2019 are included on in the Strategic Report on pages 1 to 6. The Directors, Committee members and other members of the wider leadership team complete an annual RWE Code of Conduct declaration confirming that they have behaved in accordance with the Group's behaviours and values. In addition, measures are in place for all Directors and Committee members to declare any potential conflicts of interest. These declarations are collated by the Company Secretary and shared with the external auditors and, where applicable, the RWE AG Chief Compliance Officer. Where there are potential conflicts, appropriate safeguards are implemented. 
Committees Together with matters reserved for the Board, the Board also delegates authority for certain matters to the following Committees:
Executive Committee 
The Executive Committee is responsible for the day-to-day management of the Company's business affairs. The Committee's duties and key focus areas include Business Change, Financial Performance and Risk Management; Investments and Divestments, People Priorities and Employee Engagement, Compliance, and also Health, Safety and Wellbeing. 
The Executive Committee includes all Board members as well as individuals responsible for the strategic business units and key functions. Together with the Board, the following individuals are members of the Executive Committee: Stephen Duffy, UK HR Director; Stephen Boughton, Head of Business Development UK and Michael Magee, Director RWE Technology UK Limited. 
Health Safety and Wellbeing Review Committee In 2019 the Board established The Health, Safety & Wellbeing Review Committee (HSWRC). The HSWRC's purpose is to define and develop the Strategy to deliver the desired Health and Safety culture of the business, by driving forward new programmes that are expected to result in a continuous reduction of H&S incidents and accidents across the UK, and to regularly review the effectiveness of the strategy and actions. 
The HSWRC consists of individuals responsible for the delivery , implementation and employee and senior management engagement associated with health and safety in the UK. 
Together with the Board, the 
following individuals are members of the HSWRC: Steve Glover, Direc.tor of Hard Coal and Gas; Stephen Duffy, UK HR Director; Steve Boughton, Head of Business Development UK; Becky Wall, Station Manager, Didcot B; Alison Chappell, Didcot A Incident Manager; John Reilly, Head of Safety UK; Michael Magee, Director RWE :rechnology UK Limited and Mark Thomas, Business Planning and Performance Reporting Manager RWE Supply & Trading GmbH. 
Principle 4 - Opportunity and Risk The Board seeks out .opportunity whilst mitigating risk. The Board seeks out opportunities drawn from the business and which align to the overall RWE Group -strategy. Short term opportunities to improve performance, resilience and liquidity are collated through the internal business review process. 
The Board ensure that inherent and emerging risks are identified and managed appropriately and in a timely manner. A list of emerging risks and opportunities are maintained, reported and reviewed on a frequent b·asis by the Board, Financial Controlling and Legal. Specific points raised by the Board are discussed in the Executive Committee.


Principle 5 - Remuneration The Company continues to apply a framework against which it seeks to recruit and retain quality senior management who can deliver the RWE Group's strategic ambitions in a manner consistent with both its purpose and the interests of its shareholders. 
The HR Director makes recommendations to the Board concerning the RWE Group's remuneration strategy, recruitment framework and long-term incentive plans for senior executives. The Company takes advice from both internal specialists together with independent external consultants who provide updates on legislative requirements, best market practice and remuneration benchmarking, drawing on evidence from across the sectors in which the Company operates and from other sectors. 
Pay is aligned with performance and takes in to account fair pay and conditions across the Company's workforce. The Company's remuneration policy for executives is consistent with companies of a similar size and complexity, as well as other compan'ies operating within the energy sector. 
In 2019, the Company reported its Gender Pay Reporting for the first time which highlighted some specific areas of focus for 2019 and beyond. 

Principle 6 - Stakeholders The Board understands how good governance and effective communication are essential to the Company's relationship with its stakeholders. Good governance and effective communication help to protect the RWE brand, reputation and relationships with all our stakeholder community including shareholders, customers, employees, suppliers and the local communities in which we work. The Board continues to seek to align the Company's strategic direction with RWE Group's aspirations for sustainability, growth, diversification and investment in the UK. 
External impacts The Board is committed to social responsibility, community engagement and environmental sustainability. It achieves this in part through its commitment to ensuring the safety, health ·and wellbeing of everyone who the Company engages with; creating positive environmental and social impact; being an employer of choice where everyone is valued and respected; and seeking new ways to ensure the sustainability in our buildings and operational sites. 
The RWE Group stands for transparency and is committed to sustainability. We have clear principles, which form the basis for our corporate and social activities.
