Wates Corporate Governance Principles 
Sainsbury's Bank pie applies the Wates Corporate Governance Principles for Large Private Companies (available on the Financial ~eporting Council website). T~e Bank was established in 1~97, providing a range of reta!I banking and related financial services, operating solely in the UK. It develops its customer offer through sales of its core products: Persona I Loans, Savings Accounts, Credit Cards, Insurance products and the provision of Travel Money and ATM services. 
The Bank was originally established as a joint venture with Bank of Scotland Pie but, since 2014, has been a wholly owned subsidiary of J Sainsbury Pie. Following the acquisition by J Sainsbury Pie of Home Retail Group Limited in 2016, the Bank acquired three of its subsidiaries namely, Home Retail Group Card Services Limited, Home Retail Group Insurance Services Limited and Argos Personal Loans Limited. These three entities, wholly owned by the Bank, are collectively known as Argos Financial Services (AFS). 
Principle 1 - Purpose and Leadership 
Purpose, Values and Culture Aligned to J Sainsbury Pie's purpose to help its customers live well for less, the Bank's strategy is to be the provider of financial services for loyal Sainsbury's Group Customers. The Bank's objectives are to be an agile, capital and cost efficient provider of simple, digitally-led financial services. The strategy and objectives were reviewed and updated by the Board in 2019, including the decision to cease new mortgage originations from September 2019. 
Supporting this are the Bank's key priorities over the next five years to:• 
• • 
Re-shape the Bank's Balance Sheet Simplify the organisation Strengthen the business 
Underpinning those key priorities, the Bank sets a clear risk appetite to operate within and seeks to deliver bestin-class execution through highly engaged col leagues, working together to deliver its goals. 
The Bank's strategy, objectives and priorities were communicated to colleagues through a series of roadshows led by the Bank's CEO held between October and December 2019. They were also communicated to J Sainsbury Pie investors as part of the Group-wide Capital Markets Day on 25 September 2019. 
Details of the Bank's broader purpose in relation to non-financial matters (Environmental, Social, Employee, Human Rights and Modern Slavery, Anti-Corruption/ Anti-Bribery) are provided on Pages 20 to 22. 
Strategy The Board of Directors of the Bank is the key governance body, responsible for the overall strategy, performance of the business and management of risk. It delegates responsibility for the day to day running of the business to the Chief Executive and the Executive Management Team through the apportionment of responsibility and delegated authorities. The Board holds overall accountability for the outcomes achieved, decisions made and steering the company, subject to specific reserved matters which require the consent of J Sainsbury Pie. 
Performance against key metrics is measured and reported to the Board and all colleagues on a regular basis. The metrics link together - as we believe that if we have t1i!:Jt'1ly engaged colleagues, who deliver a great service to our customers, this in turn will help us drive increased profitability and lower costs. As a financial services business in a highly regulated environment, we also need to ensure we're operating in a safe and sound way too. 
Relationship with J Sainsbury Pie Since 2014, the Bank has been a wholly owned subsidiary of J Sainsbury Pie, a listed retailer. J Sainsbury Pie currently has one Director on the Bank Board. The J Sainsbury Pie appointed director has no additional rights or powers than any other director of the Board, nor is J Sainsbury pie involved in the day-to-day management of the


Bank. However, J Sainsbury Pie has certain reserved powers and decisions which fall within those powers must be referred to them by the Bank Board for their consent before undertaking. Primarily, these reserved matters relate to significant change in the size and scale of the Bank's operations, changes in its capital structure including any increases or ~ecreases to capital, signific?nt individual contracts or legal disputes, changes to dire~tors or officers of the Bank and share schemes. 
· Principle 2- Board Composition 
Chair The Bank has a separate Chairman (an Independent Non-Executive) and Chief Executive (an Executive Director) to ensure that the balance of responsibilities, accountabilities and decision making are effectively maintained. _ The Chairman plays a key role in creating the conditions for overall Board and individual director effectiveness. In February 2020 our current Chairman, Roger Davis, notified the Board that he intends to step down during 2020 - a search to find a replacement Chairman is underway. 
Balance and Diversity Recruitment on to the Bank Board combines an assessment of both technical capability and competency skills to ensure the optimum blend of individual and aggregate capability having regards to the Bank's long term strategic plan. Such recruitment is subject to the approval of the Nominations Committee, the Bank Board, J Sainsbury Pie (as the decision falls within reserved matters) and the relevant regulatory bodies (where applicable). 
Independent Non-Executive Directors bring their experience to bear from across various sectors, notably Financial Services but also from across Retail, Digital and E-Commerce. These are key areas of focus for the Bank and aligned to its strategy. Directors update their skills, knowledge and familiarity with the Bank by meeting senior management, a programme of developmental training (from both internal and external speakers) and by attending appropriate external seminars. There is an induction programme for all new Directors which is tailored to their specific needs and which provides access to all parts of the business. 
Size and Structure During 2019/20, the Bank Board was streamlined to ensure the right leadership was in place to become an agile, capital and cost efficient provider of simple, digitally-led financial services to Sainsbury's and Argos customers. As a result, the following changes were made:- 
• A reduction in the number of Non-Executive Directors appointed by J Sainsbury Pie from three to one with the previous incumbents replaced by the JS Group Chief Digital Officer; 
• • • 
The Chief Risk Officer role is no longer a Statutory Director of the Bank but is a permanent attendee at the Bank Board; 
The Chief Customer Officer role was split into a Bank Customer Director and Chief Operating Officer. Neither of these new roles are Statutory Directors of the Bank; and 
The Chief Transformation Officer and HR Director were stood down as permanent attendees on the Board. 
The Bank Board is now comprised of an Independent Chairman, four other Independent Non-Executive Directors, one Non-Executive Director appointed by J Sainsbury Pie and two Executive Directors'- the Bank's Chief Executive Officer and its Chief Financial Officer. A biography for each Board Director can be found on the J Sainsbury Pie corporate website: https://www.about.sa i nsburys.co.uk/about-us/our-ma nagement#sa i nsburys-ba n k 
The Directors have equal voting rights when.making decisions, except the Chairman, who has a casting vote at the Bank Board. All Directors have access to the advice and services of the Company Secretary and may, if they wish, take professional advice at the company's expense. Directors duties are exercised through the Board and its sub-committees per the Governance structure on page 23. Each of these is chaired by one of the Independent Non-Executive Directors.


Effectiveness The Board last undertook a formal effectiveness review facilitated by an independent external advisor at the end of 2015 with an internally led review undertaken in early 2018. The next independent review was scheduled for 2019; however, w_ith the changes in the comp<?sition of the Bank Board an~ Executive team, the next in~ependent review had been scheduled for mid-2020 but has been deferred pending the appointment of a new Bank Chairman. 
The 2015 Board Effectiveness Review was undertaken at a time when the Bank will still in the transition from being a joint venture to being a wholly owned stand-alone subsidiary of J Sainsbury Pie. At the time, the Board was assessed overall as being "Effective· and "Highly Effective· in some areas. This rating reflected the fact that the Bank's overall performance in terms of meeting the demands of its key stakeholders had been sustained during a time of significant transition for the Bank. It had been particularly noted that all Board members were fully committed and engaged in cha I lenging the oversight of the business. The main areas that required attention were around Board member induction and development, Risk measures and the development of Board governance processes and initiatives, all of which have since been addressed. 
Principle 3- Director Responsibi I ities 
Accountabi I ity Each Board Director has a clear understanding of their accountability and responsibilities via the Individual Accountability Regime which the Bank introduced in early 2016 and which has been regularly updated since then. Whilst Board oversight is always maintained, key decisions are made by the individuals and committees with the most appropriate knowledge and experience. 
The Board had a programme of nine main meetings in 2019/20 and has the same number planned for 2020/21. One of the Board meetings is usually set aside each year for strategic planning with the Executive Committee and key stakeholders from across the Bank, AFS and J Sainsbury Pie as appropriate. 
As part of their annual review, the Bank Chairman undertakes a Fit and Proper Assessment and Attestation with each Board Director. The Senior Independent Non-Executive Director undertakes the same for the Bank Chairman. 
Conflicts of Interest Any potential conflicts of interest are identified and considered as part of the recruitment process for on-boarding new Directors on to the Bank Board. Where there are any concerns raised, they are considered by the Bank's Nominations Committee and again at the Board meeting when the recommendation is brought for approval. 
Once in situ, should a Director be offered the opportunity to take up a position (Executive or Non-Executive), whilst retaining their role on the Bank Board, they are required to inform the Bank Chairman and the Board would then be asked to confirm that no conflicts of interest existed or were perceived to exist before accepting the additional role. Where there are any potential conflicts, appropriate safeguards would be implemented. 
Committees The Board delegates authority for day-to-day management of the company to the Chief Executive Officer who exercises this role via the Executive Committee which meets monthly. It is chaired by the Chief Executive and its membership is made up of the: Chief Executive Officer Chief Financial Officer Chief Risk Officer Head of Conduct Risk Chief Operations Officer Customer Director - 
Sainsbury's Bank 
Customer Director-Argos Financial Services Chief Transformation Officer- to June 2020 HR Director


Note: The Bank's Internal Audit Director is a permanent attendee at every meeting. The Independent Non-Executive Directors are wholly independent in that they have no material business or relationships with the company that might influence their independence or judgement. In addition, certain governance. responsibilities are delegat~d to other Board Committe~s (Audit Committee, Board ~isk Committee, Remuneration Committee and Nominations Committee). Membership of these committees is entirely made up of Non-Executive Directors of the Bank with members of the Bank's Executive team and other senior colleagues in attendance. These committees support effective decision making and independent challenge. 
Integrity of information The Board receives regular and timely information at its meeting on all key aspects of the business supported by a range of Key Performance Indicators (KPis). The Bank's various functions prepare and maintain the integrity of this information, with the financial information collated from the financial systems. This financial information is externally audited by Ernst & Young LLP on an annual basis together with a review of the Bank's Financtal Control Environment and adherence to current Accounting and Regulatory standards. 
Pri nci pie 4 - Opportunity and Risk 
Opportunity The Board is responsible for the overall strategy and performance of the business and its management of risk. It undertakes a deep-dive review of the Bank's strategy on at least an annual basis, taking due account of changes in the operating environment and emerging risks and opportunities. This includes a review of long-term strategic opportunities, building upon the Bank's purpose and advantages from being part of the wider Sainsbury's Group. 
Risk The Board Risk Committee (BRC) provides the Board with a forward-looking view to anticipate future risks together with the monitoring and oversight over existing risks within the Risk Appetite set by the Board. It is responsible for reviewing and reporting its conclusions to the Board on the Bank's risk appetite and the Bank's risk management framework. The BRC meets at least on a quarterly basis. 
Responsibilities In line with the provisions of the Senior Manager & Certification Regime (SMCR), the Bank has al located the Senior Manager Functions and prescribed responsibilities in so far as they apply to Sainsbury's Bank pie and its AFS subsidiaries. A Management Responsibility Map (MRM) is in place to provide a description of the Bank's management and governance arrangements including the reporting lines and details of the individuals who are part of those arrangements and their prescribed responsibilities. The MRM is owned by the Board which reviews it at least twice a year. 
The Bank has embedded a process-centric approach to identifying, measuring and controlling its key risks. It focuses attention on what matters most. those risks that can cause the greatest harm to our customers, reputation or finances. It provides a view on inherent risk, control effectiveness and residual risk assessments. It informs a bi-annual attestation of control effectiveness that is reviewed by the Board. 
Principle 5 - Remuneration 
Setting Remuneration The Board-level Remuneration Committee (RemCo) recommends to the Board the remuneration strategy for the Executive Directors, Chairman, Senior Management and Material Risk Takers. Within this framework, its remuneration policy is aligned to the long-term success of the Company as well as promoting effective risk management and compliance with applicable statutory and regulatory requirements. RemCo also has oversight over appointment and severance terms for relevant employees. 
Policies The Bank is an equal opportunities employer and promotes an environment free from discrimination, in line with Group-wide 'embrace the difference' values and its vision to be the most inclusive retailer. All decisions relating


to employment practices (including remuneration) are oQjective, free from bias and based solely upon work criteria and individual merit. 
The Directors' ~ositions and remuneration ~tatus are set out in the Dir~ctors· Report. An independ~nt external review is carried out annually to ensure that the remuneration policy for executives is consistent with similar size banks in the industry. Our gender pay gap figures are determined by our structure which is supported by store colleagues and is unique within the banking sector (see Non-Financial Reporting disclosure on page 20). Remuneration policies are reviewed annually by RemCo. 
Delegating remuneration decisions Remuneration decisions are delegated through the divisional heads to agree fair and appropriate distribution of agreed bonuses and salary increases based on the principles agreed at Remuneration Committee·and the performances of teams and individuals across the business. 
Subsidiary companies The remuneration strategy and policies set by RemCo are fully applied to Argos Financial Services. 
Principle 6-Stakeholder Relationships and Engagement 
External Impacts The Board is committed to social responsibility, community engagement and environmental sustainability. These goals are achieved through a combination of activities and commitments, including measures to support the Sainsbury's Group target to achieve NetZero emissions from its operations by 2040. The Bank embraced the '150 Days of Community' initiative launched by Sainsbury's Group as part of its 150th anniversary celebrations in 2019, with colleagues undertaking a range of projects to support local communities. 
Stakeholders The Board promotes good conduct. accountability and transparency with all of the Bank's key stakeholders (customers, colleagues, investors, suppliers and banking regulators). Key interactions with each stakeholder group are set out in the section 172 statement on page 18. The Board sets a clear 'tone from the top' in line with the Bank's purpose to be the provider of financial services for loyal Sainsbury's Group Customers. 
Workforce The Bank aims to be a great place to work for all colleagues, enabling them to develop their skills and knowledge to be the best they can be. Colleagues are encouraged to learn from each other, their managers and through structured learning activity that develops behavioural and technical capability. Cornerstones of our approach include investing time in two-way communication between leaders and other colleagues (informing and listening) and up-ski I ling leaders to be effective communicators and leaders of people. 
Investors in People (I IP) award accreditation to organisations who invest in training and development. Sainsbury's has a long standing relationship with IIP and has been awarded Gold in its last four assessments. The latest assessment in 2019 included the Bank for the first time. 
Whistleblowing is an important part of protecting the Bank as it creates a safe way for colleagues to raise any concerns and challenge poor practice and/or behaviour. The Bank's whistleblowing policy sets out how col leagues can report concerns internally, through the Group's 'Rightline' service or through regulators.

