Corporate Governance Report 

For the year ended 28 December 2019, under The Companies (Miscellaneous Reporting) Regulations 2018, the Company has applied the Wates Corporate Governance Principles for Large Private Companies. 

Principle I - Purpose and leadership 
Samworth Brothers can trace its roots back to 1896 as a proud family business. The business manufactures and distributes quality chilled and ambient foods and supplies both retailer own label and branded products to its customers. 
We are a family business with strong values that invests for the long-term benefit of our people, customers, suppliers and communities. We believe that responsible businesses play a crucial role in building healthy communities and a strong society; therefore, we work hard to create good employment opportunities, support local causes, be a good neighbour and contribute positively to our shared future. The investment in the business provides the chance for the family to be involved in a great commercial and social enterprise. 
Samworth Brothers welcomes new colleagues into our family. By operating a successful business, we provide opportunities for all of our people to grow, improve their prospects and achieve their full potential. Committed to providing good places to work and to offering development and progression opportunities to our people, we maintain a progressive pay and benefits package which includes good pension arrangements, excellent restaurant facilities and a retail discount scheme. 
At Samworth Brothers "we do good things with great food" and this mission is supported by these core values: 
We are a family We appreciate, encourage and treat one another like family, no matter who we are or where we're from. Everyone is welcomed and supported and because we trust each other we can be open and honest. We build relationships with those who share our values so we can work together in the same way, towards the same goals. 
We take pride We take pride in our work and quality is our way of life. People trust us to make their food and we want to do our best for them. Our business is a force for good and we all want to play our part in doing things right. 
We make things happen We believe there are no limits lo what we can achieve together. We're curious and open to learning new things. When we recognise an opportunity to improve ourselves, our colleagues, or our business, we grab it with both hands. We make profit to reinvest in a better future. 

Principle 2 - 
Board Composition 
The Group has two leadership boards, each with different responsibilities and accountabilities. The parent company "Holdings Board", led by a Non-Executive Chairman, provides the governance control for the business. The Chairman is joined on the Board by the Chief Executive Officer and three independent Non-Executive directors. The Board is supported by the Chief Financial Officer and the Company Secretary. 
The Independent Non-Executive Directors of the Group Holdings Board are wholly independent in that they have no material business or relationships with the Company that might influence their independence or judgement. In addition, certain governance responsibilities are delegated lo Board committees. The Audit Committee is chaired by Hannu Ryopponen and the Remuneration Committee chaired by Aileen Richards, both Non-Executive Directors on the Holdings Board. The other Non-Executive Director sits on both the Remuneration and Audit Committees. The Chairman plays a key role in providing the overall conditions and framework to allow the Holdings Board to govern effectively. 
The other board is the Group Executive Board, led by the Chief Executive Officer and comprising the Chief Financial Officer and three other Executive Directors. This is focused on the development and delivery of the business strategy (please see further detail on our strategy in the strategic report from page 4), aligned to the business purpose, ensuring that the Group's culture and values are aligned and communicated consistently to our staff.


Principle 3 - Director Responsibilities 
The Group looks to provide a strong governance framework to allow its boards and committees to make clear and considered decisions based on a clear understanding of their accountability and responsibilities. 
The Holdings Board meets a minimum of six times a year, supported by Audit and Remuneration Committee meetings as required. The Group Executive Board (GEB) has a formal monthly meeting for the day-to-day management and leadership of the business and will meet as necessary between formal board meetings. Each business unit or business category has its own operational board, chaired by a member of the GEB, which ensures key business decisions are made by executives with the most appropriate knowledge and industry experience and with responsibility for the success of that business. All boards and committees receive regular and timely information to support their work, including reports on financial performance, commercial and market analysis, people and culture, health and safety, procurement, technical delivery, sustainability and risk status. Integrity of information is critical in allowing the directors to exercise their duties and responsibilities. Key financial information is collated from the Group's various accounting systems. The Group's finance function has appropriately qualified staff in each business to ensure the integrity of this information. The Group appointed BOO LLP as auditors during 2019 and they have audited the December 2019 statutory report and accounts. Financial controls are reviewed as part of an internal audit programme provided by KPMG LLP and their work schedule is set each year in agreement with the Audit Committee. 

Principle 4 - Opportunity and Risk 
The Group seeks to deliver profitable growth opportunities that will benefit all its stakeholders whilst mitigating risks that may arise. 
Opportunity 
The GEB develops, documents and communicates the business strategy, which is approved by the Holdings Board. This seeks to optimise opportunities identified for the business to develop and improve its performance and operations. Please see the Strategic Report for further information. 
Risk During 2019, the Group appointed its first Director of Risk and Assurance, reporting to the Chief Financial Officer. The Group is currently developing and strengthening its risk management framework to mitigate the risks faced by the business. The Group's key operational risks are described in the Strategic Report. The systems and controls in the business are designed to manage, rather than fully eliminate, the risk of failure to allow the business to deliver its business objectives effectively. 
Responsibilities The Group has a documented Group Authorities Manual to provide a framework of rules, processes and delegated authorities. Responsibility for financial and operational control rests with the board of each operating business. However, certain decisions are reserved to either the GEB, the Chief Executive Officer or the Group Holdings Board. This ensures that all expenditure, investments and commitments are subject to appropriate review and approval by the business. 

Principle 5 - Remuneration 
The Remuneration Committee's primary objectives are: 
to record the philosophy and strategy for remuneration and development of the Chief Executive Officer, the GEB and the divisional boards of management. The philosophy shall ensure that we have the best people in our business. The remuneration policy shall cover: (i) base salary; (ii) performance related remuneration to align the interest of the Directors and the Shareholders and reward their individual contribution to the success of the company; (iii) benefits in kind; (iv) pensions;
to determine the total remuneration package of the Group Chief Executive, including base salary, annual bonus, other incentive payments, benefits in kind and pension contribution and entitlements, on recommendation of the Company Chairman; 
in consultation with the Chief Executive Officer, to determine the total remuneration package of each GEB Director, including base salary, annual bonus, other incentive payments, benefits in kind and pension contribution and entitlements; to approve the design of, and determine the targets for, any performance related incentive schemes and approve the calculation and payment of all awards; and to ensure the remuneration policy for members of the divisional boards of management is consistent with that for the members of the GEB. 
In 2018, the Group published its Gender Pay Reporting for the first time which highlighted some specific areas of focus for 2019 and beyond. Further detail on our Gender Pay Reporting can be found on our website, www.samworthbrothers.co.uk. The Group is an active equal opportunities employer and promotes an environment free from discrimination, harassment and victimisation, where everyone receives equal treatment and career development regardless of age, gender, nationality, ethnic origin, religion, marital status, sexual orientation or disability. All decisions relating to employment practices (including remuneration) are objective, free from bias and based solely upon work criteria and individual merit. 

Principle 6 - Stakeholders 
The Board is clear that good governance and effective communication are essential to deliver the business purpose and to protect the company's reputation and relationships with all our stakeholder communities. We consider our key stakeholders to be our shareholders, customers, colleagues, suppliers, lenders and the local communities in which we work. 
The Group strategy developed by the GEB is aligned to the culture and values that underpin the whole business and is agreed and supported by the Samworth Family. 
The Group strives to meet the Family's aspirations for the business to have financial sustainability and growth with social and environmental responsibility. These objectives are measured and reported to both the Holdings and Executive Boards at each board meeting. 
The Board is committed to social responsibility, community engagement and environmental sustainability. It achieves this through its commitment to deliver a safe and sustainable business, ensuring the safety, health and wellbeing of everyone who works with us, and through working to provide a positive environmental and social impact. Our People All business areas have a consultative committee with a clear charter, defined roles and responsibilities and training for all. Each committee agrees an action plan for doing good in the local community in line with our responsible business plan. 
During 2020, line managers at all levels will attend a cross-business 'Leading the Samworth Way' one-day workshop to help them understand our required standards and behaviours. 
Every quarter all colleagues are sent a copy of The Samworth Standard to their home, featuring news and updates from around the Group. Anyone can contribute by contacting their local representative. Information about each business is provided by individual line managers at weekly team briefings. Broader information is also available every three months at the quarterly business brief. 
Every year, all colleagues are invited to have their say anonymously and confidentially in an annual people survey. Local management teams review all the feedback and develop action plans to make improvements. Annual employee engagement surveys are performed to highlight areas in which it might be necessary to improve communication of the Group's purpose. The Board considers the results of the engagement surveys and responds to address any issues identified. Health and Wellbeing The health ?}nd wellbeing of our people is important to us and we strive to ensure that everyone has access to good medical advice and assistance, including private healthcare in many of our businesses. Our Employee Assistance Programme provides a 24-hour personal service, designed to provide professional, independent help and counselling to support our people through a variety of situations arising within work and family life. Some of our businesses have gyms that are available to all, whilst others organise fitness sessions or running clubs in which everyone can get involved.
Our Communities By creating jobs and opportunities and supporting local programmes we help our communities thrive. 
Through donations and community projects we support local activities and disadvantaged groups. We engage with local schools and career fairs to encourage young people to consider the food and drink industry as a career and to develop their life skills. Through our connections with local partners, we mentor secondary school and college pupils on interview techniques and CV writing. 
We are passionate about making a positive contribution to society and have developed links with organisations that support ex-offenders and ex-military personnel, providing work experience and employment opportunities. Other community engagement activities include partnering with FareShare to provide surplus food for their network of charitable food redistribution. 
Our Environment To minimise our impact on the environment, we are taking action on things that are important to protect our planet for generations to come. Our achievements through The 4R Plan (Reduce, Reuse, Recycle and Recover), our internal action and communication programme, continue to deliver reductions in our environmental impact: Our commitment to purchasing certified renewable grid-supplied electricity has saved 44,800 tonnes of carbon; Total carbon emissions reduced by 13% year on year (2019 vs 2018); Our food waste in 2019 was 5.6% of production tonnage, helping to deliver against our Champion 12.3 commitments; We supported local food charities and diverted 499 tonne of surplus food, generating over 1.18 million meals; We achieved a total recycling rate of 83% across the Group. 
Responsible Sourcing We work in partnership with our suppliers to source ingredients ethically and do business responsibly. 
We procure numerous raw materials from across the globe and work with our key suppliers and customers to ensure risks associated with these materials, in relation to human rights and environmental sustainability, are mitigated. Our compliance with the Modern Slavery Act is outlined in our Modern Slavery Statement, available on our website. In 2019 we entered a partnership with Slave Free Alliance to undertake a review of our processes and due diligence for managing human rights risks in our own business and supply chains; the findings of this review will strengthen our approach. 
We remain committed to sourcing and using Roundtable for Sustainable Palm Oil (RSPO) certified sustainable palm oil for our products. Sustainable seafood is an equally important area of focus and we have continued to source Marine Stewardship Council (MSC) certified seafood. Our procurement and responsible sourcing teams continue to develop our sourcing principles in line with customer codes of practice and global sourcing guidelines, such as the UN Guiding Principles on Business and Human Rights.

