Statement of corporate governance arrangements 
The Company follows the Wates Corporate Governance Principles for large private companies.The implementation of the six principles by the Company is noted below. 
Purpose and leadership The company is wholly owned subsidiary of the Schneider Electric Group, the strategic decisions of the Group have a major influence on the decisions of the Company. Additional details on the Executive committee and the way it functions can be found in the Strategic Report on pages 1 to 6. 
Board composition The key decisions of the Company are made by the Executive Committee, details of the composition of the Executive Committee can b_e found in the Strategic Report on pages 1 to 6. The annual appraisal and goal setting procedure applies to the Executive Committee members in the same way as for all other employees of the company. The Executive Committee will take into account the needs of all stakeholders and UK regulatory requirements when implementing the Schneider Electric Group goals. 
Director responsibilities The Executive Committee meets on a monthly basis, each member of the Executive Committee has a clearly defined area of responsibility for either a cash generating unit or a support function. Many of the processes and systems of the Company are implemented by the Schneider Electric Group worldwide, local implementation is done by employees with relevant experience and qualifications. 
Opportunity and risk The Executive Committee will be guided by the Schneider Electric Group's vision when considering the impact of key decisions. More information on this is set out in the Strategic Report on pages 1 to 6. 
Remuneration The Schneider Electric group have an annual remuneration review for all employees including the Executive Committee. There are short term and long term incentive schemes created by the Schneider Electric Group which are relevant for the Executive Committee. 
Stakeholder relationships and engagement Information on this is set out in the Strategic Report on pages 1 to 6.
