Corporate Governance 
Fundamental to the Company's strategy are high standards of corporate governance. A Corporate Governance Framework is in place for the Scottish Widows Group of companies, of which the Company is a part, which sets the approach and applicable standards in respect of the Company's corporate governance arrangements whilst addressing the matters set out in the Principles.-


This include the matters reserved to the Board, and the matters the Board has chosen ·to deleg11te to management; including decision making on operational matters such as those relating to credit, liquidity and the day to day mariagement of risk, and the governance . requirements of the operation of the Company outside of Lloyds Banking Group's Ring Fenced Bank Governance arrangements, including the Corporate Governance Framework, are reviewed at least annually to ensure they remain fit for purpose: The Corporate Govemance Framework of the Company further addresses the requirements of the Principles as follows: 
Principle One - Purpose and Leadership 
The Board is collectively responsible for the long term success of°the Company.It achieves this by agreeing the Company's strategy, within the wider strategy of Lloyds Banking. Group pie ('LBG'), and overseeing delivery against it. The Board also assumes responsibilities for the management of the culture, values and wider standards of the Company, within the equivalent standards set by LBG.
Consideration of the needs of all stakeholders is fundamental. to the way the Company operates, as is maintaining the highest standards of business conduct, which along with ensuring delivery for customers is a vital part of the corporate culture. The Company's approach is further influenced by the need to build a·culture in which everyone feels included, empowered and inspired to do the right thing for customers. To this end, the Board plays a lead role in establishing, promoting and monitoring the company's corporate culture ·and values, -with the Corporate Governance Framework ensuring such matters receive the level of prominence in Board and Executive decision making which they require. The Company's corporate culture and values closely align to those of LBG, which are discussed in more detail in the LBG annual report and accounts for 2019; 
Principle Two - Board Composition 
The Company is led by a Board comprising a Non-Executive Chairman, independent Nono Executive Directors and Executive Directors, further details of the directors can be found on page 2. The Board considers its composition regularly, and is committed to ensuring it has the right balance of skills and experience. The Board considers its current size and composition is appropriate to the Company's circumstances and places great emphasis on ensuring its membership reflects diversity in its broadest sense, for example five out of twelve directors are women. New appointments are made on merit, taking account of the specific skills and experience, independence and knowledge needed to ensure a rounded Board and the diversity benefits each candidate can bri~g overall. There are a range of initiatives to help provide mentoring and development opportunities for female and BAME executives within LBG, and to ensure unbiased career progression opportunities. 
The Board is supported by its committees, the operation of which is discussed below, which make recommendations to the Board on matters delegated to them, in particular in relation to internal control; risk; and financial reporting. Each committee has written terms of reference setting out its delegated responsibilities. Each committee comprises individuals with appropriate skills and experiences and is chaired by an experienced chairman. The committee chairs report to the Board at each Board meeting. 
The Board periodically undertakes reviews of its effectiveness, which provide an opportunity to consider ways of identifying greater efficiencies, ways to maximise strengths and highlights areas of further development. The effectiveness reviews are commissioned by the Chairman of the Board, assisted by the Company Secretary. In addition to considering the effectiveness of the Board, the · effectiveness ofihe_Board committees is also considered. The Chairman also ensures that the individual performance of individual directors is reviewed. 
Principle Three - Director Responsibilities 
The Directors assume ultimate responsibility for all matters, and along with senior management-are committed to maintaining a robust control framework as the foundation for the delivery of good governance, including the effective management of delegation though the Corporate Governance Framework. Po.licies are also in place i~· relation· to potential conflicts of interest which may arise. 
The Board is supported by its committees which make recommendations on matters delegated to them under the Corporate Governance. Framework. The management of all committees is in keeping with the basis on which meetings of the Board are managed, with open . debate, and adequate time for n:iembers to consider proposals which are put forward. The Chairman of the Board and each Board . committee assumes responsibility with support from the Company Secretary for the provision to each meeting of accurate and timely information. 

Principle Four - Opportunity and Risk 
The Board oversees the development and implementation ofth~ Company's strategy, within.the context of the wider strategy_ofLBG, which includes consideration of all strategic opportunities. 
The Board is also responsible for the long term sustainable success of the Company, generating value for its sharehoiders and ensuring a positive contribution to society. The· Board agrees ·the Company's cultµre, purpose, values and strategy, within that of LBG more widely, and agrees· the related standards of the Company, again within the relevant standards of LBG. Further specific .aims and objectives of the Board are formalised within the Corporate Governance Framework. 
strong risk management is central to the strategy of the Company, which along with a robust risk control framework acts as the fou_ndation for the delivery of effective management of risk. The B()ard agrees the Company's risk appetite, within the wider risk appetite.ofLBG, and ensures the Company manages risk effectively, delegating related authorities to individuals through the Corporate Governance Framework and the further management hierarchy. Board level engagement, coupled with the direct involvement of senior management in risk issues ensures that escalated issues are promptly addressed and remediation plans are initiated where required. The Company's risk appetite, principles, policies, procedures, controls and reporting are managed in conjunction with those ofLBG, and as such are regularly reviewed to ensure they remain fully in line with regulations, law, corporate governance and industry best practice. The Company's principle risks are discussed further on page 30. 
Principle Five - Remuneration 
The Remuneration Committee of LBG (the 'Remuneration Committees'), assume responsibility for the Group's approach to remuneration, This includes reviewing and making recommendations on remuneration policy as relevant to the Company, ranging" from the remuneratiori of directors and· members of the Executive to that of all other colleagues employed by the Company. This includes colleagues where the regulators require the Company to implement a specific approach to their remuneration, such as Senior Managers and other material risk takers. The activities of_the Remuneration Committees extend to matters of remuneration relevant to subsidiaries of the Company, where such subsidiary does not have its own remuneration committees. 
Principle Six - Stakeholders 
The ·Company as part of LBG operates under LBG' s wider Responsible Business approach, which acknowledges that the Company has a responsibility to help address the economic, social and environmental challenges which the UK faces, and as part of this understand the needs of the Company's external stakeholders, including in the development and implementation of strategy. Central. to this is LBG's Helping Britain Prosper plan,.in which the Company participates, which seeks to gather stakeholder views through a dedicated materiaiity study, as overseen by LBG's Responsible Business Committee. 

In 2019, the Responsible Business Committee deterniined that the Company and LBG continued to demonstrate responsibility as a key priority, including keeping customers' data safe, supporting vulnerable customers, lending responsibly, supporting businesses and working with suppliers. The approach of the Board in respect of its non-colleague stakeholders is d_escribed in the separate statement made-in compliance with the-Regulations, in the following section.
