Governance overview 
The Board's role is to promote the long-term success of the Group through the setting of a clear purpose, vision and sustainable strategy which creates value for existing and future customers, stakeholders and shareholders. 
Governance framework The successful execution of this strategy and oversight of its delivery are supported by clear Board protocols and governance framework that defines relevant decision making authorities and responsibilities. Formally, these authorities and responsibilities are documented within: SGN's Articles of Association; Shareholder Agreement; the schedule of Matters Reserved for the Board; the terms of reference for the Committees; and the financial approval framework. 
Board of Directors The Board of Directors is comprised entirely of Non-Executive Directors and is the principal decision making forum for the Company. Directors are nominated to the Board in accordance with the terms of the Shareholders' and Governance Agreement. 
The Board is collectively responsible for the long-term success of the Group and for setting of a clear purpose, vision and sustainable strategy which creates value for existing and future customers, stakeholders and shareholders. It provides the leadership necessary for the Group to meet its business objectives while ensuring a sound system of internal control and risk management is in place. The powers and the duties of the Directors are determined by legislation and by the Company's Articles of Association. The Board has also adopted a formal schedule of matters detailing key aspects of the Company's affairs reserved to it for decision. 
Board constitution and appointments The Board of Directors comprises eight Non-Executive Directors. This consists of a Non-Executive Chairman and seven Non-Executive Directors. The Board of Directors is the same for the Company and each subsidiary company within the Group, except for:


• Scotland Gas Networks pie and Southern Gas Networks pie, which consist of two additional independent Non-Executive Directors; and 
• Subsidiary companies of SGN Place Limited and SGN Lessona Limited, which have their own independent Board of Directors. 
The Non-Executive Directors scrutinise, measure and review the performance of management; constructively challenge and assist in the development of strategy; review the Group financial information; and ensure systems of internal control and risk management are appropriate and effective. 
Biographical details for each of the Directors are set out on pages 61 to 63. 
Chairman Gregor Alexander was re-appointed as Chairman on 18 July 2018. 
Board Committees During the year the Board was directly assisted in the discharge of its duties by four Board Committees and dedicated GD2 Board meetings, whose remit, authority and composition are 
monitored to ensure continued and appropriate Board support. From 1 April 2020 onwards, a new Committee was established for the purposes of ensuring the Company has due regard to stakeholder, environment and customer interests (Stakeholder, Environment and Customer Committee). 
Each of the Board Committees provides dedicated focus to a defined area of responsibility. Board Committees act as an advisory body, with the Board retaining oversight and final decision making, except where otherwise delegated by the Board in which case the Committee will act within their agreed authority. 
Board Committee membership is determined by the Board. Prior to determining membership, the Board will consider the subject matter of the Committee's work to ensure that the membership addresses its specific needs. Membership will assess technical skills, knowledge and experience whilst recognising the benefits associated with diversity. Each Board Committee is chaired by a Non-Executive Director.


Further information on the Board committees are set on pages 68 to 71. 
Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer Below the Board, executive responsibility rests with John Morea, Chief Executive Officer (CEO) and Mick Carmedy, Chief Financial Officer (CFO). The CEO and CFO are each employed by the Group and are not Directors of the Company although attend each Board meeting. They are supported by an Executive Committee. 
Biographical details for the CEO and CFO are set out on page 63. 
Executive Committee Day-to-day management of the Company is delegated to the Executive Committee which meets monthly and is chaired by the Chief Executive and whose membership includes the Chief Financial Officer and leaders of each business unit. The Executive Committee is in turn supported by its own operational and assurance framework, with defined roles and responsibilities including relevant delegated authorities. 
Board and executive reporting To ensure that all decision making is well-informed, transparent and balanced, careful consideration is given to information provision and flows within the governance framework. During the year the Group Company Secretary worked with Board Intelligence Limited to review the end to end Board and Executive Committee reporting cycle and implemented changes to further support the timely provision of 
high-quality information and promote effective decision making. This exercise involved developing best practice templates to guide authors and help the Board focus on what matters (including a check against Section 172 duties); online training to equip authors to write high quality papers; and a Company dashboard to display key performance data and rapid insights on the overall health of the Group. Board information is distributed digitally, instantly and securely via the Board Intelligence platform once available. 
The Group Company Secretary is responsible to the Board for the timeliness and quality of information. All Directors have access to the advice and services of the Group Company Secretary. Biographical details for the Group Company Secretary are set out on page 63. 
Conflicts of interest With effect from 1 October 2008, the Companies Act 2006 has introduced a statutory duty on Directors to avoid conflicts of interest. During the year, the Group Company Secretary formally reviewed all the Directors' reported actual and potential conflicts of interest. The Board then considered and recorded each Director's reported actual and potential conflicts of interest. 
In addition, conflicts of interest and governance are included as standing agenda items for every Board Meeting. The Group Company Secretary periodically reviews the Board protocols and governance framework to confirm that they 
remain fit for purpose and considers any initiatives which could strengthen the governance of the Company and decision making. 
Shareholders SGN has four supportive shareholders. They oversee the three regulated operating companies in Scotland, southern England and Northern Ireland as well as the holding company and a number of unregulated operating companies. 
The Board interfaces with the shareholder members on a regular basis and always acts fairly as between members of the Company. 
Board meetings There were six scheduled meetings of the Board in 2019/20 in line with the agreed plan of business for the year, and details of Director attendance can be found within the individual biographies on pages 61 to 63. 
In the months between full Board meetings, a Board update call provides the opportunity to discuss key business developments, and emerging issues and opportunities, with arrangements also in place should a Board decision or approval be required outside of the above times. In total there were 12 Board meetings and calls during the year. 
Board and Executive reporting cycle 
Scheduled meetings of the Board follow an agreed format, with agendas being developed from the Board's annual plan of business and tailored to reflect the current status of projects, strategic workstreams and the overarching operating context. Finalisation of meeting content is a collaborative process involving the Chair, Chief Executive, Chief Financial Officer and the Group Company Secretary, who ensure adequate time is allocated to support effective and constructive discussion. 
Board engagement out of the Boardroom The Board also ensures it spends time out of the Boardroom with stakeholders. During the year, the Board attended offices, depots and undertook various site safety visits to meet with our workforce to understand their views and also met with key stakeholders at Ofgem and in government.


Employee engagement The Board has adopted a robust employee listening strategy, capturing feedback, insight and suggestions from colleagues using a range of different methods and channels. The feedback is subject to rigorous analysis to identify emerging themes and trends. During the year the following Board engagement actions were taken: 
• Inform - Employee communication this year has been further supported by the Company-wide roll out of office 365 and Microsoft Teams in line with the technology strategy approved by the Board. This has enabled real time information to be provided on matters of interest to our employees. 
• Consult - In September 2019, employees were invited to take part in our employee opinion survey which provided a 58% response rate with three key indices: Inclusion index 68%; Sustainable engagement index 79%; and Leadership score 59%. The Board has reviewed the feedback and agreed an action plan based on this. 
• Participation - Employees are invited to get involved in helping drive performance at a Company and local level. Safety champions represent all departments to advocate safe working practices and support with safety related campaigns and initiatives. Safety champions have an opportunity to meet directly with the Board during office and sight visits to provide this feedback. 
Employee engagement is invaluable as it provides Directors with valuable insight to help inform decision making. 
Board activity The Board splits its time between steering the organisation and supervising it across strategy, performance, and governance short, medium and long term which is discussed at every Board meeting. With Board input, the Group Company Secretary has developed a focused set of priorities for the Board for the year. The aim of developing priorities is to ensure the right items come to the Board at the right frequency to help focus on the issues that matter most to the Group and ensure meeting time is used effectively. The supporting Board papers for each agenda item focus on answering the key questions on the Board's mind. 
In line with the Board's responsibility for the overall strategic direction of the Group, strategy related issues are discussed at every Board meeting. 
During the year the Board spent a significant time considering its strategy over the next five years as part of the ongoing RIIO-GD2 Business Plan process. Throughout this process, the Board listened extensively to customers and stakeholders; with 23,000 high quality individual engagements and more than one million people reached online. 
The Business Plan is built on this feedback, which includes consideration of how a company's activities may impact both current and future stakeholders ensuring that the expectations of stakeholders in respect of SGN's economic, social and environmental impacts are integrated within, and consistent with, strategic priorities and matters relating to the employment, retention and development of the skilled and talented people on which the successful execution of SGN's strategy depends. An overview RIIO-GD2 Business Plan is set out on pages 6 and 7. 
As part of this, the Board has overseen a number of other strategy-related analyses, including, but not limited to: a review of SGN's pathway to the decarbonisation of heat, covering relevant trends in policy, technology, customer and stakeholder expectations; SGN's long-term financial outlook; assessment and prioritisation of growth opportunities; and a review of SGN's key risks. 
Further details of the areas which have shaped the Board and committee agendas during 2019/20 are set out on the following pages, together with an overview of how these link to our strategic priorities, Group risks, Wates Principles and Section 172.


What the Board has done this year Link to Key activity 
Steering: Making decisions, shaping, guiding Five-year Business Plan - consideration of Purpose, Vision and Strategy 
(further details on pages 6 and 7). 
Financial - review of long-term financial outlook and performance including consideration of dividend proposals, sufficient resources 
and approval of annual budget. Non-Regulated Growth - consideration of new investments in property, 
assets, technology and opportunities which complement the core. Sustainability - approved strategy of pathway to the decarbonisation 
of heat. 
Technology - review of digital technology to support operations and working smarter. 
Stakeholders - review of engagement with policy holders and consideration of Brexit and nationalisations implications. 
People and Culture - review of employee engagement feedback to understand employee views and approval of action plans, including 
talent and succession. Corporate Responsibility - approving Environmental Action Plan, 
adaptation of UN sustainability goals and Modern Slavery Statement. Contract approvals - various contracts considered pursuant to the 
Board schedule of reserved matters. 
Supervising: Monitoring, seeking assurance Business Plan Assurance - extensive business plan assurance completed 
by the Board. A copy of the Board Assurance business plan statement 
can be found at www.sgnfuture.co.uk. COVID-19 Impact and Response Plans - extensive consideration of 
COVID-19 impact areas and response plans to ensure corporate objectives 
are met (further details on page 37). Strategic Risks - consideration of strategic risks (further details on 
pages 37 to 42) and implementing appropriate governance, monitoring compliance and ongoing risk management. Regulatory Performance - continued Board focus and review of regulatory 
pertormance and initiatives. Safety Performance - continued Board focus and review of safety 
performance and initiatives, including Board site visits. Large Project Performance - review of progress against significant 
projects, including, Erskine Bridge and cloud migration. Governance - review of Board committee membership, reporting, 
priorities and planning and compliance with the new Corporate Governance requirements. Cyber - focussing review and assurance. 
What the GD2 Board has done this year Link to Key activity 
Steering: Making decisions, shaping, guiding Development of GD2 Business Plan - extensive review and feedback 
of GD2 Business Plan (further details on pages 6 and 7). 
Supervising: Monitoring, seeking assurance Business Plan Assurance - extensive business plan assurance completed 
by the Board. A copy of the Board Assurance business plan statement can be found at www.sgnfuture.co.uk. 
All 
strategic priorities 
All Link to 
strategic risk 
Risk 3 and 11 
Risk 3 and 9 
Link to Wates 
Link to S172 Principle 1 All Principle 3 Risk 7 RisklO Risk 2 All All Risk 9 Risk 6 All All 
Risk 3 and 9 
Risk 1 All All 3 All 4 3 
Risk 4 and12 
Risk 2 Risk 5 Risk 8 
strategic priorities 
All Link to 
strategic risk 
Risk 3 and 11 
Risk 3 
Link to Wates 
Link to S172 Principle 1 All 
Principle 4 Section A 
Principle 4 Section A 
Principle 1 Section and 4 
Principle 4 Section A 
Principle 4 Section and 6 
A 
Principle 1 Section and 6 
B 
Risk 3, 10 Principle 3 Section and 6 
Principle 3 Section A 
Principle 3 
Principle 1 and 4 
Principle 4 Principle 4 
Principle 4 and 6 
Principle 4 Principle 3 Principle 4 - and12


Audit Committee 
Current members The current members of the Audit Committee are John McManus (Committee Chair), Gregor Alexander, Nick Salmon, Paul Jeffery and Guy Lambert. 
Principal responsibilities The principal responsibilities of the Audit Committee are as follows: 
John McManus Audit Committee Chair 
• Ensuring the Company's financial reports represent an accurate, clear and balanced assessment of the Company's position and prospects; 
• Ensuring the economy, efficiency and effectiveness of the Company's 
operations and internal controls, the reliability and integrity of information and accounting systems and the implementation of established policies and procedures; Monitoring and reviewing the Company's internal audit function; and 
• Maintaining a close relationship with the Company's external auditor and reviewing the effectiveness of the external audit process. 
As part of its activities, the Audit Committee also reviews and approves key regulatory filings prior to their issue to Ofgem. 
What the Committee has done this year Link to Key activity 
Steering: Making decisions. shaping, guiding Financial Reporting - reviewed and considered the key accounting 
judgements and the interim and final financial results and recommended 
the same for approval by the Board of Directors for the Half Year and Annual Report, Statutory and Regulatory accounts. External Auditor 
. Reviewed the effectiveness of the external audit process and market impacts. 
. . Reviewed the independence of the External Auditor . 
Monitored the level of non-audit fees and approved any new non-audit engagements. 
. Overview of the selection process for the incoming auditor, EY, and approval of its appointment. 
Annual Goodwill Impairment - reviewed and approved the annual goodwill impairment and carry value judgements. 
Supervising: Monitoring, seeking assurance Internal Audit Report - approved annual audit plan and received regular 
updates on the delivery of the plan. External Audit - considered the accounting, financial control and audit 
issues from the External Auditor's report. Internal Compliance Report - approved annual compliance plan and 
reviewed regular updates on the delivery of the plan. Also reviewed outcomes of all internal compliance investigations, including incidents raised via raising concerns channel to help assess risks. trends and culture across the Group. External Compliance Officer Report - received external compliance 
report on compliance with standard licence condition A27 concerning business separation and approved submission to Ofgem. Compliance Certificates - received and approved the compliance 
certificates and monitored the performance against the schedule of key dates. Regulatory Reports - received and recommended for approval by the Board the regulatory reports to Ofgem. 
All All All All Risk 10 All 
Principle 3 Section A 
Principle 4 Principle 4 Principle 4 - - - All Link to 
strategic strategic priorities 
risk All 
Link to Wates 
Link toS172 
Principle 3 Section A 
Principle 3 Section E 
All All All Risk 10 Risk 9 Risk 9 Principle 4 Principle 3 Principle 3 -


Safety, Health and Environmental Advisory Committee 
Current members The current members of the Safety, Health and Environmental Advisory Committee are Natalie Flageul (Committee Chair), John McManus. Nick Salmon, Guy Lambert and Laura Sandys. 
Natalie Flageul 
Safety, Health and Environmental Advisory Committee Chair 
Principal responsibilities The principal responsibilities of the Safety, Health and Environmental Advisory Committee are as follows: 
• Ensuring the health and safety policy statement and environmental policy statement remain fit for purpose and are being adhered to; 
• Reviewing and monitoring the safety, health and environmental strategy and action plan, which shall be design'ed to eliminate, 
What the Committee has done this year 
Key activity Steering: Making decisions. shaping, guiding 
SHE Targets - reviewed and provided feedback on the development of the SHE targets for the year and recommended to the Board for approval of the same. Environmental Action Plan - reviewed and provided feedback on the development of the Environmental Action Plan forming part of the GD2 submission and recommended to the Board for approval of the same. Fatigue - reviewed future risk and plans to manage this. 
Safety Case - reviewed and provided feedback on updates to the safety case and recommended to the Board for approval of the same. Winter Planning - reviewed and provided feedback on winter planning. 
Commercial Safety Management Arrangements - reviewed and provided feedback on commercial safety management framework and recommended to the Board for approval of the same. 
Supervising: Monitoring, seeking assurance SHE Performance - reviewed performance to ensure continued focus and improvement. HSE Intervention and Inspection Plan - reviewed HSE engagements. 
Compliance and Assurance Plan - received and considered safety compliance and assurance plans and received regular updates on the delivery of the plan. Safety Culture - reviewed progress against the safety culture programme. 
1 and 4 
Link to strategic priorities 
Link to strategic risk 
1 and 3 
Risk 6 Risk12 
Risk 6 Risk 6 Risk 6 Risk 6 
Link to Wates 
Principle 3 Principle 4 
Principle 4 and 6 
Principle 3 Principle 4 Principle 4 
Link to 5172 
Section Band D --Section D 
--Section --- B Section --- C Section --- D Section D 
--- 
Risk 6 Risk 6 Risk 6 
Risk 6 and 8 
Principle 3 and 4 
Principle 3 and4 
Principle 3 and 4 
Principle 1 and 6 
--- 
reduce or otherwise control personal and process related data; 
• Reviewing and monitoring the safety, health and environmental compliance and assurance plan (and liaising with the internal auditor in relation thereto); 
• Setting health and safety and environmental targets to improve the Group's performance; 
• Monitoring health and safety and environmental performance against planned targets and identified key improvement areas by means of appropriate leading and lagging key performance indicators; and 
• Encouraging greater awareness of the importance of health, safety and the environment and higher achievement in performance in these areas.


People and Reward Committee 
Current members The current members of the People and Reward Committee are Michael McNicholas (Committee Chair), Gregor Alexander and Charlotte Brunning. 
Principal responsibilities The principal responsibilities of the People and Reward Committee are as follows: 
Michael McNicholas People and Reward Committee Chair 
• To determine and agree with the Board of Directors the Group's framework for executive and senior management remuneration; 
• The Committee has delegated authority for setting the remuneration of the CEO, CFO and their direct reports; 
• To review the ongoing appropriateness and relevance of the remuneration policy; and 
• To keep under review executive succession planning, leadership and management development. 
What the Committee has done this year Key activity 
Steering: Making decisions, shaping, guiding Remuneration - continued to review and where appropriate recommended changes to Board on the remuneration strategies across the Group. In 2019, the Board agreed changes to the long-term incentive plan to align these against the strategic priorities to ensure a better alignment to support delivering what matters to stakeholders. Objectives - considered short-term and long-term objectives to drive the right behaviours and help provide a framework of Remuneration. Talent and Succession - continued to focus on talent and the ability to attract, retain and progress individuals to improve the overall capability of the Company. Employee Engagement - supported the completion of an employee engagement survey and listened to employee feedback providing a recommendation to the Board on an action plan. 
Supervising: Monitoring, seeking assurance Company and Executive Performance - reviewed and assessed Company and executive performance against agreed short-term and long-term objectives. Diversity and Inclusion Plan - received key performance indicators on diversity and inclusion and discussed opportunities to improve. 
Link to strategic priorities 
Link to strategic risk 
Risk 8 
Link to Wates 
Link to 5172 
Principle 5 Section B 
All 
Risk 8 Risk 8 
Risk8 
Principle 5 Section B 
Principle 6 Section B 
Principle 6 Section B 
Risk 8 Risk 8 Principle 6 
Principle 1, 4and 6 
- -


Finance Committee 
Current members The current members of the Finance Committee are Charlotte Brunning (Committee Chair), Gregor Alexander, Michael McNicholas, Guy Lambert and Paul Jeffery. 
Charlotte Brunning Finance Committee Chair 
Principal responsibilities The principal responsibilities of the Finance Committee are to authorise specific transactions of the Group, where it has been provided delegated authority by the Board of Directors to do so. 
In addition the Finance Committee will support the Board as follows: 
• To consider and provide recommendations on financial risk management and credit rating strategy. 
What the Committee has done this year Link to Key activity 
Steering: Making decisions, shaping, guiding Funding and Risk Management Strategy - reviewed Treasury operations, including the funding plan, liquidity and going concern. Pension - reviewed pension arrangements. 
Supervising: Monitoring, seeking assurance Treasury and Bank Mandates - reviewed and approved changes to the treasury and bank mandates. Credit Ratings Review - reviewed credit rating analysis. 
Link to 
strategic strategic priorities 
risk All All Risk 4 
Link to Wates 
Link to S172 
Principle 3 Section and 4 
A 
Principle 5 Section B 
Principle 3 
Principle 1, 4and 6

