Corporate Governance Report Approach to Corporate Governance 
In accordance with the Large and Medium-sized Companies and Group (Accounts and Reports) Regulations 2008 (as amended by the Companies (Miscellaneous Reporting) Regulations 2018) (the ‘Regulations’), for the year ended 31 December 2019, the Group has in its corporate governance arrangements applied the Wates Corporate Governance Principles for Large Private Companies (the ‘Principles’). The following section explains the Group’s approach to corporate governance, and its application of the Principles. Fundamental to the Group’s strategy are high standards of corporate governance. A Corporate Governance Framework is in place for the Scottish Widows Group of companies, of which the Group is a part, which sets the approach and applicable standards in respect of the Group’s corporate governance arrangements whilst addressing the matters set out in the Principles. This includes the matters reserved to the Board, and the matters the Board has chosen to delegate to management, including decision making on operational matters such as those relating to credit, liquidity and the day to day management of risk, and the governance requirements of the operation of the Company outside of LBG’s Ring Fenced Bank. Governance arrangements, including the Corporate Governance Framework, are reviewed at least annually to ensure they remain fit for purpose. The Corporate Governance Framework of the Group further addresses the requirements of the Principles as follows. 
Principle One – Purpose and Leadership 
The Board is collectively responsible for the long term success of the Group. It achieves this by agreeing the Group’s strategy, within the wider strategy of LBG, and overseeing delivery against it. The Group’s strategy is discussed further in the Strategic Report on pages 4 to 9. The Board also assumes responsibilities for the management of the culture, values and wider standards of the Group, within the equivalent standards set by LBG. 
Consideration of the needs of all stakeholders is fundamental to the way the Group operates, as is maintaining the highest standards of business conduct, which along with ensuring delivery for customers is a vital part of the corporate culture. The Group’s approach is further influenced by the need to build a culture in which everyone feels included, empowered and inspired to do the right thing for customers. To this end, the Board plays a lead role in establishing, promoting and monitoring the company’s corporate culture and values, with the Corporate Governance Framework ensuring such matters receive the level of prominence in Board and Executive decision making which they require. The Group’s corporate culture and values closely align to those of LBG, which are discussed in more detail on page 74 of the LBG annual report and accounts for 2019. 
Principle Two – Board Composition 
The Group is led by a Board comprising a Non-Executive Chairman, independent Non-Executive Directors and Executive Directors, further details of the directors can be found on page 3. The Board considers its composition regularly, and is committed to ensuring it has the right balance of skills and experience. The Board considers its current size and composition is appropriate to the Group's circumstances. The Board places great emphasis on ensuring its membership reflects diversity in its broadest sense, for example five out of twelve directors are women. New appointments are made on merit, taking account of the specific skills and experience, independence and knowledge needed to ensure a rounded Board and the diversity benefits each candidate can bring overall. There are a range of initiatives to help provide mentoring and development opportunities for female and BAME executives within LBG, and to ensure unbiased career progression opportunities. Progress on diversity objectives is monitored by the Board and built into its assessment of executive performance. 
The Board is supported by its committees, the operation of which is discussed below, which make recommendations to the Board on matters delegated to them, in particular in relation to internal control, risk, financial reporting and remuneration matters. Each committee has written terms of reference setting out its delegated responsibilities. Each committee comprises individuals with appropriate skills and experiences and is chaired by an experienced chairman. The committee chairs report to the Board at each Board meeting. 
The Board periodically undertakes reviews of its effectiveness, which provide an opportunity to consider ways of identifying greater efficiencies, ways to maximise strengths and highlights areas of further development. The effectiveness reviews are commissioned by the Chairman of the Board, assisted by the Company Secretary. In addition to considering the effectiveness of the Board, the effectiveness of the Board committees is also considered. The Chairman also ensures that the individual performance of individual directors is reviewed.


Principle Three – Director Responsibilities 
The Directors assume ultimate responsibility for all matters, and along with senior management are committed to maintaining a robust control framework as the foundation for the delivery of good governance, including the effective management of delegation though the Corporate Governance Framework. Policies are also in place in relation to potential conflicts of interest which may arise. The Board is supported by its committees which make recommendations on matters delegated to them under the Corporate Governance Framework. The management of all committees is in keeping with the basis on which meetings of the Board are managed, with open debate, and adequate time for members to consider proposals which are put forward. The Chairman of the Board and each Board committee assumes responsibility with support from the Company Secretary for the provision to each meeting of accurate and timely information. 
Principle Four – Opportunity and Risk 
The Board oversees the development and implementation of the Group’s strategy, within the context of the wider strategy of LBG, which includes consideration of all strategic opportunities. The Board is also responsible for the long term sustainable success of the Group, generating value for its shareholders and ensuring a positive contribution to society. The Board agrees the Group’s culture, purpose, values and strategy, within that ofLBG more widely, and 
agrees the related standards of the Group, again within the relevant standards of LBG. Further specific aims and objectives of the Board are formalised within the Corporate Governance Framework. 
Strong risk management is central to the strategy of the Group, which along with a robust risk control framework acts as the foundation for the delivery of effective management of risk. The Board agrees the Group’s risk appetite, within the wider risk appetite of LBG, and ensures the Group manages risk effectively, delegating related authorities to individuals through the Corporate Governance Framework and the further management hierarchy. Board level engagement, coupled with the direct involvement of senior management in risk issues ensures that escalated issues are promptly addressed and remediation plans are initiated where required. The Group’s risk appetite, principles, policies, procedures, controls and reporting are managed in conjunction with those of LBG, and as such are regularly reviewed to ensure they remain fully in line with regulations, law, corporate governance and industry best practice. The Group’s principle risks are discussed further on page 77. 
Principle Five – Remuneration 
The Remuneration Committee of LBG (the ‘Remuneration Committees’), assume responsibility for the Group’s approach to remuneration. This includes reviewing and making recommendations on remuneration policy as relevant to the Group, ranging from the remuneration of directors and members of the Executive to that of all other colleagues employed by the Group. This includes colleagues where the regulators require the Group to implement a specific approach to their remuneration, such as Senior Managers and other material risk takers. The activities of the Remuneration Committees extend to matters of remuneration relevant to subsidiaries of the Group, where such subsidiary does not have its own remuneration committees. 
Principle Six – Stakeholders The Group as part of LBG operates under LBG’s wider Responsible Business approach, which acknowledges that the Group has a 
responsibility to help address the economic, social and environmental challenges which the UK faces, and as part of this understand the needs of the Group’s external stakeholders, including in the development and implementation of strategy. Central to this is LBG’s Helping Britain Prosper plan, in which the Group participates, which seeks to gather stakeholder views through a dedicated materiality study, as overseen by LBG’s Responsible Business Committee. In 2019, the Responsible Business Committee determined that the Group and LBG continued to demonstrate responsibility as a key priority, including keeping customers’ data safe, supporting vulnerable customers, lending responsibly, supporting businesses and working with suppliers. The approach of the Board in respect of its non colleague stakeholders is described in the separate statement made in compliance with the Regulations, on page 8.

