Corporate Governance 
In accordance with the Large and Medium-sized Companies and Group (Accounts and Reports) Regulations 2008 (as amended by the Companies (Miscellaneous Reporting) Regulations 2018) (the 'Regulations'), for the year ended 31 December 2019, the Company has in its corporate governance arrangements applied the Wates Corporate Governance Principles for Large Private Companies (the 'Principles'). The following section explains the Company's approach to corporate governance, and its application of the Principles. 
Fundamental to the Company's strategy are high standards of corporate governance. A Corporate Governance Framework is in place for Lloyds Banking Group of companies, of which the Company is a part. The framework is designed to meet the specific needs of each company, setting the wider approach and applicable standards in respect of the Company's corporate governance practices, including addressing the matters set out in the Principles and the governance requirements of the operation of the Company as part of Lloyds Banking Group's Ring Fenced Bank. 
This includes the matters reserved to the Board, and the matters the Board has chosen to delegate to management, including decision making on operational matters such as those relating to credit, liquidity and the day to day management of risk. Governance arrangements, including the Corporate Governance Framework, are reviewed at least annually to ensure they remain fit for purpose. The Corporate Governance Framework of the Company further addresses the requirements of the Principles as follows. 
Principle One - Pumose and Leadership 
The Board is collectively responsible for the long term success of the Company. It achieves this by agreeing the Company's strategy, within the wider strategy ofLBG, and overseeing delivery against it. 
Consideration of the needs of all stakeholders is fundamental to the way the Company operates, as is maintaining the highest standards of business conduct, which along with ensuring delivery for customers is a vital part of the corporate culture. The Company's corporate culture and values closely align to those ofLBG, which are discussed in more detail in the LBG annual report and accounts for 2019. 
Principle Two - Board Composition 
The Company is led by a Board comprising Executive Directors, further details of the directors can be found on page 3. The Board considers its composition, and is committed to ensuring it has the right balance of skills and experience. The Board considers its current size and composition is appropriate to the Company's circumstances. New appointments are made on merit, taking account of the specific skills and experience, independence and knowledge needed to ensure a rounded Board and the diversity benefits each candidate can bring overall.


Principle Three - Director Responsibilities 
The Directors assume ultimate responsibility for all matters, and along with senior management are committed to maintaining a robust control framework as the foundation for the delivery of good governance, including the effective management of delegation though the Corporate Governance Framework. Policies are also in place in relation to potential conflicts of interest which may arise. 
The Board is managed, with open debate, and adequate time for members to consider proposals which are put forward. The Board assumes responsibility with support from the Company Secretary for the provision to each meeting of accurate and timely information. 
Principle Four - Opportunity and Risk 
The Board oversees the development and implementation of the Company's strategy, within the context of the wider strategy ofLBG, which includes consideration of all strategic opportunities when required. 
The Board is also responsible for the long term sustainable success of the Company, generating value for its shareholders and ensuring a positive contribution to society. Further specific aims and objectives of the Board are formalised within the Corporate Governance Framework. 
Strong risk management is central to the strategy of the Company, which along with a robust risk control framework acts as the foundation for the delivery of effective management of risk. The Company's risk appetite, principles, policies, procedures, controls and reporting are managed in conjunction with those of LBG, and as such are regularly reviewed to ensure they remain fully in line with regulations, law, corporate governance and industry best practice. The Company's principle risks are discussed further on pages 37-41 in note 19. 
Principle Five - Remuneration 
The Remuneration Committee of LBG (the 'Remuneration Committee'), assumes responsibility for the Company's approach to remuneration. This includes reviewing and making recommendations on remuneration policy as relevant to the Company, ranging from the remuneration of directors and members of the Executive to that of all other colleagues employed by the Company. This includes colleagues where the regulators require the Company to implement a specific approach to their remuneration, such as Senior Managers and other material risk takers. The activities of the Remuneration Committees extend to matters of remuneration relevant to subsidiaries of the Company, where such subsidiary does not have its own remuneration committee. 
Principle Six - Stakeholders 
The Company as part ofLBG operates under LBG's wider Responsible Business approach, which acknowledges that the Company has a responsibility to help address the economic, social and environmental challenges which the UK faces, and as part of this understand the needs of the Company's external stakeholders, including in the development and implementation of strategy. Central to this is LBG's Helping Britain Prosper plan, in which the Company participates, which seeks to gather stakeholder views through a dedicated materiality study, as overseen by LBG's Responsible Business Committee. 
In 2019, the Responsible Business Committee determined that the Company and LBG continued to demonstrate responsibility as a key priority, including keeping customers' data safe, supporting vulnerable customers, lending responsibly, supporting businesses and working with suppliers. The approach of the Board in respect of its non colleague stakeholders is described in the separate statement made in compliance with the Regulations, on pages 5 and 6.

