Wates Princlples 1. Purpose and leadership An effective Board develops and promotes the purpose of a company, and ensures that its values, strategy and culture align with that purpose. 
2. Board composition Effective Board composition requires an effective chair and a balance of skills, backgrounds, experience and knowledge, with individual directors having sufficient capacity to make a valuable contribution. The size of a Board should be guided by the scale and complexity of the company. 
3. Director responsibilities The Board and individual directors should have a clear understanding of their accountability and responsibilities. The Board's policies and procedures should support effective decision-making and independent challenge. 
4. Opportunity and risk A Board should promote the long-term sustainable success of the company by identifying opportunities to create and preserve value, establishing oversight for the identification and mitigation of risks. 
5. Remuneration A Board should promote executive remuneration structures aligned to the long-term sustainable success of a company, considering pay and conditions elsewhere in the company. 
6. Stakeholder relationships and engagement Directors should foster effective stakeholder relationships aligned to the company's purpose. The Board is responsible for overseeing meaningful engagement with stakeholders, including the workforce, and having regard to their views when taking decisions. 
Corporate Governance During the year ended 31 March 2020, the Company has applied the Wates Corporate Governance Principles for Large Private Companies (Wates Principles) as part of its wider Corporate Governance Requirements. The Wates Principles are published by the Financial Reporting Council ('FRC') and available on the FRC website. In this Directors' Report, we describe how we have applied the Wates Principles in line with its 'comply or explain' model and confirm full compliance with its principles for the reporting year ended 31 March 2020.


Principle 1 - Purpose and leadership The focus for the Board and Executive Committee during the year has been the development of the five-year business plan. A copy of our Business plan can be found at www.sgnfuture.co.uk This has given the Board the opportunity to refine and revalidate the Company purpose, vision and strategy with stakeholders through extensive engagement and consultation. 
The Company's vision is to own heat and lead the way in low carbon energy delivery by making gas green. Its purpose: to keep everyone safe and warm; and strategy to deliver long term value for existing and future customers, stakeholders and shareholders. A strategy, based on strong financial management, and a governance framework underpinned by our detailed business plan and strategic priorities: 
1. Safe and efficient - We will deliver a safe and efficient service by acting safely, keeping the gas flowing and keeping costs down. 
2. 4. 
Positive impact - We will make a positive impact on society, by supporting vulnerable communities and providing excellent service. 
3. Shared future - We will build a shared net-zero future by accelerating decarbonised energy solutions and minimising our environmental impact. 
Creating value - We will create value by accelerating commercial opportunities which complement the core; maximise the value from our existing asset base; invest in opportunities for the sustainability of our network and keep the Company at the forefront of the delivery of heat. 
This purpose, vision and strategy consistently applies across the company to provide clear leadership and focus. It is through this approach we guide the organisation's strategy, decisions, processes and culture. 
Communicated to our workforce through the annual leadership conference, a series of 'get fit for the future' roadshows and workshops where employees have been encouraged to contribute ideas as to how the company can practically deliver our business plan. 
Principle 2 - Board composition The Board comprises of eight Non-Executive Directors, including a separate Chairman to the Chief Executive, to ensure that the balance of responsibilities, accountabilities and decision making across the Group are effectively maintained. The Chief Executive, Chief Financial Officer and the Group Company Secretary attend each Board meeting. Two Independent Non-Executive Directors also sit on the Company Board. 
The size and composition of the Board is appropriate to meet the strategic needs and challenges of the Company whilst still enabling effective decision-making. 
Directors update their skills, knowledge and familiarity with the Company by meeting with senior management, visiting operations (such as visits to operational sites, depots and offices) and by attending appropriate seminars and training courses. There is an induction programme for all new Directors that is tailored to their specific experience and knowledge and which provides access to all parts of the business. 
We consider that there is an appropriate combination of skills, backgrounds, experience and knowledge that promotes accountability. There is also good diversity but acknowledge further improvements can be made. The Board is committed to developing a more diverse and inclusive workforce including the most senior levels and Board level appointments.


The Board last undertook a formal effectiveness review in 2018 and has scheduled the next review for 2020. 
Principle 3 - Director responsibilities The Board's role is to promote the long-term success of the Company through the setting of a clear purpose, vision and sustainable strategy which creates value for existing and future customers, stakeholders and shareholders. 
Principle 4 - Opportunity and risk Opportunities are identified through several sources including the Executive Committee and through employee and stakeholder engagement. During development of the business plan and a Board strategy session held during the year, the Board approved the strategic priorities which now underpin the Company's strategy to deliver long term value for its existing and future customers, stakeholder and shareholders. 
A Board priority setting exercise was also completed during the year to forward plan the Board programme ensuring a balance of steering and supervisory items to help review, amongst other things, opportunities and risk to preserve value for the long-term sustainable success of the Company. 
The company's risk management framework and key strategic risks and mitigations are outlined in the strategic report. 
Principle 5 - Remuneration The primary objective is to set remuneration at a level that will enhance the Company's· resources by securing and retaining quality people who can deliver the Company's strategic priorities and long-term value for its existing and future customers, stakeholder and shareholders. 
The People and Reward Committee (PARCO) has clearly defined terms of reference and is responsible for independently reviewing and constructively challenging remuneration, talent and succession at an Executive Committee level, whilst also having oversight of the wider group remuneration strategy to ensure consistency in approach. 
The Board retains overall accountability for determining remuneration policies. 
In 2019, the Board (following a recommendation from PARCO) agreed changes to the long-term incentive plan to align these against the strategic priorities to ensure a better alignment to support delivering what matters to stakeholders. 
Principle 6 - Stakeholder engagement and remuneration The Board is committed to social responsibility, community engagement and environmental sustainability as underpinned by our strategic priorities. 
During the year the Company has developed these priorities. Throughout this process, the Board listened extensively to customers and stakeholders to create the plan; with 23,000 high quality individual engagements and more than one million people reached online. 
The plan is built on this feedback which includes consideration of how the Group's activities may impact both current and future stakeholders and is brought to life by our strategic priorities that run throughout our plan and underpin all our proposals. 
This year we completed an employee engagement survey. The Board considers the results of all employee engagement surveys a good barometer of the workforce's confidence in the Company's strategic direction, optimism in the future and career opportunities.
