Corporate Governance 
The Company is part of the Kingfisher Group, which operates under both the 2018 UK Corporate Governance Code and The Companies (Miscellaneous Reporting) Regulations 2018. The Company's different governance functions feeds into the corresponding group function for each of these. More information on how the Group applies these codes can be found in the Kingfisher 2019/20 annual report (pages 50 - 57). 
As a stand alone entity, the Company is not bound by any corporate governance code, although it have always sought to run its corporate affairs as closely as possible to best practice. Board policy is to seek to comply with the recently introduced UK code for large private companies, the Wates Corporate Governance Principles (the Wates Principles), and to report to shareholders on that basis. Overall, the Board is satisfied that the Group is aligned with the Wates Principles. These are as follows: 
Purpose and leadershlp 
An effective board develops and promotes the purpose of a company, and ensures that its values, strategy and culture align with that purpose. 
The Company's purpose is to help its customers get the job done quickly, affordably and right first time, as well as to uphold the wider values of the group. All decisions that the board make are in pursuit of this purpose.


Board composition and Directors' responsibilities Effective board composition requires a balance of skills, backgrounds, experience and knowledge, with individual directors having sufficient capacity to make a valuable contribution. The size of a board should be guided by the scale and complexity of the company. 
The board and individual directors should have a clear understanding of their accountability and responsibilities. The board's policies and procedures should support effective decision-making and independent challenge. 
Each of the Company's Directors has their own area of expertise, and area of responsibility, requiring different experience and in depth knowledge. When a new board member is introduced, their skills, experience and knowledge are all considered when ensuring that they are an appropriate addition to the board and for the specific area they are to lead. 
Opportunity and risk 
A board should promote the long-term sustainable success of the company by identifying opportunities to create and preserve value, and establishing oversight for the identification and mitigation of risks. 
During the year, the board made a number of decisions with these considerations is mind. These included the closure of the Germany branch and the decision to start trading in Ireland through a subsidiary company. Further decisions were made after the financial year in relation to mitigating the risks from Covid-19 (which are discussed extensively elsewhere). 
Remuneration 
A board should promote executive remuneration structures aligned to the long-term sustainable success of a company, taking into account pay and conditions elsewhere in the company. 
The Boards remuneration is determined at a Group level. Bonus targets and payments are aligned with the Group's values and reflect both group and Company performance. The Directors' remuneration is disclosed in note 7. 
Stakeholder relationships and engagements Directors should foster effective stakeholder relationships aligned to the Company's purpose. The board is responsible for overseeing meaningful engagement with stakeholders, including the workforce, and having regard to their views when taking decisions.
