Corporate Governance Arrangements 
As required under the Companies (Miscellaneous Reporting) Regulations 2018, this section of the Directors Report describes the corporate governance arrangements of the Company during the financial year. 
The Directors confirm that the Company has applied all of the Principles set out in the Wates Corporate Governance Principles for Large Private Companies 2018, a copy of which is available at www.frc.org.uk. 
1. Purpose and Leadership 
The Board of the Company is collectively responsible for promoting the success of the Company and ensuring that its values, strategy and culture align with that purpose. The purpose of the Company is set out on page 2 of these accounts, and the values, strategy and culture of the Company are aligned with that of the Company's ultimate parent company, Serco Group pie. Further information concerning the values, strategy and culture of the Group are provided in the 2019 Serco Group pie Annual Report and Accounts. 
2. Board Composition 
The Board of the Company's ultimate parent company, Serco Group pie, has delegated responsibility to the Executive Committee ofSerco Group pie to ensure the effective direction and control of the business. 
The Executive Committee has approved internal guidelines for the constitution of subsidiary boards which take into consideration the value and strategic importance of the contracts which operate through each subsidiary and the level of oversight required. This ensures that the Board of the Company is of an appropriate size and structure, and has an appropriate combination of skills, experience and knowledge to promote accountability and to provide constructive challenge to achieve effective decision making, and that the level of understanding is relevant to the Company's business needs and stakeholder interests. 
The Board of Serco Group pie is committed to improving gender and ethnic diversity on the Serco Group pie Board and in the senior management population within the Group from which appointments to the Board of the Company are selected, and further details of how the Serco Group pie Board Diversity Policy is reviewed and assessed can be found on page 119 of the 2019 Serco Group pie Annual Report and Accounts. 
Details of how the Board of the Company are supported in continued investment in personal and professional development is provided on page 81 of the 2019 Serco Group pie Annual Report and Accounts. 
3. Director Responsibilities 
The internal affairs of the Company are governed by the management framework of its ultimate parent company, Serco Group pie, (the Serco Management System ('SMS')). The SMS ensures clear levels of accountability and governance through policies, standards and procedures concerning: • Business Conduct and Ethics • Business Continuity and Crisis Management • Business Development • Finance
Governance • Health, Safety and Environment • Information Integrity • Information Technology • Operations • People • Procurement and Supply Chain • Risk Management Security 
The policy statements can be found on the Serco Group pie website, www.serco.com. 
4. Opportunity and Risk 
The SMS includes polices, standards and procedures to identity future opportunities for innovation and entrepreneurship, and to ensure that business development is managed through organisational structures with clearly defined responsibilities and decision points. A specific procedure describes reserved powers and delegated powers of authority that apply within the Serco Group and its subsidiaries, including processes for approval of business opportunities of a certain value. 
The Company leverages the risk management processes of its ultimate parent company, Serco Group pie, see pages 3 to 19 of this Annual Report for further details. 
5. Remuneration 
Remuneration structures for the Board of the Company are set in accordance with People policies contained in the SMS of the Group. The Board of the Company does not receive any additional remuneration in connection with their appointment to the Board, and remuneration and benefits are set so as to be appropriate to attract, retain and motivate, taking into account: 
(a) (b) (c) (d) 
market competitiveness in base salary and benefits any local legislation regarding fairness and equality the scope and scale of the role 
individual perfonnance and potential, as well as 
(f) business affordability. Variable remuneration seeks to recognise performance against pre-determined goals aligned to the business strategy, and rewards contributions to core values. The Group has a structured Performance and Development Review process for managing effective performance and development, aligned to behaviours, purpose, values and strategy which feeds into remuneration decisions as appropriate.


6. Stakeholder Relationships and Engagement The Company leverages the Environmental, Social and Governance agenda of its ultimate parent company, Serco Group pie, which is driven by the Corporate Responsibility Framework of the Group. Further information is available on the Serco Group pie website, wwww.serco.com. 
The SMS includes workforce policies and procedures for reporting concerns regarding violations of Group values, policies or the Group Code of Conduct. 
The Board of the Company is responsible for overseeing meaningful engagement with stakeholders, including the workforce, and must have regard to their views when taking decisions. The ways in which interests of stakeholders have been considered and the manner in which engagement is achieved is set out on pages 22 to 28.
