SGN MIDCO LIMITED March 2020conv

Wates Principles 1. Purpose and leadership An effective Board develops and promotes the purpose of a company, and ensures that its values, strategy and culture align with that purpose. 
2. Board composition Effective Board composition requires an effective chair and a balance of skills, backgrounds, experience and knowledge, with individual directors having sufficient capacity to make a valuable contribution. The size of a Board should be guided by the scale and complexity of the company. 
3. Director responsibilities The Board and individual directors should have a clear understanding of their accountability and responsibilities. The Board's policies and procedures should support effective decision-making and independent challenge. 
4. Opportunity and risk A Board should promote the long-term sustainable success of the company by identifying opportunities to create and preserve value, establishing oversight for the identification and mitigation of risks. 
5. Remuneration A Board should promote executive remuneration structures aligned to the long-term sustainable success of a company, considering pay and conditions elsewhere in the company. 
6. Stakeholder relationships and engagement Directors should foster effective stakeholder relationships aligned to the company's purpose. The Board is responsible for overseeing meaningful engagement with stakeholders, including the workforce, and having regard to their views when taking decisions. 
Corporate Governance During the year ended 31 March 2020, the Group has applied the Wates Corporate Governance Principles for Large Private Companies (Wates Principles) as part of its wider Corporate Governance Requirements. The Wates Principles are published by the Financial Reporting Council ('FRC') and available on the FRC website. In this Directors' Report, we describe how we have applied the Wates Principles in line with its 'comply or explain' model and confirm full compliance with its principles for the reporting year ended 31 March 2020. 
Principle 1 - Purpose and leadership The focus for the Board and Executive Committee ·during the year has been the development of the five-year business plan. A copy of our Business plan can be found at www.sgnfuture.co.uk This has given the Board the opportunity to refine and revalidate the Group purpose, vision and strategy with stakeholders through extensive engagement and consultation. 
The Group's vision is to own heat and lead the way in low carbon energy delivery by making gas green. Its purpose: to keep everyone safe and warm; and strategy to deliver long term value for existing and future customers, stakeholders and shareholders. A strategy, based on strong financial management, and a governance framework underpinned by our detailed business plan and strategic priorities:


1. Safe and efficient - We will deliver a safe and efficient service by acting safely, keeping the gas flowing and keeping costs down. 
2. 4. 
Positive impact - We will make a positive impact on society, by supporting vulnerable communities and providing excellent service. 
3. Shared future - We will build a shared net-zero future by accelerating decarbonised energy solutions and minimising our environmental impact. 
Creating value - We will create value by accelerating commercial opportunities which complement the core; maximise the value from our existing asset base; invest in opportunities for the sustainability of our network and keep the Company at the forefront of the delivery of heat. 
This purpose, vision and strategy consistently applies across the company to provide clear leadership and focus. It is through this approach we guide the organisation's strategy, decisions, processes and culture. 
Communicated to our workforce through the annual leadership conference, a series of 'get fit for the future' roadshows and workshops where employees have been encouraged to contribute ideas as to how the company can practically deliver our business plan. 
Principle 2 - Board composition The Board comprises of eight Non-Executive Directors, including a separate Chairman to the Chief Executive, to ensure that the balance of responsibilities, accountabilities and decision making across the Group are effectively maintained. The Chief Executive, Chief Financial Officer and the Group Company Secretary attend each Board meeting. Two Independent Non-Executive Directors also sit on the Board's of Southern Gan Networks pie and Scotland Gas Networks pie. 
The size and composition of the Board is appropriate to meet the strategic needs and challenges of the Group whilst still enabling-effective decision-making. 
Directors update their skills, knowledge and familiarity with the Group by meeting with senior management, visiting operations (such as visits to operational sites, depots and offices) and by attending appropriate seminars and training courses. There is an induction programme for all new Directors that is tailored to their specific experience and knowledge and which provides access to all parts of the business. 
We consider that there is an appropriate combination of skills, backgrounds, experience and knowledge that promotes accountability. There is also good diversity but acknowledge further improvements can be made. The Board is committed to developing a more diverse and inclusive workforce including the most senior levels and Board level appointments. 
The Board last undertook a formal effectiveness review in 2018 and has scheduled the next review for 2020. 
Principle 3 - Director responsibilities The Board's role is to promote the long-term success of the Group through the setting of a clear purpose, vision and sustainable strategy which creates value for existing and future customers, stakeholders and shareholders. 
Principle 4 - Opportunity and risk Opportunities are identified through several sources including the Executive Committee and through employee and stakeholder engagement. During development of the business plan and a Board strategy session held during the year, the Board approved the strategic priorities which now underpin the Group's strategy to deliver long term value for its existing and future customers, stakeholder and shareholders.


A Board priority setting exercise was also completed during the year to forward plan the Board programme ensuring a balance of steering and supervisory items to help review, amongst other things, opportunities and risk to preserve value for the long-term sustainable success of the Group. 
The Group's risk management framework and key strategic risks and mitigations are outlined in the strategic report. 
Principle 5 - Remuneration The primary objective is to set remuneration at a level that will enhance the Group's resources by securing and retaining quality people who can deliver the Group's strategic priorities and long-term value for its existing and future customers, stakeholder and shareholders. 
The People and Reward Committee (PARCO) has clearly defined terms of reference and is responsible with independently reviewing and constructively challenging remuneration, talent and succession at an Executive Committee level, whilst also having oversight of the wider group remuneration strategy to ensure consistency in approach. 
The Board retains overall accountability for determining remuneration policies. 
In 2019, the Board (following a recommendation from PARCO) agreed changes to the long-term incentive plan to align these against the strategic priorities to ensure a better alignment to support delivering what matters to stakeholders. 
Principle 6 - Stakeholder engagement and remuneration The Board is committed to social responsibility, community engagement and environmental sustainability as underpinned by our strategic priorities. 
During the year the Group has developed these priorities. Throughout this process, the Board listened extensively to customers and stakeholders to create the plan; with 23,000 high quality individual engagements and more than one million people reached online. 
The plan is built on this feedback which includes consideration of how the Group's activities may impact both current and future stakeholders and is brought to life by our strategic priorities that run throughout our plan and underpin all our proposals. 
This year we completed an employee engagement survey. The Board considers the results of all employee engagement surveys a good barometer of the workforce's confidence in the Group's strategic direction, optimism in the future and career opportunities. 
We also maintain strong relationships with our trade unions and have a regular dialogue to ensure engagement more widely across our workforce.


Board of Directors The Board of Directors is comprised entirely of non-executive Directors, including two independent non-executive Directors, and is the principal decision making forum for the Company. Directors are nominated to the Board in accordance with the terms of the Shareholders' and Governance Agreement. 
The Board is collectively responsible for the long-term success of the Company and for setting of a clear purpose, vision and sustainable strategy which creates value for existing and future customers, stakeholders and shareholders. It provides the leadership necessary for the Company to meet its business objectives while ensuring a sound system of internal control and risk management is in place. The powers and the duties of the Directors are determined by legislation and by the Company's Articles of Association.


The non-executive Directors scrutinise, measure and review the performance of management; constructively challenge and assist in the development of strategy; review the Company financial information; and ensure systems of internal control and risk management are appropriate and effective. 
Chairman Gregor Alexander was re-appointed as Chairman on 18 July 2018. 
Board Committees During the year the Group Board was directly assisted in the discharge of its duties by five Board Committees, whose remit, authority and composition are monitored to ensure continued and appropriate Board support. From 1 April 2020 onwards, a new Committee has been established for the purposes of ensuring the Company has due regard to stakeholder, environment and customer interests (Stakeholder, Environment and Customer Committee). 
The Committees operate at a Group level and support all companies within the Group, relevant matters for subsidiaries will be considered by the Board Committees before being raised at the Company, and where appropriate the Group, Board. 
Each of the Board Committees provides dedicated focus to a defined area of responsibility. Board Committees act as an advisory body, with the Board retaining oversight and final decision making, except where otherwise delegated by the Board in which case the Committee will act within their agreed authority. 
Board Committee membership is determined by the Board. Prior to determining membership, the Board will consider the subject matter of the Committee's work to ensure that the membership addresses its specific needs. Membership will assess technical skills, knowledge and experience whilst recognising the benefits associated with diversity. Each Board Committee is chaired by a Non-Executive Director. 
Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer Below the Board, executive responsibility rests with John Morea, Chief Executive Officer (CEO) and Mick Carmedy, Chief Financial Officer (CFO). The CEO and CFO are each employed by the Group and are not Directors of the Company although attend each Board meeting. They are supported by the Executive Committee. 
Executive Committee Day-to-day management of the Company is delegated to the Executive Committee which meets monthly and is chaired by the Chief Executive and whose membership includes the Chief Financial Officer and leaders of each business unit. The Executive Committee is in turn supported by its own operational and assurance framework.


Board and Executive Reporting To ensure that all decision making is well-informed, transparent and balanced, careful consideration is given to information provision and flows within the governance framework. During the year the Group Company Secretary worked with Board Intelligence Limited to review the end to end board and Executive Committee reporting cycle and implemented changes to further support the timely provision of high-quality information and promote effective decision making. This exercise involved developing best practice templates to guide authors and help the Board focus on what matters (including a check against section 172 duties); online training to equip authors to write high quality papers; and a company dashboard to display key performance data and rapid insights on the overall health of the Company. Board information is distributed digitally, instantly and securely via the Board Intelligence platform once available. 
The Group Company Secretary is responsible to the Board for the timeliness and quality of information. All Directors have access to the advice and services of the Group Company Secretary. 
Conflicts of interest With effect from 1 October 2008, the Companies Act 2006 has introduced a statutory duty on Directors to avoid conflicts of interest. During the year, the Group Company Secretary formally reviewed all the Directors' reported actual and potential conflicts of interest and the Board then considered and recorded each Director's reported actual and potential conflicts of interest. 
In addition, conflicts of interest and governance are included as a standing agenda items for every Board Meeting. The Group Company Secretary periodically reviews the Board protocols and governance framework to confirm that they remain fit for purpose and considers any initiatives which could strengthen the governance of the company and decision making. 
Shareholders SGN has four supportive shareholders. They oversee the three regulated operating companies in Scotland, southern England and Northern Ireland as well as the holding company and a number of unregulated operating companies. The Board interfaces with the shareholder members on a regular basis and always acts fairly as between members of the company. 
Board Meetings There were six scheduled meetings of the Board in the year in line with the agreed plan of business for the year, and details of Director attendance can be found within their individual biographies. 
In the months between full Board meetings, a Board update call provides the opportunity to discuss key business developments, and emerging issues and opportunities, with arrangements also in place should a Board decision or approval be required outside of the above times. In total there were six of Board meetings and calls during the year. 
Scheduled meetings of the Board follow an agreed format, with agendas being developed from the Board's annual plan of business and tailored to reflect the current status of projects, strategic workstreams and the overarching operating context. Finalisation of meeting content is a collaborative process involving the Chair, Chief Executive, Chief Financial Officer and the Group Company Secretary, who ensure adequate time is allocated to support effective and constructive discussion. 
Board engagement out of the Boardroom The Board also ensures it spends time out of the Boardroom with stakeholders. During the Year, the Board attended offices, depots and undertook various site safety visits to meet with our workforce to understand their views and also met with key stakeholders at Ofgem and in government.


Board activity The Board splits its time between steering the organisation and supervising it across strategy, performance, and governance short, medium and long term which is discussed at every Board meeting. With Board input, the Group Company Secretary has developed a focused set of priorities for the Board for the year. The aim of developing priorities is to ensure the right items come to the Board at the right frequency to help focus on the issues that matter most to the Company and ensure meeting time is used effectively. The supporting board papers for each agenda item focusing on answering the key questions on the Board's mind. 
In line with the Board's responsibility for the overall strategic direction of the Company, strategy related issues are discussed at every Board meeting. 
During the year the Board spent a considerable time considering its strategy over next five years as part of the ongoing RIIO-GD2 Business Plan process. Throughout this process, the Board listened extensively to customers and stakeholders; with 23,000 high quality individual engagements and more than one million people reached online. The Business Plan is built on this feedback, which includes consideration of how a Company's activities may impact both current and future stakeholders ensuring that the expectations of stakeholders in respect of the Company's economic, social and environmental impacts are integrated within, and consistent with, strategic priorities and matters relating to the employment, retention and development of the skilled and talented people on which the successful execution of the Company's strategy depends. 
As part of this, the Board has overseen a number of other strategy-related analyses, including, but not limited to: a review of the Company's pathway to the decarbonisation of heat, covering relevant trends in policy, technology, customer and stakeholder expectations; the Company's long-term financial outlook; assessment and prioritisation of growth opportunities; and a review of the Company's key risks. 
Further details of the areas which have shaped the Board agendas during 2019/20 are set out below, together with an overview of how these link to our strategic priorities, Company risks, Wates principles and stakeholder groups.
