CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT INTRODUCTION 
For the entirety of the financial year,Sinochern Intematipnal Oil (London) Co., Limited (the "Company") is privately owned. The company has adopted the Wates Corporate Governance Principles for Large Private Companies (published by the Financial Reporting Council ('FRC') in December 2018. 
The Company has carefully considered how to apply ~eh principle to the extent that the board judges these to be appropriate for the company and has applied the 6 principles set out on the report as follows: 
I. Purpose and Leadership 
The Company is part of the Sinochem Group, a leading integrated operator in the oil and chemical industry. As a market-oriented global conglomerate, Sinochem Group's quality products and services are relevant to many aspects of the mass economy and people's well-being. The SINOCHEM brand is highly prestigious in China and the rest of the world. 
Sinochem Group has established five Strategic Business Units (SBU), namely Energy, Chemicals, Agriculture, Real Estate and Finance. The Company forms part of the Energy Business Unit. Sinochem Group has laid do\\11 a solid foundation in the petroleum sector with unswerving efforts during the past seven decades. By fully leveraging advantages in resources, channels and operations both at home and abroad, we stood out as a back bone supplier of oil and gas resources. Over the last two decades the Company has consolidated its advantages in international oil trade, which has been reflected by yielding positive results year on year as stated in the business review of (the Company's] Strategic Report. Sinochem Group is among the earliest Chinese enterprises on the Fortune Global 500 list and has 29 appearances in total, ranking 88th in 2019. As well as this, it has been honoured as Fortune's World's Most Admired Companies for two consecutive years. 
The mission statements of Sinochem Group are as follows: Our Values: In Science We Trust; Our Vision: To become an industry leader and a respectable company in oil trading; 
Our mission: to innovate and grow, to pursue excellent management, to provide first-class products and services; to deliver the highest value for our customers, shareholders and employees and to promote the sustainable development of our society. 
Members of the board maintain a visible presence in the Company, promoting a long-term ethos, inclusion, diversity, community engagement, social responsibility, and environmental sustainability 
2. Board Composition 
The Board currently comprises on three directors. All are with vast previous experience operating within the energy industry over 15 to 25 years. This size and composition is appropriate to our large yet focused business. We acknowledge that there is a scope for more diversity on the Board and recognise that this is a challenge across the business sector as a whole. We are committed to making the company an ever-more inclusive environment, thereby fostering a more diverse workforce.


The Chairman leads the Board and is responsible for ensuring its effectiveness in all aspects of its roles. The Chairman promotes a culture of openness and debate, in particular by ensuring the board members provide constructive challenge and support to each other. Directors who have been appointed to the Company have been chosen because of the skills and experience that they offer. The Board continually strives to ensure that it has the right balance of knowledge, skills, experience and contacts across the sectors in which_ it operates. This is evaluated in line with the Company's business model as it changes. It is of primary importance that the.Board'.s knowledge is kept up to date in a.rapidly changing marketplace. This is achieved by maintaining a broad network of contacts across the industry and ensuring regular dialogue is held and feedback obtained by all members of the Board as appropriate. As necessary directors receive externally provided refresher and update training specific to their individual roles. 
In terms of a nomination committee, remuneration committee and audit committee, it is not currently feasible for the Company to set up such specialized committees under the Board, given the size of the Board. The Board itself is responsible for all these responsibilities. All directors have access to the advice and services of the Company's Company Secretary and may, if they wish, take professional advice at the Company's expense. 
3. Director responsibilities 
Accountability: Good governance supports open and fair business, ensures that the Company has the right safeguards in place and makes certain that every decision it takes is underpinned by the right considerations. Whilst Board oversight is always maintained, key decisions are made by the individuals with the most appropriate knowledge and industry experience. Each Board member has a clear understanding of their accountability and responsibilities. 
The Board meets frequently throughout the year and the Board members are in frequent contact between meetings. The Board is responsible for the overall strategy, reviewing trading performance, formulating policy on key areas of the business of the Company. · 
Integrity of information: The Board receives regular and timely information on all key aspects of the business including health and safety, risks and opportunities, the financial performance of the business, strategy, operational matters, market conditions and sustainability, all supported by Key Performance Indicators (KPls). The Company's finance function is appropriately qualified to ensure the integrity of this information and is provided with the necessary training to keep up to date with regulatory changes. Financial information is currently externally audited by Grunberg & Co Limited on an annual basis, and financial controls are reviewed by the Company's internal audit function. Other key infonnation is prepared by the relevant internal function. Processes for collecting data, as well as the reporting of that data, is reviewed by the Company's internal audit function. 
4. Opportunity and Risk 
The Board is responsible for determining the Company's "risk profile" and is responsible for o_verseeing and approving risk management strategy and policies, internal compliance and internal controL The Board has adopted a policy for disclosure of risk management, review procedure and internal compliance and control for the oversight of the Company's risk management and internal control systems to manage the Company's risks and ensure these risks are reported to the Board. This includes: 
(a) identifying and measuring risks that might impact upon the achievement of the Company's goals and objectives, and monitoring the environment for emerging factors and trends that affect these risks; 
(b) formulating risk management strategies to manage identified risks, and designing and implementing appropriate risk management policies and internal controls; 
(c) monitoring the performance of, and improving the effectiveness of, risk management systems and internal compliance and controls, including regular assessment of the effectiveness of risk management and internal compliance and control. Key operational risks and their management are recurring items for deliberation at Board meetings. 
5. Remuneration 
The Company ensures that there are appropriate and fair levels of remuneration with decisions taken by the Board in consideration of both the level of the individual and his personal perfonnance and to help the Company to secure and retain high quality directors, senior management and their workforce. The principal duties and responsibilities are: 
(a) Setting the remuneration for all directors based on criteria set by the Board and Sinochem Group; (b) Recommending and monitoring the level and structure of remuneration for senior management; 
(c) Approving the design ot; and detennining targets for, perfonnance related pay schemes operated by the Company and approve the total annual payments made under such schemes. 
The Company is an active equal opportunities employer and promotes an environment free from discrimination, harassment and victimisation, where everyone receives equal treatment and career development regardless of age, gender, nationality, ethnic origin, religion, marital status, sexual orientation or disability. All decisions relating to employment practices (including remuneration) are objective, free from bias and based solely upon work criteria and individual merit. 
6. Stakeholder relationships and engagement 
The Board also understands that it has a responsibility towards employees, partners, customers, suppliers and to the community and environment it operates in as a whole. Communication with and feedback from these various groups is achieved in a variety of ways. The company's total number of employees in 2019 was 22, and the employees are basically stable. Most of them have more than I O years of work experience within the Company and the wider Sinochem Group. Regular dialogue is maintained with employees through monthly updates and quarterly briefings given by the executive directors. The Company monitors its employee's _commitment to its guiding framework by asking the Board and members of senior management and all other employees to an annual declaration confinning whether they have complied with the Sinochem Group c-0mpliance code. 
The nature ofSinochem Group's business as an oil trading company means that although it has no direct effect on the working environments and communities of the companies it trades with, it nonetheless liaises with the management of its counterparts to understand their approach to stakeholder engagement and their policies, which will fonn part of its trading criteria. The Company also encourages two-way communication with its stakeholders and responds quickly to all significant queries received. The Board is committed to maintaining an open dialogue with stakeholders. Communication with stakeholders is coordinated by the executive directors. Throughout the year, the Board maintains a regular dialogue with investors, providing them with infonnation on the Company's progress.
