Statement of Corporate Governance arrangements 
For the year ended 31st December 2019, under The Companies (Miscellaneous Reporting) Regulations 2018, the UK Group has applied the Wates Corporate Governance Principles for Large Private Companies (published by the Financial Reporting Council ('FRC') in December 2018 and available on the FRC website). 
The disclosures below explain how the Group has applied these principles in the context of its corporate governance arrangements. 
Principle 1 - Purpose and Leadership 
As one of the UK's leading contractors, Skanska is an inclusive and responsible business that is helping to build for a better society. Known for major projects across the country, we are building, upgrading and maintaining the country's infrastructure. 
Drawing on our Scandinavian heritage, we are green, innovative and values-driven. We bring together people and technology, as part of our quest to make construction a safer and more collaborative industry. Purpose 
The Group's purpose and mission is to build.for a better society. What we do and how we do it contributes to a sustainable future for our people, our customers and for the communities in which we operate. We deliver our purpose through our great variety of projects and innovative, sustainable solutions. It is about what we do as well as how we do it. We lead in health and safety, ethics, green, diversity and inclusion and corporate community investment - our Sustainability areas -and we do that with our commitment, passion, and expertise. This creates greater shared value for people, for society and for Skanska. 
Values and Culture 
The Group's four core values are: care for life, act ethically & transparently, be better - together and commit to customers. Our values express our moral foundation and compass. They express who we are, how we behave and what we believe in, and help us in our day-to-day work. Values provide business benefits (p3) and living our values will make us successful. Actions that are not in line with or may jeopardise our values are not accepted. 
We strive to create value for our shareholders and have a positive impact on society. We don't believe it is about doing one or the other; it is about doing both at the same time. Profit is needed to deliver on purpose and a strong purpose will contribute to profit. Every project should both be profitable and delivered in line with the Skanska values and our ambition to be a leader within Sustainability. The Group's operations consist of construction and related activities. Operating units within these streams collaborate in various ways, creating operational and financial synergies that generate increased value. 
The Skanska Code of Conduct defines how all Skanska employees should work. The aim of the Code is to provide clear direction for everyday behavior, helping us to live our values and maintain our position as a safe, ethical and sustainable business. Our aim is to ensure all projects reflect our purpose and are not only profitable but are delivered without ethical breaches and with a transparent and inclusive culture. 
People are at the heart of our business; we aim to create an inclusive culture with an environment where employees can be themselves and be the best they can be. We offer our employees opportunities to develop and learn. The Group sets a culture based on transparency, values and high performance, with employees working together towards common goals. This culture is embedded through all senior management engagement, performance reviews, reward structures, as well as training and induction. We monitor the effectiveness of this culture and communication through staff surveys, exit interviews and feedback sessions with Directors. 
Strategy 
Our Business Plan, 'Profit with Purpose', outlines the strategic direction (p3). The aim is to increase shareholder value while working toward a more sustainable future for employees, customers and communities. This is how Skanska creates profit with purpose. The strategy is reviewed and updated as necessary, as are the policies and procedures of the Group. 
Strategic objectives The first stage of the Laser Focus Plan (p3) focused on strategic objectives in five key areas: 
Right people - Making sure we use objective, performance-based, information based on evidence when we appoint people to key project positions. This is strategically important because people in these pivotal roles take values driven decisions which significantly affect the successful delivery of projects. The key objective was to collect factual information about our projects and employees performance and then making sure we use it to drive a successful, diverse and collaborative team enabling the best opportunity to achieve "Profit with Purpose".


Design control - Design control covers everything about how we assess, manage and deal with project design. It's critically important for the success of our projects and has a significant impact on our clients and our profitability. We have recognised early collaboration on design with an open but controlled environment with our partners gives the best chance of success. This relates to all parts of a project from tender and procurement through to delivery and handover. 
Understanding and applying the deal - This is about knowing the deal, acting on that knowledge and recognising the commercial impact it has on our stakeholders as well as upon ourselves. A collaborative, no surprises environment is the goal ensuring all parties are able to achieve their objectives, be they financial or operational. 
Quality - We recognise that cost of "lack of quality" is a real burden to any Construction Business through rework of design and delivery. Therefore, this objective is about ensuring a "right first time" mentality is driven through all areas of the Business. Using recognised and professional techniques through to sharing best practice and empowering our employees to innovate is at the heart of the objective. A clear and realistic plan that can be actioned and measured is key to each part of any project. 
Forecasting and reporting - It is fundamental that reporting needs to be accurate, transparent and consistent across the Business Unit. This also allows for more accurate Forecasting, empowering the BU to be able to understand the opportunities available to it and the challenges it faces. Rollout of new project valuation systems alongside training and support for Project teams have been vital in achieving this objective. 
By focusing on the strategic objectives in these key areas in the short term increases profitability and in the long-term increases stakeholder value and sustainability. These are monitored through margins achieved on projects as well as employee appraisals and customer surveys (see below). 
In order for the Laser focus plan to be successful we need to; base our decisions on fact and realism; scrutinise effectively; learn from success and failure; address under performance and do what we say we said we would do. At their core is the Skanska culture - values driven, open and transparent, striving to be better- together. This in tum helps to advance the Group's purpose of building a better society. 
Principle 2 - Board Composition 
The board is made up of the Executive Management Team (EMT) which is led by UK President and CEO, Gregor Craig, supported by six Executive Vice Presidents. The board comprises a balance of skills, backgrounds, experience and knowledge with each individual making a valuable contribution. The average tenure of the board is eight years. 
The EMT are responsible for setting the strategic direction, values, ethics and purpose across the Group. 
The size of the board is considered sufficient for the strategic needs and challenges faced by the organisation and enables effective decision making. The board is evaluated on a regular basis by its ultimate parent company Skanska AB. Principle 3 - Director Responsibilities Accountability 
Each board member has a clear understanding of their responsibility and accountability. The corporate governance framework ensures that Skanska is managed sustainably, responsibly and efficiently on behalf of all stakeholders. The purpose of corporate governance is also to ensure oversight of the Group by the EMT and management. By having a clearly defined governance structure as well as proper policies and procedures, the board can ensure that management and employees are focused on developing the business and thereby generating shareholder value and having a positive impact on society. 
The board usually meets twice a month as an executive team and on an ad-hoe basis, as required. 
The EMT delegates authority for day-to-day management of the Group to the Senior Management Team (SMT), for which it has oversight for, made up of individuals with the most appropriate knowledge, qualifications and industry experience. The SMT comprises of members that are responsible for specific operations and functions to enable effective and efficient decision making at SMT level. The Group has a delegation of authority policy which clearly details what decisions can be delegated and to whom, including any financial limits. In some instances, Skanska HQ approval is also required where above the EMT levels of authority. 
Integrity of information 
The EMT receives regular and timely information on all key aspects of the business including Sustainability, health and safety, opportunities, risks, financial performance, strategy, operations, order bookings and other Key Performance Indicators (KPis). 
Information is reported from the Group's operational, commercial and accounting systems. The employees involved are appropriately qualified to ensure the integrity of this information and are provided with the necessary training to keep up to


date with any regulatory changes. Financial controls are regularly and routinely reviewed by the ultimate parent's internal audit function. Principle 4 - Opportunity and Risk 
The EMT promotes the long-term sustainable success of the Group by identifying opportunities to create and preserve value and establishing oversight for the identification and mitigation of risks. Opportunity 
For our construction operations, several factors have a significant bearing on the eventual outcome of the project - type and size, where it is located, how the contract and delivery approach are structured and the relationship with the customer. The Group has procedures and tools to manage risk and to deliver the Group's business plan. This platform provides a structured and efficient means of maximising profitability and achieving the business plan. It builds on the Group's fundamentals of focusing on core project types and the understanding of its customers and markets. 
As part of our laser focus plan, the goal is that every project must hit or beat tender margin, delivering an operating margin of 3% or greater. There are five work streams which have been prioritised as they will have most impact on improving our financial performance: the right people; design control; understanding and applying the deal; quality; forecasting and reporting. 
We only bid on projects in our "sweet spot" which we believe can deliver a 3%+ operating margin. In order to identify our sweet spots, we continuously monitor sectors we currently operate in from both a financial and performance perspective whilst also assessing the potential future opportunities. From time to time this evaluation protocol is also extended to new emerging sectors. The results of this process allow us to see where we can consistently make an operating margin of 3%+. Combining these elements together has given us a good understanding of the projects we should bid for. However, it is not just about what we do, but also how we do it. To make the laser focus plan a success we aim to: base our decisions on fact and realism; scrutinise effectively; learn from success and failure; address underperformance; and do what we say we will do. 
As part of this, the 'Quality of Scrutiny' programme was introduced, an initiative undertaken by the Group to further enhance our abilities in scrutinising and managing projects. In order to improve our performance and achieve a high level of operational stability, we scrutinise and revisit continuously how we work with the estimating, planning, project execution, bid selection, risk assessment, administrative and support functions. 
Risk 
The way in which risk management is dealt with across the Group is set out in the Skanska Group Enterprise Risk Management Information Policy. The enterprise risks are classified in four categories: strategic; operational; financial; and regulatory. The Group's approach to risk is governed by Skanska AB, the ultimate parent, who have identified the material risks in its operations that may, if not managed correctly, lead to errors in financial reporting and/or have an impact on the company's performance results. Skanska AB 's Group Leadership Team and its core functions are responsible for managing general risks relating to strategy, macroeconomics and regulatory frameworks, while the main tasks relating to operatiunal risks and opportunities are carried out at the local level within its individual business units 
The UK is required to carry out a business-wide enterprise risk assessment every two years, with the assessment being formally monitored by the ultimate parent in the interim year. This enables the board to monitor and assess risks at a local level and consider whether these are in line with the ultimate parent's assessed risks at a global level. The last review was carried out during 2019. The Group has subsequently ensured that they have policies and procedures in place to guarantee that these risks are managed. The principal risks for the Group are set out on page 2 of the Strategic Report. 
Resp<,msibilities 
The EMT has established an internal control framework with clearly defined roles and responsibilities for those involved. The Skanska UK policies, procedures and guidelines provide the basic rules and instructions to provide a clear structure for the business operations and they represent current best practice. 
Principle 5 - Remuneration 
At Skanska, a high-performance culture supported by appropriate remuneration and an award-winning employee development programme is critical to the delivery of individual and business objectives. This culture is driven by the alignment of clear and challenging responsibilities and ensuring that employees are aware of how their work impacts the Group. 
Skanska stands by the principle of "equal pay for equal work". Accordingly, decisions relating to remuneration are never influenced by discriminatory factors. Skanska further adopts the Grandparent Principle for any remuneration decisions. To . ensure fair and objective remuneration, any such decisions must be approved by the line manager and the line manager's manager.


The remuneration of the CEO is approved by the Skanska AB compensation committee, and external benchmarks are used in the setting of this. Remuneration of board members is approved by the CEO of Skanska AB in line with the requirements of the Skanska AB Compensation Committee. 
Salary levels for the board members take into account personal performance, market conditions, and external benchmarking. The annual bonus plan for the CEO and other board directors is based on two factors; profitability and performance against a small number of strategic measures. Targets for both areas are set annually. The annual strategic measures are aligned with the three areas of the 'Profit With Purpose' five year Business Plan - Great People, Operational Excellence, and Market Making. 
Principle 6 - Stakeholder Relationships and Engagement 
The EMT is clear that good governance and effective communication are critical to the Group's success. These factors enable us to deliver our purpose within our communities, and to protect the Group's brand, reputation and relationships with our stakeholders and ultimate parent, Skanska AB. 
Our Communities 
The Group is committed to providing a sustainable future for its people, customers and communities. The Group's work makes a clear contribution to society and the environment. We are committed to supporting the communities in which we operate, and through our structured Community Investment (Cl) framework we provide our time, skills and gifts in kind to leave a positive legacy wherever we work. Our focus is on strengthening local economies and championing education in our areas of expertise. We believe this is where we can have the greatest influence, and it directly supports our purpose to build for a better society. 
Our projects may last for several years in construction and are designed to last for many years after that. We are committed to maintaining and improving the environment on our sites and in surrounding areas. We have a team of more than 70 environment professionals who provide advice and support to our business and projects. This includes delivering on legal compliance, helping our customers to meet their own green ambitions and delivering environmental management that goes above and beyond statutory requirements. 
Stakeholder Relationships and Engagement 
The EMT promotes accountability and transparency with its internal and external stakeholders. An open and ongoing dialogue with stakeholders is a key component in day-to-day operations and long-term planning. This provides important insights regarding their needs, expectations and challenges. 
The EMT continues to seek to align the Group's strategic direction with its purpose to build for a better society as well as Skanska AB's long-term goals in health and safety, ethics, green, diversity and inclusion and corporate community investment - our Sustainability areas. The EMT are the primary communicators between the Group and its ultimate parent. 
One of the Group's core values is Commit to Customers. By better understanding our customers' needs we aim to provide innovative and industry-leading solutions. Relation.ships with our customers are most productive when we are involved in project planning at an early stage. This allows us to establish and work together towards common aims and provides the best environment for us to add value for them and for their stakeholders. We work on a variety of contracts including those in joint venture, on frameworks and in partnership, depending on the project requirements and the customer. The EMT has recently set the foundations for an initiative to become better engaged and connected with customers. This includes 'Customer Insights and Measurement' which is a structured customer satisfaction measurement programme using Net Promoter Score. 
During the year the EMT receives updates on key customers including any current or potential issues. Each member of EMT will meet regularly with clients as "being visible", open and collaborative is key to our success with our clients. Whether it is sharing best practice, discussing success on a project or resolving challenges, the success of this engagement cannot be underestimated. 
Each member is also a direct contributor to professional bodies and associations that shape and give thought leadership to our Industry. This interaction ensures the Business is always at the forefront of innovation, forward thinking debate and collaboration with all stakeholders. The impact of this engagement can be seen from policy change through to changing the mindsets about mental health within the industry. 
The Group works closely with our supply chain partners as these are essential to our success. The EMT aim to build collaborative relationships where we can work closely together with our supply chain to develop solutions that drive down costs, manage risk and improve sustainability standards. The EMT have implemented a structured relationship management and development programme, which includes the ISO44001 standard. In the wider industry, the Group is collaborating with the other main contractors in order to help deliver the UK government's Construction 2025 strategy targets - 33% lower costs, 50% faster build and 50% lower emissions - as well as support the award-winning Supply Chain Sustainability School. The School now has 40,000 members and 100 clients, main contractors and tier one supply chain upskilling their supply chain in sustainability competence.


The majority of the Group's spend is with small- and medium-sized businesses, which are often close to its project sites and offices - helping to support local people and the economy. The EMT is committed to applying fair and transparent payment terms for its supply chain, supporting the national Construction Supply Chain Payment Charter and Prompt Payment Code, which demonstrates its commitment to fair payment. The EMT strongly believe that fair and transparent on-time payment is essential to good supply chain partner relationships and the delivery of successful projects. In addition, to this the Group supports several areas of its supply chain to undertake research and development. 
The Group is committed managing the wider social, environmental, and economic impacts of its operations which includes the way it engages and builds relationships with its customers and manages sustainability. The EMT is committed to protecting the environment and making a positive contribution to a more sustainable place through improving the environmental performance of all our products and services, and actively working to minimise our impact on climate change. The EMT has set the Group's aim to be the leading green developer and contractor and we continue to make progress against the five focus areas of our 2015 - 2020 environment strategy, developed in collaboration with industry groups and customers (p6). 
Investment in people is a priority for the Group, offering employees (including contractors) the opportunity to develop and learn, either within their current role or in one of the cross-Skanska schemes to build networks and improve collaboration. The EMT engage with employees in a number of ways throughout the year. Employee engagement is maintained through a variety of channels (p6) including recruitment and on-boarding platforms, company-wide conferences, roadshows, development programmes and local communication events. During Covid-19 board and employee engagement has been retained through several channels including online meetings, wellbeing surveys and live companywide updates involving a Q&A section with the CEO. 
Over the past few years, the EMT has taken steps to improve employee relations including the actual relationship between the EMT and the employees. This has been done this by launching more interactive meetings, improving financial, commercial and operational systems, expanding the range of employee benefits, encouraging more flexible working practices and supporting wellbeing initiatives. An employee engagement survey, 'Your Voice, Our Success' (YVOS), is carried out annually to provide every employee with the opportunity to give input to improve Skanska and enable an approach for understanding strengths and development areas. The EMT treats the results of the YVOS survey as an important indicator of the workforce's confidence in the Group's strategic direction. Specific feedback is requested on how employees believe EMT are performing and whether they are trustworthy and capable at leading the Business. Once again, the results of this survey demonstrated a high level of trust and belief in EMT. 
Skanska's Code of Conduct connects all parts of the Group with Skanska's values, strengthening the business. The Code of Conduct defines how all Skanska employees should work and interact with each other, customers and other stakeholders. New employees are required to corn plete Code of Conduct training on or before their first day at Skanska, with mandatory refresher for all employees at two-year intervals. Skanska employees are expected to take action, without fear ofrecourse, if they believe that there is a serious breach to the Code, for example, fraud, theft, bullying or health & safety breaches. A number of methods are available for any employee to raise any potential concerns, including anonymously via Skanska's Code of Conduct hotline. Reports are investigated by Skanska AB's Ethics Committee and summaries are published internally for all employees to read. 
The Group communicates regularly with the Trustees of its various defined benefit pension schemes, who are independent of the Group. The Trustees comprise individuals nominated by both the pension scheme members and the Group. These relationships are key to ensuring that the decisions made by both the Group and the scheme reflect the interest of all stakeholders. 
The company's website (www.skanska.co.uk), intranet and social media channels provide extensive and up-to-date news on recent developments. 
Principal decision-making 
The Group recognises the importance of engaging with stakeholders to help inform strategy and EMT decision-making. Relevant stakeholder interests, including those of employees, suppliers, customers and other stakeholders are taken into account by the EMT when decisions are made. In making decisions the EMT considers the outcomes of relevant stakeholder engagement as well as the need to maintain reputation and shareholder value.

