Corporate Governance Statement 
Governance is integral to both our Board environment and organisational culture, and is a key factor in the success of our business. Our governance framework and policies support good decision making thereby contributing to the success of our business over the long term, in the interests of our stakeholders. The Directors acknowledge the importance of a robust corporate governance framework and is committed to ensuring that effective corporate governance procedures are in place for the Company's size and complexity. 
The Company is required under the Companies (ivliscellaneous Reporting) Regulations 2018, to adopt a corporate governance code, and outline how this has been applied. The Board of Directors of the Company ("the Board") reports against the requirements of Wates Corporate Governance Principles for Large Private Companies (the "Wates Principles") as a baseline for good governance and reports on its governance processes against each principle listed below. 
Principle One - Purpose and Leadership. 
The Company abides by the mission statement of its parent, Sumitomo Mitsui Financial Group, and the Board has agreed a longterm mission specific to the Company. As a gateway to the long-term mission, the Company also releases a yearly management statement as part of our annual strategy and business plan. 
The Board is responsible for promoting the values and culture of the Company via initiatives in our ongoing Culture programme, and demonstrates a clear and consistent tone from above by modelling and promoting the desired behaviour for our staff. Members of the Board are included in a staff training video outlining the Company's Five Corporate Values, and our Executive Directors regularly get involved in Town Hall meetings where they speak directly to staff at all levels on the Company's strategy, achievements and long-term plans. 
The Board is collectively responsible for the long-term success of the Company by enforcing strategic objectives, ensuring the maintenance of a robust system of internal controls and risk management and for reviewing the overall effectiveness of the systems in place. The Board ensures the Company's mission and principles and is required to satisfy itself that these are aligned with its culture and monitors progress of the strategy with their delivery at meetings. The duties of the Board are detailed in its formal Terms of Reference which is reviewed annually. 
Principle Tivo - Board Composition. 
The Nominations Committee is responsible for assessing the composition of the Board and leading the process of appointing new directors to the Board and for succession planning. 
The Nominations Committee considers the balance of skills, experience and knowledge required in order to enhance the Board and support the Company in the execution of its strategy. 
The Board continues to focus on maintaining a well-balanced membership with the right mix who can apply their diverse business knowledge and experiences. As at the date of this report the Board is comprised of nine Directors including the two Executive Directors, two Independent Non-executive Directors and five Non-executive Directors. 
The Directors have a wealth of experience in their fields, and the Directors feel that the Board is an appropriate size given the size and industry of the business. Our Group Directors have spent many years with our parent companies, SMBC and SMBC Nikko Securities, Inc., serving in a variety of business areas and in many countries. Our Independent Directors bring an external perspective to the Board with their deep experience of Risk and Finance within the Financial Services industry, while our Executive Directors have many decades of experience within CM Ltd and in positions of oversight of our Company within our parents. The Chair of the Board ("the Chair") works closely with the Company Secretary, Human Resources and external advisors to assess the effectiveness of the Board in an annual review.


In particular, the Chair holds annual one-to-one effectiveness review meetings with each of the Directors with the aim of identifying any areas in which additional training could bring benefits. .Additionally the Board undergoes an .Annual Board Effectiveness Review which reviews in detail various aspects of the Board's makeup, competency and effectiveness of governance; based on this review, a comprehensive Director Training programme is tailored to address any gaps identified. Training is delivered to Directors from subject matter experts within our Company, as well as by external specialists. .An externally facilitated internal Board effectiveness review was undertaken during 2019. The 2019 externally facilitated internal review was conducted by PwC, where the Board members were required to review and complete a comprehensive questionnaire. The aim of the review was to assess the effectiveness of the Board, both as a collective unitary Board, and at an individual Board member level, in order to implement any actions required to become a more effective board. 
The 2019 review focused on areas such as Board composition and succession planning. The recommendations from 2019 include Board Composition, Diversity, Board appointment and succession planning. The Board is making progress on the recommendations and has to date fully implemented some of the action points. 
The Board embraces diversity and is considering how to bring about a greater balance in gender as part of succession planning; our Board also consists of a mixture of British and Japanese members, which allows us to benefit from representation from different comers of the globe. The Company's approach to diversity is set out in the Diversity Policy with a commitment to diversity in the widest sense including diversity of gender, social and ethnic backgrounds, cognitive and personal strengths, when seeking to fill vacant positions. 
Principle Three - Director Responsibilities. 
The Chair is responsible for leading the Board and the Chief Executive is responsible for the day-to-day management of the Company within the parameters of the strategy set by the Board. 
The Company has established and maintains corporate governance practices which provide clear lines of accountability and responsibility to support effective decision-making in compliance with the Senior Managers & Certification Regime. Our constitutional documents, such as our Corporate Policy Manual and our Management Responsibilities Map, set out policies and procedures relating to the authority, role and conduct of Directors. CM Ltd has decision-making committees such as the Transaction .Approval Committee and the New Policy Committee which ensure that the Company's key stakeholders have input into and decisions on the transactions we undertake, with detailed oversight of any associated risks, reputational and climate considerations, and discussions, challenges and final voting results which record the accountability and responsibility of named individuals as part of this process . 
.Additionally, our delegated authority framework ensures that decisions are taken by the right people at the right level with accountability up to the Board, and enables an appropriate level of debate, challenge and support in the decision making process. 
The Company engages closely with its parent companies, not only via informal communication managed via our dedicated Planning department but also on a formal basis through the establishment of advisory and Board Committees such as the Board Risk and Compliance Committee, the .Audit Committee, the Remuneration Committee and the Nominations Committee, all of which have clear Terms of Reference which set out the quorum for decision making in each body. The Independent Chair of the Board steers the Board in a balanced and neutral manner drawing from her experiences as Committee Chair at other companies, while the Board Conflicts of Interest Register provides a clear framework of any conflicts of interest which the Directors should be aware of when taking decisions for the benefit of CM Ltd. The Board and Board Committees receive management information from a numbC:!r of functions throughout the business, ensuring that they are able to make decisions based on timely and accurate data. 
The Board has delegated responsibility for the review of the Company's internal control systems to the Board Risk and Compliance Committee and .Audit Committee, which monitor the Group's internal control systems on an ongoing basis and reviews the annual effectiveness assessment of the Company's risk management and internal control systems. This covers all material controls including financial, operational and compliance controls and risk management systems.


Princzpk Four - Opportu11iry and n'.rk. 
The Company has ensured that it creates and preserves value in the long-term by agreeing a medium-term business plan with its shareholders, outlining the strategy, financial targets and budgets over a three-year period. The decisions taken by the Board, including activities on Brexit and LIBOR discontinuation, have ensured that the Company is able to continue to grow in a changing regulatory environment. CM Ltd recognises innovation and entrepreneurship via the annual Change, Consolidate Technology and Visualise awards ("CCTV"), where individuals and teams are nominated for recognition of solutions they have implemented which add value, maximise efficiency and improve the business overall. 
CM Ltd values the input of our dedicated staff when identifying risks and considering the most effective ways to control and mitigate issues which might arise. The Company has established and promotes whistleblowing hotlines and opportunities to speak up and raise issues, comments or suggestions to management. Our Risk Committees and Steering Committees at the Board and Executive levels constitute a robust risk management framework, supported by other large-scale risk management processes such as the Internal Capital Adequacy Assessment Process ("IC.AAP") and Individual Liquidity Adequacy Asessment ("IL.AA"). There is also shareholder presence at the Board Risk and Compliance Committee to ensure that the Company's shareholders are aware of the risks that the Company is facing and the mitigating actions that the Company is taking. 
Principle Five - Remu11eratio11. 
The Board has established a clear policy on the transparency of remuneration structures; further, the levels of remuneration for Directors and senior management considers the broader operating context of the company, including the pay and conditions of the wider workforce. In particular, the Board and the Remuneration Committee maintain close oversight of Conduct linkage to remuneration and examine figures around the Gender Pay Gap at all levels of the organisation. 
Principk Six - Stakeholders. 
Please refer to our sl 72 Statement below for a comprehensive view of how CM Ltd has identified and engaged with its material stakeholders and how this engagement has affected decision-making at the Board level.


Corporate Governance Framework 
The Company is committed to the ongoing enhancement of its corporate governance framework to promote a culture of integrity, good conduct, ethical values and the operation of an effective internal control framework to maintain a disciplined operational environment which meets changing legal and regulatory requirements, client needs, shareholder interests, the wellbeing and conduct of staff and the Company's risk appetite. 
The Company's Board members include two Independent Non-Executive Directors, one appointed in June 2017 and a second appointed in January 2018. 
The governance framework consists of: • A Committee structure to oversee and manage the risks of the Group, • An organisational structure that utilises a "Three Lines Of Defence" model for the management of risks with clearly established responsibilities for the various Lines of Defence, and 
• A policy framework that defines the mandatory minimum requirements for the management of risks across the Group. The Committee structure comprises:


The Board Risk and Compliance Committee ("BRCC''.) 
The BRCC is responsible for assisting the Board in its oversight of risk, reviewing the Company's risk appetite and risk profile, reviewing the effectiveness of the risk management framework, reviewing the methodology used in determining the Company's capital and liquidity requirements, stress testing, ensuring due diligence appraisals ace carried out on strategic or significant transactions, working with the Remuneration Committee to ensure that risk is propedy considered in setting remuneration policy and monitoring regulatory requirements. The BRCC is supported by and oversees the work of the Prudential Regulation Committee. The BRCC members include independent non-executive directors and meets at least quartedy. 
The Nominations Committee 
The Nominations Committee is constituted of non-executive directors ("NEDs") and is responsible for assessing the skills, knowledge, experience and capabilities of candidates of the Board, and to senior management positions within the Group. 
The Nominations Committee has the responsihility to re.vie.won an a.nnm1l basis the size and composition of the Board. Such a review will cover those areas that the Nominations Committee determines ace relevant and shall include: skills, knowledge, experience and diversity of the Board. The Nominations Committee shall provide the Board with the outcome of each review, including the review of the operation of its diversity policies, and where appropriate make recommendations for changes or areas for further development by the Board. 
The Remuneration Committee 
The Remuneration Committee consists entirely of NEDs and has oversight for the operation of remuneration policies across CM Ltd. It is also responsible for the review, approval and challenge where appropriate of remuneration proposals for members of senior management (including Executive Committee members) and other employees and Directors of CM Ltd who are considered to have a material risk impact on CM Ltd. 
The Audit Committee 
The Audit Committee is responsible for assisting the Board in i) its oversight and monitoring of the integrity of CM Ltd's financial statements and internal financial controls ii) monitoring and reviewing the effectiveness of the internal audit function. It is chaired by an independent non-executive director. 
The Executive Committee 
The Board delegates day-to-day management of the Group to the CEO who is further supported by a management committee framework including the following committees: • 
an Executive Committee; • • 
a management risk committee (the Risk Management Steering Committee, "RMSC") and its sub-committees; a Prudential Regulatory Committee 
The Executive Committee supports the CEO in his responsibility to implement the strategic vision of the Board and to manage the daily operations of the Group. The Executive Committee oversees the operation of the RMSC. 
The Company has also established the following sub-committees to support the activities and carry out responsibilities of the executive committees: 
• • 
Employee Conduct Review Committee Control & Conduct Assessment Forum


The RMSC and sub-committees 
The RMSC and associated sub-committees are responsible for assisting the Board in the oversight of its i) risk governance structure; ii) risk management and risk assessment processes; iii) risk appetite and tolerance; iv) capital, liquidity and funding; v) compliance with all applicable laws and regulations; vi) systems risk management and vii) internal controls. 
The RMSC sub-committees are summarised as follows: • 
• 
Credit Committee is responsible for reviewing and monitoring credit risk exposure against agreed internal limits, as well as risk appetite. Other areas, e.g. analysis of problem credits or portfolio concentrations, are also considered. 
Operational Risk Committee is a specialist forum structured to look more closely at, inter alia, risk events, losses and associated trends, escalated Key Risk Indicators ("KRis") and Key Performance Indicators ("KPis"), overdue actions and remedial steps, as well as wider themes around Third Party Vendor Management and, as relevant, Information Security. 
• 
Liquidity Management Committee focuses on issues related to liquidity risk and treasury management, e.g. liquidity stress testing, funds transfer pricing and efficiency of the liquid asset buffer. 
• The Transaction Approval and New Product Committees convene to review new business which could potentially be considered to be outside of the norm, e.g. due to size, specific risk considerations such as liquidity, credit or reputational considerations. 
The Prudmtiaf Regulation Committee ("PRC') 
The PRC is a sub-committee reporting to the BRCC which provides additional oversight of important processes within the firm such as the Internal Capital Adequacy Assessment Process ("ICAAP"), Internal Liquidity Adequacy Assessment ("ILAA") and Recovery and Resolution Plans ("RRP"). The Committee meets to review and challenge metrics, models and results related to risk management and valuation, as well the accuracy of regulatory returns (such as COREP & FSA 047 /048) and interpretation of relevant rules and guidelines (e.g. CRR/BIPRU/IFPRU).

