Corporate Governance 
For the year ended December 2019, under The Companies (Miscellaneuos Reporting) Regulations 2018, the Company has applied the Wates Corporate Governance Principles for Large Private Companies (published by the Financial Reporting Council ('FRC') in December 2018. These new corporate governance reporting requirements apply to company reporting for financial years starting on or after 1 January 2019 and Companies are able to adopt the Wates principles as an appropriate framework when making a disclosure regarding corporate governance arrangements. We have adopted the disclosure in our 2019 Report and Accounts and have set out below the details of how we have applied the principles: 
· 
Principle 1 - Purpose and leadership The Company adheres to Group's four-year Medium-Term Plan ('MTP'). The plan set out ambitious 
targets to strengthen our position as a leader in the global paper-based packaging industry. The plan identified a range of investments to accelerate our ability to serve the growing needs of our customers and their demand for what Group have described as 'Better Planet Packaging'. It ensures we retain a world-class containerboard and corrugated system. Sustanability is a central part if the Group's strategy. During the course of 2019, the focus on climate change, plastics and sustanability has intensified. Smurfit Kappa has a central role to play in working with customers to reduce waste. 
The Board is committed to promoting a strong and positive culture that is aligned with strategy and based on our values of, 
Safety Loyalty Integrity Respect 
- Teamwork These values foster the guiding principles by which we operate; . Inclusion and Diversity Recognition Performance Accountability 
-


Principles 2- Board Composition 
The UK Board comprises non UK directors from other parts of the Group as well as the UK Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer to ensure that the balance of responsibilities, accountabilities and decision making are effectively maintained. The size and composition is appropriate to our Board evaluation . 
Principle 3- Directors responsibilities 
The Board receives regular and timely information on all aspects of the business including heath and 
safety, risks and opportunities, the financial perfomance of the business, strategy, operational matters and sustainability . 
Principle 4- Opportunity and Risk 
The UK Board seeks out opportunity whilst mitigating risk. The company's key operational risks and mitigations are outlined in the Strategic Report. The Group's risk management framework is embedded within our organisational structure. Risk management is owned by management at each reporting level and is evaluated and reviewed on a continuous basis. In addition to considering current principal risks we also looked at emerging risk as part of our overall risk management processes . 
Principle 5 - Remuneration 
The Group has established a Remuneration Committee and in line with their commitment to effective 
corporate governance, the annual Remuneration Report covers the key requirements of the UK remuneration reporting regulations . In accordance with the policies that exist throughout the Group, UK director remuneration arrangements are aligned with the delivery of our strategy through the underpinning performance metrics which include; 
profit based metrics (earnings before interest and tax for the annual bonus and earnings per share for the long term incentive plan) Cash based metrics (free cash flow for the annual bonus) Return based metrics (Return on capital employed for the annual bonus) 
In 2018 we published our Gender Pay Report for the first time. We are committed to gender pay equality and will continue to proactively monitor the pay of male and female employees, in similar roles, to ensure it is comparable . 
Principle 6-Stakeholders Employee engagement and development 
Employee engagement has always been a key consideration of the Board and one which has continuously developed overtime. Over the last number of years, we have conducted employee engagement surveys across all sites. During 2019, the outcome of these surveys showed an increase in employee engagement. In addition, the Board has always had direct interaction with employees through a comprehensive programme of plant visits. The company communicates to it's employees through internal emails, newsletters and intranet biogs .


Stakeholder engagement 
Stakeholder engagement is an area where we have strong foundations on which to build. In addition to enhanced employeeengagementas asetoutabove, we continue to work collaboratively with our customers and suppliers. These close relationships with customers, suppliers and development partners aid product innovation as well as promoting our sustainability agenda. Our engagement with communities in which we operate is a core management prior it and is aided by the Smurfit Kappa Foundation.

