5. CORPORATE GOVERNANCE ARRANGEMENTS 
The directors have selected the Wates Corporate Governance Principles for Large Private Companies as SGIL's corporate governance code (the Code). For the year ended 31 December 2019, the Board consiqers that it has complied in full with the provisions of the Code. Set out below is a short supporting statement summarising how each of the six principles set out in the,Code has been applied to achieve better outcomes. 
5.1. Purpose and Leadership 
Under SGIL's Board Terms of Reference the Board has overall responsibility for SGtl,, and its main role is to: • 
Establish a sustainable business model for SGIL and a clear strategy consistent with that model; 
• Review and approve SGIL's financial reporting and controls; • 
• • Exercise effective oversight ofSGIL's corporate governance, risk management and control framework; 
Provide leadership of SGIL within a framework of prudent and effective controls which enables risk to be assessed and managed; and 
Articulate and oversee the embedding by executive management of a culture ofrisk awareness and ethical behaviour that SGIL should follow in the pursuit of its business goals. 
SGIL is wholly owned by Societe Generale SA. The Board ensures it understands the views of its shareholder through regular interactions between directors and senior executives of Societe Generate SA. Please also see Section 5.2 (Board Composition) below. 
The Board is the ultimate sponsor ofSGIL's Culture and Conduct Programme and receives regular updates from the Chief Executive Officer on this topic. 
· 
Conflicts of interest between SGIL and directors are managed as part of the assessment of prospective directqrs, ongoing disclosure obligations, a requirement to seek the Board's agreement before accepting further commitments which may give rise to a conflict and recusal from decision making where there is an unavoidable conflict (for example on.~e extension ofa director's term). 
SGIL has a Whistleblowing Policy which has been reviewed and approved by the Board m 2019. John Hitchins, SGIL's senior independent non-executive director, acts as the Board's ·whistleblowing champion. Individuals can flag concerns via a whistleblowing electronic mailbox and John is notified each time this facility is used. 
The Board and the management of SGIL are focused on ensuri~g the relationships, ·communication and engagement with its employees and workforce stakeholders is maintained and strengthened via a number of . initiatives and regular interactions. The Company utilises various approaches in this regard: The management communicates to all employees in Town Hall meetings and regular employee communications are made via email and on its Company's intranet site. These cover all types of issues related to the business and business performance, employee policies, events, networks, training and engagement activities. One Town Hall was attended by the non-executive directors allowing employees the chance to ask them questions directly. 
The Company is also continuing t9 build on the various initiatives offered as part of its people engagement· framework, Life@Work, which includes programmes and events focusing on wellbeing, diversity and inclusion and. work/life balance. 
5.2. Board Composition 
As at the end of 2019, SGIL had two independent non-executive directors, two non-executive directors and two executive directors. Michael Collins, a non-executive director, acts as Chair of the SGIL Board. Christophe Lattuada, an executive director, acts as Chief Executive Officer of SGIL. Michael and Christophe's respective ,roles are clearly articulated in the Company's Board Terms of References. 
The composition of the SGIL Board was carefully considered during 2019 and the following individuals were selected to join the.Board to complement the skills, expertise and knowledge of the other directors:


(a) Gill Lungley was invited to join the Board as an independent non~executive director. Gill has extensive IT experience in the financial services sector. 
(b) Alexandre Fleury was invited to join the Board as a non-executive director. Alexandre is Societe Generale's Global Head of Equities & Equity Derivatives and will provide a shareholder voice as well as bringing his extensive Markets business experience to the Board. 
(c) Keith McArdle joined the Board as a'n executive director. Keith is SGJL's Chief Administrative Officer and has 20 years'. exp~rience managing global teams, while executing and delivering large scale strategic change and remediation programmes at Societe Generale and previously Newedge Group. 
The ongoing development of the Board is fostered through a Board and individual training programmes. The effectiveness of the Board and each Board Committee is assessed annually. 5.3. Director Responsibilities 
The Board's work is supported by the following Board level committees: the Audit Committee, the Risk Committee, the Nomination Committee and the Remuneration Committee. 
The Board, Board Committees and individual directors have a clear under~tanding of their accountability and responsibilities. These are set out in SGIL's Board and Board Committee Terms of Reference which are reviewed at least annually and Directors' appointme'nt-letters which are updated when desir~ble. 
During 2019 SGJL implemented the Financial Conduct Authority's Senior Managers and Certification Regime which aims to reduce harm to customers and strengthen market integrity by making individuals more accountable for their conduct and competence. Directors' terms were updated as a result of the implementation of this regime. 
The Board ensures that systems and controls.are operating effectively by reviewing key performance and r_isk indicators as well as providing constructive challenge to executive management. 
The major risks of the Company along with their plans of action and potential emerging risks are reviewed on a monthly basis and formally validated during tpe year through the RCC and the Board Risk Committee (BRC), thus integrating the Internal Capital Adequacy Assessment Process (ICAAP) operational risk scenario identification exercise in a continuous process. 
· 
Additionally, an executive summary is annually submitted to the Board members before statutory accounts validation describing the internal control framework to ensure the accuracy and integrity of the financial statements. 
· 5.4. Opportunity and Risk 
The SGIL Board Risk Committee ensures an oversight of the risk and compliance functions and focuses on the risk management, risk appetite, capital and liquidity adequacy assessment. The SGIL Board Audit Committ~e oversees the effectiveness of the internal control framework together with the processes for budgeting, capital and liquidity planning. The SGIL Board oversees both Board Committees and also promotes the long-term sustainable success of SGIL by reviewing opportunities raised by the Business Units· and ensuring the creation and preservation of value by reviewing the budget, the strategy and the capital & liquidity planning. 
5.5. Remuneration 
SGJL's Remuneration Committee is tasked with, among other things, taking steps to satisfy itself that the remuneration policy ofSGIL complies with relevant financial services industry standards, its shareholder's policy globally, and regulatory requirements, including the requirement to ensure that SGIL's remuneration policies, procedures and practices (a) are consistent with and promote sound and effective risk management, (b) are in line with the business strategy, objectives, values and long-term interests ofSGIL, (c) address broader societal factors including diversity and corporate social responsibility; and ( d) fulfil all requirements under the FCA Remuneration Code.


The Remuneration Committee of the Company also ensures that remuneration practices are aligned with its employee engagement strategy-this can be evidenced, as an example, in the Company's Gender Pay Gap reports which also highlight some of the Company's' diversity initiatives. Finally, the Company has a Speak Up facility and Whistleblowing policy to ensure that if employees have concerns they are able to easily and safely raise them, and this is backed up by its Culture and Conduct program to ensure that employees feel comfortable to challenge management and. Company practices when needed. 
5.6. Stakeholder Relationships and Engagement 
The. Board is.responsible for overseeing meaningful engagement with stakeholders, including the workforce, and having regard to their views when taking decisions. Examples of employee engagement during 2019 include: employee surveys; a town hall meeting with presentations from a number of the Directors; the promotion of employee inclusion networks and proactively canvassing· employees' views in relation to the move to new premises at One Bank Street, Canary Wharf. Further information on SGIL's Corporate Social Responsibility ambitions may be found at pages 24 7 et seq of the Societe Genera le Group Registration Document 2019 (https://www.soc•ietegenerale.com//sites/default/files/documents/Document%20de%20r%C3%A9f0/4C3%A9ren 
_ ce/20l9/ddr-2019 _ societe-generale _ eng--:-version.pdfflpage=273).
