STATEMENT OF CORPORATE GOVERNANCE ARRANGEMENTS 
For the year ended 31 December 2019, under Toe Companies (Miscellaneous Reporting) Regulations 2018, the company has adopted the Wates Corporate Governance Principals for Large Private Companies (published by the Financial Reporting Council (FRC) in December 2018 and available on the FRC website). 
These new corporate governance reporting requirements apply to a company reporting for financial years starting on or after 1 January 2019 and companies are able to adopt the Wates Principals as an appropriate framework when making disclosure regarding corporate governance arrangements. We set out below how the Principals have been applied throughout the year and our plans for continuing to strengthen our approach to corporate governance going forward. 
Principle 1 - Purpose and Leadership 
South Coast Foods Limited is a joint venture between G R Copper and McDonalds's Restaurants Limited ("McDonald's") and operates a group of franchised McDonald's restaurants across the south coast of England. 
We first opened our doors to customers in 2008 when we acquired 14 restaurants along the south coast. Since then we have grown to have 23 restaurants currently operating under the leadership of our Managing Director, G R Copper. 
As a McDonald's franchisee we operate based on McDonald's philosophy of being consistent in all that we do, providing great service and high quality food to our customers. 
Principle 2 - Board Composition 
Senior management at McDonald's and the Managing Director are appointed to the Board. This ensures the Board are equipped with the appropriate balance of skills, experience and knowledge of the Company to enable it to discharge its duties and responsibilities effectively. Input from McDonald's is also provided on Directors' appointments on an ad hoe basis. 
Two of the Company's Directors also hold senior positions in McDonald's and are acutely aware of the potential for conflicts of interest. All ooard directors of the Company from McDonald's are provided with conflicts of interest training as well as directors duties training on a regular basis in order to mitigate any conflict 
A structured training programme exists based on the individual's needs, skills and experience for those Directors new to the Company and senior leadership wh9 are appointed to the Board. Directors also receive guidance on Governance Framework and Wates Principles, including training and development, as well as their duties as Directors on the Board. 
Principle 3 - Director Responsibilities 
Toe Board is collectively responsible for the long-term success of the Company and achieves this through its oversight of the business and restaurants, generating value for its shareholders and its stakeholders as well as contributing to our wider communities. 
In exercising its duty to promote the success of the Company, the Board is responsible for overseeing the management of the Company and, in so doing, may exercise its powers, subject to any relevant laws, regulations and the Company's Articles of Association. Toe Board bears legal responsibility for the acts carried out on its behalf and enforces standards of accountability - all with a view to enable senior management to execute their responsibilities fully and in the interests of its stakeholders. 
Matters not specifically reserved for the Board have been delegated to the Managing Director for the day-to-day management of the business. The Managing Director will also lead on the direction of the business as determined by the Board and certain matters relating to third party agreements, financing, litigation, amongst others, require Board approval. 
In performing its oversight function, the Board is entitled to rely on the advice, reports and opinions of management, counsel, auditors and outside experts. 
Principle 4 - Opportunity and Risk 
At South Coast Foods we seek to maintain our high standards set by McDonald's whilst balancing the risks. By carefully aligning our risk appetite to McDonald's strategy, we aim to deliver sustainable long-term shareholder returns for McDonald's and Grant Copper. An example of this would be how we have proactively invested in the technology in our restaurants, in which the associated risks are assessed in proportion to the investment, to improve both the customers experience as well as the environment for our employees.


All of the Company's activities involve the measurement, evaluation, acceptance and management of risk or combinations of risks. 
All employees are responsible for the management of risk, proportionate to the relevant employee's role and level of experience, with the ultimate accountability residing with the Board. We have a strong risk culture, which is embedded through clear and consistent communication and appropriate training for all employees. This risk framework underpins our strategic priorities, reinforced by the Company Values, helping us to identify current and future risks so that we may take decisions to prevent and limit risk while managing any material impact on our finances, reputation or business model. 
The Board receives bi-annual reports from management on updates from all areas of the business including business strategy and insights, operations, IT & digital, and finance, which it takes into account in its discussions and decision making. Additional non-financial disclosures detailing the policies pursued by the Company in relation to the workforce, the environment, social matters, human rights, anti-corruption and anti-bribery matters are also received by the Board. 
The Company's senior leadership also convene an Annual Planning Meeting to discuss the activities of the Company as well as discuss the business plan for the upcoming year. This may include visiting Company restaurants as part of this meeting. 
The Board receive updates from McDonald's on McDonald's decision making as well as updates and approaches in relation to how McDonald's deals with different policies and financial disclosures. 
The Board determine those areas of the business that require formal annual sign-off, including: 
- financial controls and reporting - an annual financial audit of the business is conducted - food hygiene, health and safety - annual audits are completed and published annually insurance cover - an update on the parameters of the insurance schedule (including claims updates) is completed 
annually and reviews of premiums for the following year are completed - compliance with employment practices - our Managing Director presents the results of an HR audit on an annual basis 
The Strategic Report on page 2 includes the key risks for the company. 
Principle 5 - Remuneration 
All employees' base and bonus remuneration is benchmarked regularly against the market to ensure this is consistent with the industry and no Directors are involved in deciding their own remuneration. Directors are not compensated for their services as Directors. For the McDonald's appointee directors this role is considered to be incidental to their main employment roles within the McDonald's business. G R Copper is the owner and director of a management services company which receives a management fee calculated in accordance with the joint venture agreement. 
The Company strives to !Promote a working environment that is free from unlawful harassment, victimisation, bullying and discrimination. The Company regards all of its employees as members of a team where everyone's opinion is valued, everyone is regarded as equal in status and everyone must always be treated with fairness and respect. The Company's Diversity Policy exists to ensure that no job applicant or existing employee is treated less favourably on the grounds of their gender, age, marital status, disability, race, colour, sexual orientation, nationality, ethnic origin, religion or belief and that no-one is disadvantaged by conditions, requirements or practices which cannot be shown to be just and fair. The way we recruit and work should ensure that employees are selected, promoted and treated according to their ability and that everyone has an equal opportunity to receive training and development. 
Principle 6 - Stakeholders 
We aim to communicate with all parties in a way that meets their needs. We focus on open communication and fair disclosure, with emphasis-on the integrity, timeliness and relevance of the information provided. 
Our success comes from a commitment to relationships. A deep-rooted belief that we are at our very best when we work together with our suppliers to deliver for the customers and communities we serve. Our communications approach, influenced by McDonald's, is driven by our guiding principles embedded our values: 
- Dependable and committed to doing the right thing; - Open to different ideas:and cultures; and - Connected to customers, suppliers, communities, regulators and each other.


How we engage with our stakeholders is detailed in The Strategic Report on pages 3 and 4.
