Corporate governance 
The group has voluntarily adopted the Wates principles which are designed for large private companies in the United Kingdom. No companies within the group are currently large enough to meet the thresholds requiring the disclosure of corporate govemance arrangements. The Wates framework recommends that companies consider six key principles of corporate governance: • purpose and leadership; • board composition; • director responsibilities; • oppo11unity and risk; • remuneration; and • stakeholder relationships and engagement. 
Their application to the group is explained in the following sections.


Purpose and leadership
The group's values describe the principles by which we stand and help guide the way in which we do business, and are set out below. 
Our customers - the lifeblood of the business 
Thjs means developing meaningful and respectful relationships and putting our customers first. We go the extra mile because we believe we can make a difference lo people's lives. By doing the right thing for ou1· customers, looking after them and giving them excellent se1vice, we are doing the right thing for Specsavers. 
Our people - supporting our staff to be the best they can be To make sure our stores have the best possible suppo11, we continually invest in our people, our stores and our infrastructure. By setting our people up for success, giving them the scope to develop and make the right decisions, we can continue to grow. 
Partnership - at tbe heart of eve1ything we do We are committed to providing our store partners with clear strategic direction and first-class business suppo1t so that they can deliver the very best service, value and professional care to our customers. The Specsavers joint venture partnership is based on mutual trust and understanding, values that also underpin the way we work with our colleagues and suppliers. 
Communities - giving back to and working with our local communities Specsavers is about more than just selling glasses, hearing aids and contact lenses. It is about changing lives - on our doorstep and furtJ1er afield - for the better. We make sure we give something back to the communities we work in, wherever we are in the world. Our offices, stores and sites raise money as well as giving their time to support a huge variety of causes, charities and community initiatives. 
Results - keep it simple, get it done, deliver on our pmomises, Ours is a fast-paced industry and we must anticipate challenges and act quickly to stay ahead of the competition. While we celebrate success, we don't dwell on it - and we never think we have got where we need to be. Whatever the job at hand, lhe same basic principles apply: keep it simple, get it done and deliver on our promises. 
The key underlying ethic instilJed by the founders of Specsavers for as long as it has existed is to treat others as we ourselves would like to be treated. 
Our brand promise: To use our compassion and expertise to help people feel good, cared for and smart. Our brand purpose: To make a positive difference to the lives of all. The SEC has set out cleai- policies regarding ethical trading, as laid out in the Strategic Report.


Board composition 
The board of the company is responsible for fulfilling the company's legal and fiduciary responsibilities. It is assisted by two other bodies: the Specsavers Executive Committee (SEC) which is the main decision-making body for Specsavers, the majority of whom are also board members of the group's ultimate parent; and the UK operating boards, of which there is one for each of the main se1vice lines - optics, audiology and domiciliary. The latter are internal committees, not linked to auy one specific company within the organisation, but are responsible for the delivery of the Specsavers strategy within the UK context. The SEC directs the overall strategic development of Specsavers globally; determines risk appetite and control measures; promotes professional standards, corporate responsibility and regulatory compliance; and upholds high customer service standards. 
The board believes that its composition includes an appropriate combination of skills, backgrounds, experience and knowledge, in line with the size and complexity of the group. Its size is also propmtionate to its responsibilities. The board takes advice from the SEC in respect of strategic and other matters and from the operating boards conceming execution within the group's markets. 
The knowledge and insight which the group board members bring to bear from their activities on other boards within the organisation assists them in applying Specsavers' strategy and policies to the group's situation. 
John Perkins is a member of the UK Optical Operating Board as well as the SEC. Tom Buller is a member of the SEC. Paul Marshall is a member of the UK Optical and Audiology Operating Boards, as well as the SEC. Stephen Moore is a member of the UK Optical Operating Board. 
The company's immediate parent Specsavers Optical Gmup perfonns activities which include delivery of the Specsavers business model in the UK optical market. John Perkins, Tom Buller and Paul Marshall are all directors of this company as well. 
SEC members come from a variety of backgrounds and are committed to promoting diversity and inclusion, at SEC level and throughout the whole organisation. The SEC acknowledges the importance of diversity among its members, and among other boards within the organisation, and the role this plays in helping the business achieve its long-tenn goals; ensuring we have the right people in the right place, at the right time. The SEC has approved a range of nctivitiC3 to promote divcrnity and inclu:iion at Spccsavcn:, nnd progre:ic in this a1·ea was recognised when Specsavers won the Diverse Company Award at tbe National Diversity Awards in 2019. 
As noted above, much oflhe operating activity of the company is driven by the operating boards, and these are each at least 25% female and include representation .from ethnic minorities. 
The company board, Specsavers Executive Committee and operating board members are each committed to ongoing professional development and consider that they have sufficient time to discharge their duties.


Director respousibilities 
Certain matters are reserved for the SEC for its approval. These include: 
• the review and approval of annual operating plans; • risk appetite; • perfonnance targets; • credit or market risk limits; • acquisitions; • disposals; • investments; • capital expenditure or realisation or creation of a new venture that exceed certain thresholds; • specified senior appointments; and • any substantial change in balance sheet management policy. 
The SEC is responsible for maintaining and reviewing the effectiveness of risk management and internal control systems, and for determining the level and types of risks Specsavers is willing to take in achieving its strategic objectives. It is also responsible for matters relating to finance, corporate governance, remunel'ation and effective succession planning. TI1ese matters are determined by the SEC as a whole, rather than being delegated to subcommittees. 
To meet internal control requirements, procedures have been designed for safeguarding assets against unauthorised use or disposal; for maintaining proper accounting records; and for ensuring the reliabiLity and usefulness of financial infonnation used within the business or for publication. 
These procedures provide reasonable assurance against material mis-statemeot, errors, losses or fraud. They are designed to provide effective internal control within Specsavers and accord with the Financial Reporting Council's guidance for directors issued in 2014, regarding internal control and related financial and business reporting. 
The SEC confirms that the system of internal control operated effectively for the 2020 financial year. 
The operating boards use an extensive range of information sources to guide their decision-making, including financial infom1ation, key perfonnance indicators, retail data, and employee and consumer feedback. Comprehensive board packs are produced on a timely basis for each operating board meeting.


Opportunity and risk 
The group creates value by striving to provide exceptional customer service; excellent professional care; and high-quality products, delivered efficiently and in a great retail environment. 
The SEC has put in place a clear risk management framework, and determines policies and procedures in relation to internal controls through clear interactions with senior management across Specsavers. 
The key risk management and internal control procedures include the following: 
• Adherence to the organisation's values: The Specsavers values laid out earlier outline the core principles within which the organisation must operate wherever we conduct business. The values overlay all other policies and procedures throughout the organisation. These values are mandatory, apply to and must be observed by all businesses within Specsavers, regardless of the nature or location of their activities. 
• Delegation of authority within limits set by the SEC: Subject to certain matters reserved for the SEC, the group directors have been delegated authority limits and powers within which to manage the day-to-day affairs of the gmup, including the right to sub-delegate those limits and powers to the relevant operating board for effective management of the group's day to day activities. 
• Risk identification and monito,·ing: Systems and procedures are in place to identify, assess, control and monitor the material risk types facing Specsavers as set out in the organisation-wide risk framework. The organisation's risk measurement and reporting systems are designed to help ensure that material risks are captured with all the attributes necessary to support well-founded decisions, that those attributes are accurately assessed and that infonuation is delivered in a timely manner for those risks to be successfully managed and mitigated. 
• Changes in market conditions/practices: Processes are in place to identify new risks arising from changes in market conditions/practices or customer behaviours, whlch could expose Specsavers to heightened risk of loss or reputational damage. The organisation employs a top and emerging risks framework, which contains an aggregate of aU current and forward-looking risks and enables it to take action that either prevents them materialising or limits their impact. 
• Responsibility for risk management: All employees are responsible for identifying and managing risk within the scope of their role, with the ultimate accountability residing with the SEC. 
• Strategic plans: Strategic plans are prepared for global businesses, global functions and geographical regions within the framework of the organisation's overall strategy. Annual operating plans, infonned by detailed analysis of risk appetite describing the types and quantum of risk that Specsavers is prepared to take in executing its strategy, are prepared and adopted by all major organisation operating companies and set out the key business initiatives and the likely financial effects of those initiatives. 
The effectiveness of the group's system of risk management and internal control is reviewed regularly by the SEC. 

Remuneration  
Remuneration for directors and senior managers is aligned with perfonnance, behaviours, and the achievement of the group's purpose, values and strategy. The company's directors are all paid by a parent company, whose accounts are not publicly available.


Stakehodler relationship and engagement 
The board has given extensive consideration to the group's impact on stakeholders including employees, communities and the environment, as described earlier in the Strategic Report. 
The group seeks regular and wide-ranging feedback from its customers and adapts its activities accordingly. 
Employee feedback is obtained through regular surveys and interactions, which are generally provided on an ad hoe basis in relation to specific matters. The feedback received is then used to develop action plans to continue to strengthen the relationships between the business and its employees. Speak up and whistleblowing policies Specsavers is committed to maintaining an open culture with high standards of honesty and accountability. Eve1y employee within the organisation has an important role to play to achieve this and Specsavers takes all unprofessional conduct very seriously, whoever commits it. 
Specsayers through its written policy reassures its employees that issues they raise will be properly considered. Whi~tle-blower confidentiality is maintained wherever reasonably possible. In all cases, Specsavers will handle the matfer fairly an~ properly. 
The COVID-19 pandemic has had a significant impact on the group. The government-ordered lockdown bas significantly impacted how the group can trade and operate. The easing of lockdown has seen increased sales volumes over recent weeks such that trading has returned closer to pre-virus levels. 
It is difficult to estimate how the COVID-19 outbreak will impact the group's trading and for how long, aud the directors consider this as a level of uncertainty over which they have no control. 
The SEC, group board and operating boards are planning for potential changes in the economic environment and government guidance, and responding accordingly as the situation develops. 
The financial statements are prepared on a going concern basis on the grounds that such support as is required to enable the company to continue to trade will be received from the company's ultimate parent undertaking, Specsavers lntemational Healthcare Limited. Specsavers, headed by STHL has access to sufficient cash resources and borrowing facilities alongside strong cashflow which suppo11 the group's liquidity and longer term viability, and provide the ability to withstand reasonably possible downside scenarios should they arise. Therefore, the expectation of the directors is that they will be able to meet liabilities as they fall due over a period of at least 12 months.

