Corporate Governance Report 
Together with lhe Companies Act 2006, the SPIE UK corporate governance framework Is structured around The UK Corporate Governance Code and The Wates Corporate Governance Principles for Large Private Companies. SPIE UK, the parent company, sets the governance framework tor Its subsidiaries to comply with conducting business and also maintains a legislation register to identify applicable legislation. 
In addition, as the UK business Is part of SPIE Group, some French and EU leglslatlon, as well as Group Standards and other requiremenls set by SPIE Group, also apply to SPIE UK 
Some of the corporate governance is designed and delivered through directives, processes and systems that are rolled out across the Group for use by the business operations In the Group's trading subsidiaries, like SPIE limited. 
Some or Che corporate governance is also manag8d by SPIE UK, which as parent. has responsibility to oversee, approve or authorise practices and decisions by its trading subsidiaries, such as SPIE Limited. 
The Wates Principles are voluntary principles for large private companies that demonstrate an ·apply and explain" approach over six principles of corporate governance .. 
The Board has adopted the disclosure in our 2019 Report and Accounts and set out below Is how we have applied the Principles over the past year throughout our work. 
1. Purpose and Leadership 2. Board Composition 3. Directors Responsibllities 4. Opportunity and Risk 5. Remuneration 6. Stakeholder Relationships and Engagement


Principle 1 - Purpose and Leadership 
The Board effectively develops and promotes the purpose of the Company and ensures that its values, strategy and culture align with that purpose. The values and culture are explained and integrated Into the different runctlons and operations of the business. This includes lntemal assurance, employment practices, risk management and compliance funclions. 
The Board provides guidance and leadership for Internal stakeholders and provides regular updates to the external stakeholders which were described In the paragraphs 1·3 of the section 172 statement. 
The Board promotes the success of the company and has a clear understanding of the views of stakeholders through established communication channels. The Directors act with integrity and lead by example, setting lhe tone from the top, building positive relationships with all stakeholders, particularly lhe workforce. 
Corporate governance framework 
The Company's strategy has at heart to focus on our five pillars which are: 
• Heallh & Safety People 
• Cash & Profit 
• Command and Control 
• Customers 
The board sels out strategy, 3-year plan and objectives. It reviews corporate, operational structure and management structure on annual basis. The Board oversees communication and training strategy. 
Board committees review and approve budgets, policies, processes, procedures and other documentation to ensure its compliance with the corporate govemance framework. Mora Information on strategy Is in paragraph 1 of Section 172. 

Principle 2 - Board Composition 
Effective board composition requires an effective chair and a balance of skills, backgrounds, experience and knowledge, with individual directors having sufficient capacity to make a valuable contribution. The size of a board should be guided by the scale and complexity of the company. 
Robert Goodhew was appointed Chief Executive Officer of SPIE UK In May 2017. He acts as a chair and is responsible for managing the Executulve Board. The Executive Board for the company comprises the senior leaders from lhe business including functional represenlation. This ensures that all parts of the business are represented at the board to allow effective decision making to take place. 
The management learn structure represents the balance and diversity. It comprises a mix of executive direclors working as Chief Execulive Officer (Robert Goodhew), HSEQ Director (Rod Glenn), HR & Marketing Communication Director (Ellie Armour), Chier Financial Officer (Tony Wilkinson), Procurement Director (Jane Bates). Managing Director Scotland and North (Will Smilh) and Legal (Ben Hancock). 
The size and structure of the management team ensures that the directors have a broad range of skills and experience with differential as well as complementary skill set. The blend of sknls ls a key feature in determining the Board's effecllveness. 
There is annual Corporate Criminal Offences (CCO) training and regular training for key staff in different bustness divisions: Central Finance, Procurement, Facililies, Legal, Strategy, EE/MSS, B&C North, B&C South and Scolland. The training Is reflected in the CCO training matrix. The last CCO training was In August 2019.


Principle 3 - Directors Responsibilltles 
Each Executive Coard member has a clear area of accounlability wilh all areas of the company represented on the Executive Board. They implement the decisions laken at the board wilhln lheir area and ensure that all policies and ensure procedures are adhered to within their area. 
The Executive Board has a programme eleven principle meetings every year, plus three additional days tor strategic planning, one day for CCO training and additional ad-hoe meetings (if required). As part of every Executive Board meeting, the governance or the Group is Included as a standing agenda item. The Board's key areas of focus In 2019 are in the Section 172. The company has several committees which operate throughout the year: 
• Commercial Review Board 
• Ethics Committee 
• Risk and Audit Committee 
• CSR {Corporate Social Responsibility) Committee 
• ECC (Employee Consultation Committee) 
• A Cross Functional (Brexlt) Committee 
Board meetongs are held twice a year to review statutory requirements, the Terms of Reference and performance of lhe Exective Board and other committees and to sign the annual financial statements of the Company. 
The Commercial Review Board meets regularly to review tenders with a higher value and/or unusual risk profile. It atos meets quarterly to review the tendering and conlraciing processes. 
The Company's Ethics Committee is held four times per year and meets on an ad-hoe basis to review any potentially serious whistle-blowing reports. It oversees and reviews ethics policies, training and communication for employees and all whistle blowing reports. More details are described In a paragraph 5 of Section 172. 
The Risk and Audit Committee usually meets quarterly. It reviews and decides the risk profile of the UK group, Identifies mitigation actions and oversees oimplementation, and oversees the annual Internal audit programme. More details can be found in principle 6. 
The CSR Committee is usually held six limes per year. It reviews EDI Policy {Equality, Diversity & lnclusivily) and the action plan is updated annually with revised objectives. More details are described in a paragraph 2 of Section 172. 
ECC meetings normally held twice a year. These are attended by members of the senior readership learn including the Board and employee representatives from different areas of the business. More details are discussed In a paragraph 2 and 6 of Section 172. 
A Cross Functional (Brexit) Committee was established during 2019 financial year to review how lhe business should be prepared for Brexit and to anticipate end mitigate the potential Impacts on the business. This committee meets regularly, providing regular updates to the Board on the key concerns for the business and the actions In place and to be considered. 
All committees are accountable to the Board which provides guidance, direction and ensures the Integrity of information. As part of the 2018 annual strategy process, the Execuitve Board identified a list of slrateglc priorities that were to be reviewed by management throughout 2019. The output of this worth has been a key area of focus for lhe Executive Board.

Principle 4 - Opportunity and Risk 
The Execultve Board reviews the success against the agreed business plan and identify any spelcifc risks and opportunities to this plan. There will be Execultve Board level ownership of these risks and opportunities to ensure they are mitigated and maximised as relevant with a quarterly review of risks and opportunities which Is shared with SPIE UK's.parent Company. 
The company's key operalional risks and mitigations are outlined in the Strategic Report. The Commercial Review Board also considers all major contracts (as defined by their value and risk profile) and approves them before any bids are finalised. 
The Risk and Audit Committee, consisting of Executive Committee members and business unit and functional leads, ensures that inherent and emerging risks are identified and managed appropriately and in a timely manner. The focus in 2019 was on monitoring the effecllveness of the Company's approach to risk identification, classification and mitigation. 
The provisional Introduction of the six Corporate Governance Principles has highlighted a need for to focus on Opportunities as well as Risks. This has now been Included In the quarterly Risk and Audit Committee meetings. Some of the opportunities that have been considered Include diversification of portfolio, further Investment opportunities and benefits of cost rationalisation and simplification of the group. 

Prlnclple 5 - Remuneration 
The parent, SPIE SA. takes an active role in Iha selling remuneration of the board. Ensuring that payments are in li~e with lhe achievement of agreed targels and the Company's Internal HR policies. 
The parent's primary objective is to sel remuneration at a level that will enhance the company's resources by securing and retaining quality senior management who can deliver the Group's strategic ambitions in a manner consistent with both Its purpose and the interests of ils shareholders. 

Principle 6 - Stakeholder Relationships and Engagement 
The Executive Board takes very seriously communication with the Internal and external stakeholders. More details are provided in paragraphs 2 & 3 io the Section 172 statement. 
The Board oversees the Risk and Audit committee, which reviews and decides the risk profile of the UK group, in particular identifyin9 and documenting the principal risks alongside our risk appetite and its extemal impacts. This is supported by our risk matrix which is used to map the risk ratings of our princlpal risks, and any mitigating controls or actions. 
The Execuitve Board oversees the constant review and update of the Company policies and procedures and updates them according to the any changes in the group structure or any changes in legislation and regulalion. 
The Execuotve Board reviewed the risks associated with the prevention of facilitation of tax evasion, and updated policies where required. The Executive Board signed the tax strategy in December 2019. 
In addition to the Senior Accounting Officer reporting completed by BDO, the Board also engaged BDO to review lhe Company's compliance wilh Corporate Criminal Offences {CCO}, which Identifies whether lhe Company has proportional and reasonable controls in place to prevent the facilitatlon of tax evasion. Whilst the Board still needs to complete a hill risk assessment, there were no control deficiencies identified by 800 which would indicate that we do not have sufficient controls in place to prevent the facilitation of tax evasion.
