Within this strategic report, we will be using the Wates Principles Framework to summarise and demonstrate robust and decisive governance within the Group. The six Wates Principles are: • 
Purpose 
Board Composition 
Director Responsibilities 
Opportunities and Risks 
Remuneration 
Stakeholder Relationship and Engagement 
Suffolk Group Holdings Limited is a holding company comprising facilities management specialist Vertas Group Limited, Concertus Design and Property Consultants Limited, which offers professional property advice and consultancy services and Opus People Solutions Group Limited, which provides recruitment and supply of temporary workers. 
Our business is built on very strong public sector pedigree, providing best value solutions using core values that underpin our business. 
The Board of Directors have the strategic skills to provide clear and concise direction and include representation from each subsidiary company and the shareholder. 
The Chair of Suffolk Group Holdings also chairs each of the subsidiary Board of Directors. The Chair takes responsibility for the Board and liaison between the individual Boards and the shareholder. 
In terms of shareholder governance, Suffolk Group Holdings reports into Suffolk County Council on a quarterly basis and also presents the company business plans, performance updates, strategic risks and opportunities to the Suffolk County Council shareholder group, on a quarterly basis. 
The Directors of Suffolk Group Holdings also attend other stakeholder forums such as the audit committee, scrutiny committee and political group briefings as and when required. 
In the year the workforce of the subsidiary companies enjoyed an inflationary pay increase. We have also invested heavily in personal development, systems and end to end processes. These investments have improved the efficiency of the business and resulted in cost savings. 
The subsidiary, Vertas Group Limited were awarded a RoSPA commendation, only one of three facilities management businesses in the UK to be awarded such an honour in the year. This demonstrates our ongoing focus regarding compliance and the safety of our colleagues. 
The subsidiary, Opus People Solutions Group Limited was accredited as ISO9001 compliant and achieved Investors in People Silver, enabling the subsidiary to grow sustainably. 
The Group believes supporting our people, clients, supply chain and shareholder, whilst providing an exceptional service for each service offer is very important. Concertus Design and Property Consultants Limited is a member of the Institute of Customer Service. The Group undertakes regular feedback from colleagues and clients and strives for continuous improvement, as a result of the feedback received. Shared learning across the Group also provides commitment to the best ways of working and as a result we have seen the emergence of mental health strategies and colleague support within each subsidiary during the year.

