Corporate Governance 
The Companies (Miscellaneous Reporting) Regulations 2018 introduced new statutory reporting requirements for financial years beginning on or after 1 January 2019. As a result of these new requirements, the directors are required to provide a statement in the report of the directors stating which corporate governance code, if any, they have followed during the year, how it applied the code and any part of the code it did not follow. For the year ended 31 December 2019, the Company has chosen to adopt the Wates Corporate Governance Principles for Large Private Companies, published by the Financial Reporting Council (FRC) in December 2018 and available on the FRC website (the Wates Principles). The disclosures below explain how the company has applied the Wates Principles in the context of its corporate governance arrangements for the financial year reported.


Principle 1 - Purpose and Leadership 
The Group's vision is "to be without equals" through an uncompromising desire to deliver the very best motor yachts to owners. To achieve this the Group has fostered a pioneering spirit that has led the Group to innovate and lead the market in pursuit of excellence both internally and for customers. This is supported by the Group's Business Plan, which is refreshed and renewed on a frequent basis, and strong, defined policies and employment practices that are applied consistently across the business. 
Overall, the Group is looking to "Seek More" - to constantly improve and to work towards producing peerless motor yachts that are the most desirable, innovative and rewarding on the market. 
Principle 2 - Board Composition 
As a privately owned group with control held by a majority shareholder the Company's Board composition reflects this, with the Chief Executive (who also Chairs Board meetings), an independent non-executive director, and also two shareholder-appointed representatives. 
The Board is collectively responsible for the management and oversight of the Group's business. An effective scheme of delegation is in place to enable the Executive Committee of the Group's primary subsidiary, Sunseeker International Limited, to manage the business on a day-to-day basis. The Executive Committee has a wide spread of suitably experienced and qualified individuals in relevant roles. Overall, the Board and supporting committees (detailed below) include a balance of skills, backgrounds, experience and knowledge with all individuals making a valuable contribution. 
The size of the board is considered sufficient for the strategic needs and challenges faced by the organisation and enables effective decision making. The Board aims to meet on a quarterly basis. 
Principle 3 - Director Responsibilities 
The Group has a comprehensive system of documented delegated responsibilities with clear policies and procedures. All Directors are aware of their duties and responsibilities. Information - both financial and non-financial - is provided to the Board on a timely basis to enable the Directors to maintain an appropriate level of oversight of the wider business. All financial information is provided by a team containing a significant number of qualified accountants to ensure the integrity of the data, supported by external advisors wherever necessary. 
Subject to any limitations defined by the Group's agreed Schedule of Reserved Board Matters, the Board delegates authority for the day-to-day management of the Group to the Chief Executive, who heads the Executive Committee. This committee meets regularly, with meetings, where practicable, being held on a weekly basis. 
Principle 4 - Opportunity and Risk 
The Group operates an Audit and Risk Committee that meets at least twice a year with inputs from across the business. This committee is currently overseeing a comprehensive review of company-wide risks and controls. 
On an operational basis the Executive Committee is the principal forum for the assessment of strategic opportunities and risks. Significant strategic issues are considered and evaluated at the Board level as appropriate. 
Principle 5 - Remuneration 
The Group has a Remuneration Committee chaired by an independent director to discuss and agree material aspects of remuneration. Remuneration is aligned to individual performance and behaviours, as well as achievement of Sunseeker's purpose, value and strategies, and is set at a market competitive level to ensure that the group can attract and retain quality suitably skilled individuals. The Group annually publishes a Gender Pay Gap report which details the position on any differences in pay between the genders. 
Principle 6 - Stakeholder Relationships and Engagement 
Information relating to the Board's engagement with key stakeholders is set out in the Section 172 statement below. The Group has a whistleblowing policy and operates an independent reporting hotline through which employees are encouraged to report any concerns for investigation by senior management.
