Corporate Governance 
For the year ended 31 March 2020, the Company has applied the Wates Corporate Governance Principles for Large Private Companies (published by the Financial Reporting Council in December 2018 and available on its website}. These new corporate governance reporting requirements apply to companies reporting for financial years starting on or after 1 January 2019. 
Principle 1 - Purpose and Leadership TSUK is Tata Steel's principal operating company in the UK and an indirect material subsidiary of the TSE and TSL Groups. As a material subsidiary of TSE, oversight of TSUK and other the TSE Group companies is carried out by the TSE Board, which is also responsible for setting and reviewing strategic priorities, to which TSUK aligns, and monitoring performance. The TSE Board delegates authority for day to day management of the TSE Group's affairs to the TSE Executive Committee all of which are Board directors of TSUK together with TSE Finance Director-Corporate. 
The TSE Group of companies, formerly known as Corus, was acquired by TSL in 2007 in a transaction that created one of the world's largest steelmakers. Tata Steel was established in India in 1907. Sir Jamsetji Tata, founder of the Tata group, believed that "in a free enterprise. the community is not just another stakeholder in business, but is in fact the very purpose of its existence". Tata branded companies are committed to improving the quality of life of the communities they serve. 
TSE's vision is striving to be the global steel industry benchmark for value creation and corporate citizenship. TSE's 
mission is to build lhe leading European steel business that is sustainable in every sense which: delivers value to its shareholder; partners with customers and suppliers to innovate, produce and deliver steel products and services in a responsible way; and empowers its people and engages with its communities. 
TSE has a guiding strategic framework, approved by the TSE Board in May 2017 which sets out five key strategic priorities for the company which are Customer Focus; Value Chain Excellence; Responsible Steel; Innovation; and Leadership, People, and Culture. 
TSE has five values which are shared by all Tata companies worldwide and inform expected behaviours and practices throughout the TSE Group: 
• Pioneering - be bold and agile, courageously taking on 
challenges, using deep customer insight to develop innovative solutions. 
• Responsibility - be responsible and responsive to the 
countries, communities and environments in which the company works, always ensuring that what comes from the people goes back to the people many times over. 
• Excellence - constantly strive to achieve the highest possible standards in day-to-day work and in the quality of the goods and services the company provides. 
• Unity - work cohesively with colleagues across the Group and with customers and partners around the world, building strong relationships based on tolerance, understanding and mutual cooperation. 
• Integrity: conduct business fairly, with honesty and transparency. Everything the company does must stand the test of public scrutiny. 
TSE's purpose, values, vision, mission, strategy and key messages are communicated to the Group through internal communications, senior manager updates, senior leadership conferences, CEO videos and Town Hall briefings. More detailed information relating to TSE's strategy and values can be 
access on the TSE website https://www.tatasteeleurope.com/eri/about-us/strateqy.


Principle 2 - Board Composition The TSUK Board comprises seven directors with an appropriate balance of skills, backgrounds, experience and knowledge for the sectors in which TSUK operates. The TSE Chief Financial Officer is the TSUK Chairperson. TSUK does not have a Chief Executive Officer as this role is carried out at TSE Group level, however, the TSE Chief Executive Officer is also a director on the TSUK Board. The TSE Chief Executive Officer and TSE Chief Financial Officer are also TSE Board directors. The size and structure of the TSUK Board is appropriate for the Company. 
Day-to-day management of the TSE Group's affairs, including TSUK, is carried out by the TSE Executive Committee. A biography of each TSE Executive Committee member can be found 
on the TSE 
httos://www.tatasteeleurope.com/en/aboutus/leadership/executlve-committee 
The TSUK Board has representation from different ethnic backgrounds. The TSUK Board has one woman director and the Company Secretary is also female. There is also female representation at other senior management levels. The TSUK Board and TSE Executive Committee always bear in mind the need to take steps to further enhance the diversity of the TSE Group. 
The TSE Group does not have its own Nominations Committee as this is dealt with at TSL level. On appointment to the TSE Executive Committee, members are also appointed to the TSUK Board. Any TSUK subsidiary appointments are also required to be considered by the TSE Executive Committee for management approval. 
The Securities and Exchange Board of India (SEBI) monitors and regulates the corporate governance of TSL, which is a listed company in India. 
A TSUK Board effectiveness review will be undertaken in 2020. Previously, effectiveness reviews have been carried out at TSE Executive Committee and TSE Board levels. 
Principle 3 - Directors responsibilities The TSUK Board convenes meetings as and when required to discuss material matters affecting TSUK and its subsidiaries. including health, safety and environmental 
website at 
matters, pension matters, liquidity and key commercial and investment decisions. Since March 2020, the TSUK Board has been meeting bi-monthly to review the impact of Covid-19 on the Company, financial performance and any other significant items. Directors' interests, if any, are reported at each TSUK Board meeting. 
Governance oversight is provided at TSE Group level and, there are established TSE Audit, Remuneration and Pensions Board committees, each with a terms of reference. 
Safety, Health and Environment (SHE) matters are reviewed at TSL group level by a SHE Committee chaired by a nonexecutive director of TSL who is also a non-executive director of TSE. In addition, there is a TSE Health, Safety and Environment Forum and a TSE Process Safety Steering Committee both chaired by the TSE Chief Executive Officer and a TSE Occupational Health & Safety Committee chaired by the TSE Chief Technical Officer (a TSUK Board director). In April 2020, the TSE Board established a TSE Board Covid19 Committee to facilitate and support the management of TSE during the global coronavirus pandemic. This Committee includes the TSE Chief Executive Officer and TSE Chief Financial Officer who are also TSUK directors. 
The TSE Executive Committee receive regular and timely information on all key aspects of the business including health and safety statistics, operational and financial performance, strategic matters, compliance and risk matters, stakeholder engagement. commercial and technical updates and market conditions. TSUK Board papers setting out proposals are required to include background, current status, rationale and business case, alternatives, 
financial analysis, risk 
assessment and timelines to help inform directors with their decision making. The TSE internal audit function provides additional assurance to ensure systems and controls are operating effectively and that the quality and integrity of information is reliable. 
In 2011, following the introduction of a new operating model, TSE deployed a Group Policy Framework which sets out foundation and behavioural policies. accountability and delegated management authority levels applicable to the organisation. Each policy is sponsored by a TSE Executive


Committee member. The TSUK Board has adopted the Group Policy Framework as amended from time to time. A review of 
each of the policies took place in 2019/20 and is currently ongoing. 
Principle 4 - Opportunity and Risk The TSUK Board considers for approval material and strategic projects, contracts and opportunities (as defined by value and duration). During 2019/20, the TSUK Board has supported a TSE Transformation programme focusing on long term financial stability and sustainable value growth, 
The principal risks and uncertainties affecting TSUK are referred to in the Strategic Report and set out in more detail in the TSE Report and Accounts 2019/20. The TSE Executive Committee participates in a risk management workshop annually to assess and identify the Company's principal and emerging risks from a top down perspective. At TSE Group level, TSE has a Risk Review Committee (RRC) and an Integrity & Compliance Committee (l&CC) both of which comprise TSUK Board directors and cross-functional senior management and which meet on a quarterly basis. The RRC provides oversight of the Company's risk activities, identifies emerging risks, updates the risk register and reports to the TSE Executive Committee and to Tata Steel Group Risk Review Committee. Regular external assessments are undertaken to benchmark the risk maturity of the Company, with the next assessment expected in 2020/21, to continue in the alignment of risk reporting across the wider Tata Steel Group. TSUK continues to progress its ambition to become risk intelligent. The l&CC review compliance and asset protection matters, including whistleblowing, and report to the TSE Executive Committee quarterly and to the TSE Audit Committee half-yearly and by exception. In addition, TSE has a Cyber Response Team chaired by the Chief Technical Officer (a TSUK director). 
Principle 5 - Remuneration TSE has a Remuneration Policy which sets out TSUK reward and recognition principles and the criteria describing key drivers for base and variable pay. TSUK follows a reward philosophy that will enable it to attract, retain and motivate the people it needs lo deliver its objectives, is competitive in relevant markets, links to the achievement of the corporate objectives and follows the principles of being simple, objective 
and fair. TSUK reward processes support talent management and career development. 
A Remuneration Committee operates at TSE Group level. and which comprises at least one non-executive director, has as a principal objective to determine the r~muneration policy, for TSE Executive Committee members and TSE Board executive directors. The remuneration of TSE Board nonexecutive directors is a matter for the TSE Chairperson and for the parent company, TSL. The remit of the TSE Board Remuneration Committee is set out in terms of reference which are being updated in 2020 to reflect the Wates Principles. In determining remuneration packages, including any bonus or incentive arrange,ments. the TSE Board Remuneration Committee is required to have regard to the principles of good corporate governance. Targets are set against TSE Group performance, safety objectives and personal behaviours and performance and are cascaded by the TSE Executive Committee to senior managers in the TSE Group, including TSUK. 
The Executive Director, Human Resources (a TSUK Board director and TSE Executive Committee member) is the principal source of information and internal advice for the TSE Board Remuneration Committee. External benchmarking is undertaken periodically to ensure alignment with good practice and the market. 
TSUK has published its Gender Pay Gap Report for 2019, which 
is available on the TSE Website 
(https://www.tatasteeleurope.com/en/sustainability/people). Further information in relation to the Gender Pay Gap is available on page 5. 
Principle 6 - Stakeholder Relationships and Engagement The TSUK Board recognises the importance of effective communication with its stakeholders in order to deliver its purpose, vision, mission and strategy and ensure protection of TSUK's relationships, reputation and brand. TSUK's stakeholders include its shareholders, customers, suppliers, employees and employee representatives, pensioners, banks, Government bodies, and the local communities in which it operates. 
The TSE Group. including TSUK prioritise the health, safety and wellbeing of employees. contractors and other partners


through a Health & Safety framework including zero harm and 5 key health and safety commitments. Through the Peoplelink system, TSUK offers online learning and 
development courses accessible by employees, including a series of mental health modules as well as other health, safety and wellbeing training. 
TSUK deploys a number of strategies for employee engagement, including Town Hall briefings allowing employees to receive performance updates and ask questions directly to TSE Executive Committee members. Annual Plan cascade meetings are also held to communicate the strategy and goals for the financial year ahead. Regular Employee Surveys, including pulse surveys, are conducted the results of which are used to drive areas for improvement for employee engagement. 
TSUK also engages with trade unions as appropriate. In 2019/20 TSUK has engaged with employee representatives in relation to the employment and organisation aspects of the TSE Transformation Programme. It has also engaged with the UK trade unions to agree furlough arrangements under UK Government Coronavirus Job Retention Scheme due to the global pandemic. TSUK has also liaised with trade unions in relation to business closures and divestments. 
The TSUK Board includes directors of the TSE Group parent company, TSE. TSUK is also required to report to the ultimate parent company, TSL on regulatory matters and on matters referred to in the TSE Group Policy Framework and in order to support the Tata Steel Group's overall corporate governance requirements. 
Following the Regulated Apportionment Arrangement in 2017. which separated the British Steel Pension Scheme from TSUK and certain affiliated companies. TSUK has minority shareholders. TSUK communicates and provides information to the minority shareholders in accordance with the reporting requirements set out in the shareholders agreement. 
TSUK Board directors and senior managers with the relevant areas of expertise liaise with Government bodies, including regulators, as appropriate. 
The TSE Group has a Responsible Procurement Policy which underpins TSE's commitment to ensuring supply chain transparency. This policy applies to all goods and services supplied to TSUK and their respective entire supply chains. The policy has the following principles: health and safety, fair 
business practices, environmental protection, human rights and local community development. A due diligence management system for the complete supply base has been implemented in order to identify applicable risks and take appropriate steps to mitigate them. Further information can be found on the TSE website. 
Customer focus is a key strategic priority, the TSE Group's business model maximises direct engagement with customers which is aligned to market sectors and allows for continuous feedback. The TSE Group review and evaluate performance annually through a Customer Satisfaction survey. 
As a leading steel producer, the TSE Group is dedicated to managing its operations responsibly and to continuous improvement. In October 2019, TSE received a "steelie" award for developing a Lifecycle Assessment tool to assess the sustainability of new product developments. In June 2020, TSE and TSL were recognised for the third consecutive year as Steel Sustainability Champions by the worldsteel association. 
TSUK is committed to working in partnership with its local communities to support their social and economic wellbeing. The TSE Group's Community Partnership Programme provides investment in a range of sustainable initiatives that bring benefits to large groups within local communities. 
TSUK with local partners hosts a "Girls into STEM" event giving girls aged 12-14 the opportunity to visit the steel industry and learn about engineering as a career. TSE also holds various Tata Kids of Steel events across Europe in areas it operates which are of series of inclusive and fun sports activities. In 2020, TSE introduced a "Women in Steel" podcast series interviewing TSE women senior leaders to provide insights and encouragement to wider employees. 
The TSE Group has a Confidential Reporting Line which allows employees and others to report potential concerns while remaining anonymous.


A review of the TSE Group's performance, processes and practices is carried out bi-annually as part of a Tata Business Excellence Model (TBEM) assessment in which assessors from other Tata group companies review the business against a set criteria. Leadership is a key category of the assessment 
mociel 'and the assessors review the operation of governance 
in the TSE Group. The TBEM process enhances value for all stakeholders and contributes to market place success, maximises enterprise-wide effectiveness and capabilities and delivers organisational and personal learning. At the end of the assessment, feedback is provided to the TSE Board who then make recommendations for improvement. The TSE Group is currently preparing for its next TBEM assessment with a vision and roadmap towards being recognised as an industry leader by 2025. 
Statement of engagement with suppliers, customers and others in a business relationship with the company TSUK's engagement with suppliers, customers and others with whom it is in a business relationship is addressed in the Strategic Report and under Corporate Governance, Principle 6onpage13. 
Statement of engagement with employees TSUK's engagement with employees and the workforce is addressed in the Strategic Report and under Corporate Governance, Principle 6 on page 13.

