Statement of corporate governance arrangements 

The Directors have adopted the Wates Principles for Large Private Companies, and the commentary below explains how each Principle has been applied within its corporate governance arrangements. 

Principle 1 - Purpose and Leadership 
The Company's purpose is to keep the UK and Ireland's communications assets and data connected and protected. Our purpose is reflected in our Company values of service, commitment and value, which are promoted throughout the organisation, such as inclusion within our staff performance reviews. 
The board reviews HR key performance indicators on a monthly basis in order to monitor culture, and engages with staff directly through Roadshows, the Employee Forum and the periodic Employee Survey. This year we received an Investors in People silver accreditation, which indicates that we have actively applied their principles consistently throughout our organisation from a senior level. The board has established Operations Committees, which are responsible for ensuring that the Company's operational performance, budget and strategic activity align with its overall purpose and strategic direction.


Purpose 2 - Board Composition 
A total of 9 directors are appointed to the board. We have been advised following an independent review that this board size is in line with sector best practice, and we believe that it is appropriate for the scale and complexity of the Company. Our board includes 8 executive directors - a Chief Executive Officer, Finance Director, Chief Operating Officer and HR Director, as well as 4 Managing Directors. Each Managing Director is aligned to a business unit that is resourced to meet the needs of a particular market segment. Executive director biographies can be found at www.telent.com/about/management-team. In addition, Heather Green is a non-executive director of the Company, and she brings extensive experience in investor relations and financial controller roles for both Alstom and Marconi. 
Each of our directors is required to carry out an annual organisational capability review and receives their own personal annual performance review. Every year the board is briefed on their directors duties by the Company Secretary. During this financial year, the board has enhanced its business continuity planning. 
Principle 3 - Responsibilities 
The board has adopted formal terms of reference, which state that its duties are implementing the strategic direction of the Company set by telent Limited and in doing so setting the Company's values and standards and ensuring compliance with UK and global relevant legal and regulatory requirements. The board has designated a schedule of matters specifically reserved to it for decision and has also delegated its authority to its·operations Committees and individual directors as appropriate. 
The board is accountable to the board of telent Limited, which has reserved various matters and oversees performance of the telent Group as a whole. The board of telent Limited includes non-executive directors that provide independent challenge. Heather Green acts as the Chairman of the Company. As the Chief Financial Officer of telent Limited, she has no executive role in the operating business of the Company, and therefore can support effective decisionmaking and independent challenge. Every year, directors are given training to remind them of the nature and extent of their directors' duties. 
The board meets on average 12 times per year and receives monthly briefings on health & safety, financial and HR performance, as well as a rotating agenda of other strategic topics. The Operations Committees support operational delivery by reviewing, and constructively challenging where necessary, monthly performance of the business units and central functions against the Company's strategic direction, as well as annual proposals for operating and capital expenditure budgets and strategic activity. 
Principle 4 - Opportunity and Risk 
Opportunities are regularly identified from bidding activity and continual improvement initiatives, and the actions taken are overseen by the board's Operations Committees. The Operations Committees also conducts an annual strategy review, with the Company's strategic direction ultimately being approved by the board of telent Limited. 
Risks are identified and managed using a variety of internal control mechanisms, spanning from local project risk registers to corporate ISO management systems. Every year, all senior managers are asked to provide a Letter of Assurance in respect of compliance with these controls. The board reviews the Company's risk register as a whole biannually in addition to regular oversight from the Operations Committees. 
Principle 5 - Remuneration 
Our board are subject to long term pay incentives. Their remuneration is reviewed on an annual basis against 
industry benchmark data, reflecting the same approach applied to all employees of the Company. This remuneration is approved by the board of telent Limited, providing the opportunity for independent challenge by its non-executive directors 
Principle 6 - Stakeholders 
Our board understands the importance of regular engagement with our key stakeholders to meet our strategic aims. For more information, please see our s172(1) statement above.

