Corporate Governance Statement The Board has chosen to report the Company’s governance arrangements against the Wates Principles detailed below: Principle One: Purpose and leadership 
The Board, supported by the Executive Leadership Team, are responsible for promoting our Company’s purpose of making every day better through personal experiences that count supported by our Customer Led Mobile First strategy. This is underpinned by our company values of being Bold, Open and Trusted which is demonstrated in our commitment in being a responsible business, our business principles and our company policies. Our policies and procedures are updated regularly and continually reviewed against desired behaviours and culture as well as values. 
Culture 
Our company values, are embedded in our performance management processes. Our leadership development programmes bring the values to life and provide leaders in the business with greater detail about what great values leadership looks like. 
The ‘Ourstars’ site, hosted on Workplace, allows our people to recognise colleagues for demonstrating our values and to share these examples with the whole business, highlighting and celebrating our desired behaviours. The Executive Leadership Team regularly reference and demonstrate the values as well as giving awards throughout the year to those living the values across the organisation. Events through the year such as ‘O2s Got Talent’, and National Inclusion Week regularly encourage our people to be Bold and Open outside of their day to day roles. 
Principle Two: Board composition 
The Board (which is comprised of the Chief Executive Officer and the Chief Financial Officer) with the support of the Executive Leadership Team (ELT) (comprised of the two principle committees) has overall accountability and oversight responsibilities which forms part of the governance framework to deliver the Company’s purpose. 
Principle committees (ELT) 
The ELT are members of the two principle committees; the Operating Committee and Strategy Committee (Principle Committee). The Principle Committee members are; the Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer, the General Counsel, the Chief HR Officer and Chief of; the Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer, the General Counsel, the Chief HR Officer and Chief of Staff, the Chief Marketing Officer, the Chief Operating Officer, the Sales Director, Director of Business and Directorate of Corporate Affairs. Full details of the Committee structure and the Leadership Team bios can be found on the Company’s website https://www.o2.co.uk/abouto2/our-leadership-team 
Delegation of authority 
The Board has a number of other committees to consider specific matters within the framework of the Telefónica Group Operating Model and Delegated Authorities whilst maintaining objectivity in managing the affairs of the Company. The ELT has the necessary skills and experience to make valuable contributions in promoting the success of the Company and is committed to ensuring that the Company is managed according to the highest standards of corporate governance. The Board regularly reviews the composition of the ELT and consequently appointed the Director of Corporate Affairs to the ELT in 2019, recognising the value that those skills and experience would add to the ELT. The ELT has a 55/45 split of female vs male representatives. 
Effectiveness 
The ELT and the Board are committed to ongoing professional development. During the period the ELT (which include the members of the Board) participated in regular leadership and personal development sessions to ensure they have the right skills to discharge their duties and work effectively as the leadership team. In addition, the Board increased the number of meetings to distinguish its oversight and accountability responsibilities from the day today operational responsibilities of the ELT. Also, we conduct annual Committee Effectiveness reviews for all committees to ensure they operate effectively. As a result we enhanced the governance process, in particular the flow of information to the Board and Committees to ensure that the decision makers have timely and sufficient information to discharge their duties. 
Principle Three: Responsibilities Committees 
The Board has established two principal committees: namely • The Operating Committee who monitor the operating and financial performance of the UK businesses as a whole and assesses risk; and 
• The Strategy Committee which monitors the external market and competitive forces in the UK, develops strategy and monitors key strategic projects. The main focus during the year included a review of the medium to long term strategic plan. 
Other committees reporting directly to the Board are: • The Assurance Forum which considers the internal control framework and assists the ELT in fulfilling certain oversight responsibilities in the areas of governance, risk management and compliance framework. 
• The National Security Committee which considers policy and issues in respect of the company’s specific legal obligation as a communication provider. 
• The Pensions Committee which considers matters relating to the Telefonica UK Pension Plan of which the Company is the Principal Employer and liaises with the Trustee of the Plan. 
• The Responsible Business Taskforce which considers matters related to the delivery of the Company’s sustainability and responsibility strategy. It also considers the Company’s disclosure of non-financial reporting matters. Full details of our approach to being a responsible business is published on the Company’s website. 
There are other forums that assist with operational matters such as the Incentives Forum which oversees all of the sale related incentive schemes, including those sponsored by a third party supplier. 
Accountability 
The Board and its committees have a defined charter of roles and responsibilities and terms of reference detailing their responsibilities and delegated authority. The Board has delegated authority to the Operating Committee to establish the policies and practices that govern the internal affairs of the Company. They retain oversight of the policies including the review of the policy management framework. The Board regularly receives reports from the direct committees with delegated responsibilities and deals with board reserved matters. 
Information integrity 
The ELT receive regular updates on all key aspects of the business including financial performance, and on strategy and operational matters. In addition, Board information on non-financial matters are monitored with KPIs for all business areas which are reviewed by at least one member of the Senior Leadership Team to ensure information integrity in order to assist the ELT with the effective monitoring of the Company’s performance and inform decision making. 
Principle Four: Opportunity and Risk Opportunity 
We have an agreed 3-year planning process that engages and collaborates with the relevant stakeholders across all business units to develop our Strategic ambitions. This identifies new market and product opportunities and the relevant actions that need to be taken in order to create a suitable case for investment if appropriate to do so. 
How we manage our risks 
We recognise that risks are inherent in all business and company activities, and that effective risk management contributes to the development of the business through an appropriate balance between growth, return and risk. 
We have a comprehensive Enterprise-wide Risk Management Framework in place, which is aligned with ISO31000:2009 Principles and Guidelines for Risk Management. This is supported by our Risk Management Policy and detailed process which have been independently assessed by the BSI against the ISO31000:2009 Standard. The risk management framework forms part of the internal control framework, which is aligned to COSO (Committee of Sponsoring Organisations) standards as discussed on page 38.


Risk Appetite Principle Five: Remuneration 
Telefonica Group has established the acceptable risk level (Risk Appetite) each year for O2. This defined level enables O2 to deliver value creation, growth and performance whilst managing risk exposure in a measured accountable way. When applied to our strategy decision making, this helps the Company’s management to select appropriate strategies within its acceptable risk level. 
Risk Framework & Process Summary 
The framework is designed to identify, assess, manage, monitor and treat significant risks that could adversely affect the future success of the organisation. 
• The risk management process takes, as a starting reference, the strategy and objectives of the Company, as a basis for the identification of the main risks that may affect their achievement. Then, more broadly, our model considers three complementary perspectives: overall (top-down), local (bottom-up) and cross-functional (projects and processes). This approach includes the consideration of the external environment. 
• The identified risks are assessed in a qualitative and/or quantitative way in order to prioritise the follow-up and response to these risks, usually through mitigation plans, or strategies to avoid or transfer these risks. 
• Regular reporting gives management awareness of key risks and the capacity to assign the most effective resources at the optimal moment to control and respond to the risks and opportunities identified. 
• Risk insight allows Internal Audit to prioritise its activities for the supervision of the internal control structures. Risk Management Execution & Oversight 
The activities that underpin these risk management processes are facilitated across the business by individuals who execute their respective risk management roles and responsibilities in their team. They are supported by a dedicated Central Risk Management team and network of Risk Champions. 
The most significant risks to the Business are presented to the ELT at regular intervals each year for discussion, validation and direction. This takes place via the Operating Committee and Statutory Board, with the support of the Assurance Forum. These structures drive accountability and direction for O2’s risk exposures. 
Details of the Principal Risks and Uncertainties facing the Business are disclosed in pages 22 to 27 of the Strategic Report. 
Internal Control 
The Company’s internal control framework is configured as a process that is integrated into our daily activities. The Internal Control Framework incorporates preventive and verifying functions structured in an integrated way: Preventative - Company Policies, Risk Management, Monitoring and Operational Controls. The control control framework has been designed to meet the requirements of the Sarbanes Oxley Act 2002. 
Internal Audit 
Internal Audit is responsible for confirming the adequate function and operation of the internal control and risk management structures. It will also help to identify possible inefficiencies or non-compliance of the control system. 
Each month Internal Audit reports to the ELT on the Governance, Risk and Control key performance indicators, which is based on a set of metrics covering the management of risks, the implementation of any control and/or internal audit actions identified. The status of the KPI and actions required are reported to each Business area on a monthly basis. 
The focus of the Group’s Remuneration Policy is to ensure that the business can attract, reward and retain the best leadership talent, enabling it to meet our strategic targets within a highly competitive and globalised setting. The pay principles and the approach outlined below is for employees including the ELT. 
A significant portion of the renumeration is delivered in variable pay, which is designed to incentivise the achievement of the Company’s short- and long-term goals. The short-term variable remuneration is linked to achieving specific financial, business, customer satisfaction and sustainability objectives. The long-term variable remuneration is linked to the value creation in the Group by measuring the shareholders’ return on investment and key economic financial objectives. 
The positioning of base pay is based on • the external benchmark data applicable to an individual’s role • the internal pay range or the pay points for an individual’s grade and individual’s performance • the Company’s overall pay budget which is determined by financial position and company performance. There are formal negotiations with Trade Unions and consultation with employee representatives on pay and benchmarking. The pay ranges of each of our grades are set competitively using robust external market data which is reviewed at least annually. 
There are two ways in which an individual’s salary can be reviewed: • Annual pay review – awards are made on an annual basis based on budget, position against external market data and individual performance. 
• Exceptional pay review – requests can be submitted for out of cycle pay reviews on the basis of a retention risk and/or misalignment to the internal or external market. 
Both of these processes are managed centrally by a Reward team with detailed governance and approvals in place and clear/consistent guidance being given to line managers. In delivering pay reviews in this way, it is possible to monitor all awards from a cost, equity, fairness and diversity perspective. 
There is an additional level of governance for ELT pay which is strictly determined and assessed by Group Remuneration Committee. The ELT renumeration details are disclosed in notes 7 and 8 of the Financial Statements. 
Details of the gender pay gap report is published on the Company’s website here. 
All our people on a permanent contract are eligible for our Flexible Benefits programme to help improve their lifestyle. This includes an employee share scheme which is called Share in Success Share where they can choose to invest up to £1,800 or 10% of their salary (whichever is the lower) in Telefónica, S.A. (our parent company) shares per tax year. 
Principle Six: Stakeholder Relationship and Engagement Our stakeholders are classified as any group that may be affected by our business in a significant manner such 
as customers, people, suppliers, strategic partners, the regulator, government, our shareholders, society and the environment. The ELT continues to promote the long-term aspirations for the company and considers the wider interest of the stakeholders. The CEO, as the chair of the ELT holds a monthly meeting with the sole Shareholder to understand the shareholders views and regularly updates the ELT to ensure alignment between the Company and the shareholder. 
External impact 
The ELT is committed to working with people to help them live better with tech through our Blueprint ambition to help 20 million people live better with tech by 2020. This brings our purpose to our communities and invites everyone to come together for the good and to help bring positive change. We aim to help society as a whole, not just our customers, and to improve people’s lives, now and in the future. Full details of our Blueprint can be found on the Company https://www.o2.co.uk/our-blueprint 
Stakeholders 
The ELT promotes the Company values, Bold, Open and Trusted in dealings with all external stakeholders. Each Stakeholder Group has at least one member of the ELT as an Executive Sponsor to help manage the day to day relationship. The ELT receive regular updates on stakeholder matters.


Customer We build relationships and listen to our customers through a number of channels. 
Business Partners 
We have focused on delivering support that would enable O2 to be “easier to do business with”. We have launched a new Partner Hub which is a central area where all Partners receive their O2 communications. 
Customer closeness – We engage our customers via online video focus groups, video interviews and broader online discussion rooms. Insight from the sessions was delivered face to face across 10 driver workshops and reports, which fed directly into our NPS plans for 2020 with clear leadership accountability. We have monthly open discussion forums with the consumer and SMB communities. We also actively listen to conversations on social networks and consider the feedback. 
Our Enterprise customers have dedicated account and service management teams. This allow us to maintain an ongoing relationship with these customers. Our customer facing teams can be present within the Enterprise customer’s own environment. Our partnership approach allows us to understand their ongoing and evolving business needs and priorities, and how we can help them to achieve these. Additionally, members of our ELT are sponsors for some of our Enterprise accounts to help further with customer engagement. We also actively promote and interact with our customers through industry events for example, Blue Door Events for our Enterprise Customers and Innovation Workshops. 
In 2019 we introduced the ‘Voice of the Customer Mission Team’ – a working group made up of subject matter experts from across the business and our partner, Capita. Our role is to be the single voice of the customer across our channels. Shared ideas remove duplication of effort and seek out improvement opportunities, utilising cross directorate expertise and influence. 
Customer Experience measurement programme (FanBASE) - Over 1 million customers responded to our text surveys to share their views of O2 products, services and experiences. The feedback is shared across the business including front line teams so they can learn from our customer’s experience. 
NPS Relationship survey – We supplement our text surveys, We use a representative sample from the fanbase and other customers from an online panel, who have opted into complete surveys to help the business to understand where we can improve and what we are doing right. 
Closing the loop - As a customer led organisation, we offer all dissatisfied customers (from our text or NPS survey) the option to talk to us. Over 27,000 customers have been offered the real time URL to book an appointment, 90% of customers who have spoken to the team consider their issue resolved after this contact. 
Mystery shopping - O2 employ a 3rd party agency to carry out monthly mystery shopping visits to stores throughout the UK. They are designed to monitor the compliancy of store staff during the sales experience (e.g. contract explanation, credit check process, RPI explanation). Monthly reports are issued which highlight any areas and opportunities to make improvements for our customers. 
Customer Advisory Forum - 2019 saw the introduction of our new Customer Advisory Forum, chaired by the COO. This is a strategic forum for our most significant customers, who have access to our unique insights and relationships and collaborate to explore how we can create greater value. The group meets at least twice a year to share ideas and experiences around common business challenges and provide input and advice on O2’s strategies and direction. 
Vulnerable customers 
Through our regulators, extensive research and cross industry best practice we understand the areas of our business where there is a higher likelihood of interacting with customers in vulnerable situations. In response to this, as well as training all front line colleagues, we have a number of specialist teams who focus on meeting the needs of our most vulnerable customers; this includes Customer Relations who support customers who have experienced a bereavement and those diagnosed with long-term illness, Payment Management supporting customers in financial difficulties and Access For You for customers who struggle with our conventional channels due to their personal circumstances. 
We continue our work with Ombudsman Services, our Regulators and Citizens Advice and have visited a number of “Centres of Excellence” in supporting vulnerable customers, to understand other areas of vulnerability which may impact our customers; this helps us to continually develop strategies to support customers appropriately through our various service channels, new technology and self-service options. 
Both Ofcom and the FCA have recently produced guidance on treating vulnerable customers fairly and there is a lot of emphasis on gathering feedback from vulnerable customers to ensure they are getting the support they need and we will continue to work with them to find the best way to do this. 
We have a regular programme of engagement with each partnership segment such as weekly meetings to discuss trading performance, any day to day issues and opportunities. We have quarterly briefing sessions to cascade key messages from O2 and to discuss strategic opportunities/issues. There are feedback opportunities through Forums, informal group discussions and conferences. In addition we use Webex sessions to promote marketing campaigns and new products and Partners are encouraged to give feedback. O2 conduct an Annual Partner Survey which allows Partners to feedback on all aspects of the support they receive which in turn drives a priority action list enabling us to provide updates on the actions. The ELT engages at key Partner events. 
Our People We have various means to engage with our employees and to act upon their feedback: 
Conference: We held our annual conference over three days in London for our people. The audience got to hear about our key objectives for 2019. All members of the ELT presented plans for each area with the theme of #weareo2. 
Wider Leadership Team/Senior Leadership Team events: Each quarter, through face to face or livestream events, The ELT share important updates against company objectives with all leaders in our business. They will focus on key messages and initiatives so ensure that our performance continues to centre around our strategy. 
Listening Tour: We run regular Listening Tours where a co-ordinated programme of the ELT and senior members of the business visit company-owned stores to engage with, obtain feedback from the ground and motivate our people on the shop-floor. 
Workplace: Our internal social media platform where we can cascade key messages to our people and provide a forum for them to share feedback, ideas and news from around the Business. 
Global Engagement Survey: every year we encourage our people to provide their views on working in the business. They can also share feedback which can help identify areas for improvement within the business which we aim to address. 
Quarterly update: Each quarter, members of the ELT share our business financial results and strategy updates with our people which includes our financial and economic factors. These are held face to face across all our sites and supported with information on Workplace. 
Employee representatives: On a regular basis, we engage with the trade unions and employee representatives on a broad range of employee related matters to maintain a positive and collaborative industrial climate within the business. The CEO and HR Director meets with the trade unions annually to communicate the Company’s strategy and direction. In addition, there are regular meetings between the trade unions, functional leaders and HR to listen the concerns and views of the employee representatives, and act on those concerns where appropriate. We undertake collective consultation for all formal transformation activities such as change to roles, changes to terms & conditions, restructure and redundancy programmes, TUPE, compensation changes. 
Telefonica UK Pension Plan (“the Plan”) 
The Company’s Pension Plan is held and managed under trust. The fiduciary responsibility for operating the Plan is with an independent set of Pension Trustees. The Company engages with the Pension Trustees through regular communication, meetings and information sharing. The Pension Trustees consult with the Company on all their principal decisions around the operation of the Plan. Examples of decisions taken during the year include: • Company and Trustee agreement to change the investment strategy in the Defined Contribution Section of the Plan. The changes will incorporate a greater weighting to Environmental, Social and Governance factors in the investments held by members. 
• Joint agreement around a framework to monitor the long-term funding progression of the Defined Benefit (DB) Section of the Plan. This framework is a joint strategy to manage the investment and other risks associated with the DB Section pension liabilities.


Regulators Ofcom 
Analysts and Media We engage with analysts and the media to increase understanding and perceptions of our business externally. 
We are subject to sectoral regulation administered by Ofcom, the Communications Regulator. The UK regulatory regime is wide ranging and includes regulation designed to: protect consumers; provide universal services; ensure the availability of electronic networks and services; and address enduring competition problems. Ofcom is also responsible for policy relating to spectrum, including setting Annual Licence Fees and administering spectrum awards. It is essential that we have a full, constructive working relationship with the regulator. 
In 2019 Ofcom implemented the following initiatives. • Bill spend caps: Delivers the capability for our customers to set a usage cap to their account. The customer’s account will be barred once the agreed usage limit is reached. 
• Text to Switch: The new text functionality to help improve the customer experience when they want to switch providers. 
In our relationship with Ofcom, we seek to further the interests of the Company so we can always deliver great experiences for our customers. We have a regulatory team responsible for managing the relationship with Ofcom, including developing regulatory policy; responding to consultation documents and requests for information; and managing enforcement investigations. The team provides updates to the ELT on a regular basis. Our CEO meets with Ofcom’s CEO on a quarterly basis and there are regular meetings between members of our ELT and senior officials in Ofcom. 
We responded to Ofcom consultations relating to the proposed forthcoming award for 700 MHz and 3.6 - 3.8 GHz spectrum. That spectrum is expected to be auctioned in spring 2020. Also we engaged in Ofcom’s reviews of the Business Connectivity market and Physical Infrastructure market, which culminated, in July 2019, in a regulatory duty on Openreach to provide unconstrained access to its ducts and poles and charge controls on ethernet circuits (used in the provision of mobile backhaul services). 
In 2019, Ofcom conducted several enforcement investigations into the company. In November 2019, Ofcom found that we had not breached our statutory duty to take appropriate measures to protect our network, in relation to the December 2018 network outage. 
FCA 
O2 continues to maintain a strong relationship with the FCA. We report on various metrics such as finance and complaints which are shared on a quarterly basis. The complaints is published on our website here. We engaged with the FCA on the implementation of the Senior Managers Review Framework which came into force on 9 December 2019. There were no FCA determinations against us. 
ICO 
The ICO is the UK’s independent body set up to uphold information rights. The Executive Leadership Team monitors regulatory complaints, personal data breaches and any regulatory sanctions. We seek a constructive engagement with the regulator in all areas and take appropriate remediation actions to drive continuous improvement in support of our customer led strategy. 
We engage with ICO to foster a constructive relationship with the regulator in support of our business strategy. We engage in a range of ways including consultations, industry initiatives and day to day contact. In 2019 we responded to ICO’s Consultation on “Age appropriate design: a code of practice for online services” and on “The accountability toolkit”. 
Government 
We work with the Government to help secure a more progressive and favourable policy environment for our business priorities. We have regular meetings and written correspondence, either through the Public Affairs team, or directly with the CEO and issues that matter to the Business and our Customers. An example negotiating and securing the Single Rural Network. 
Launching our 5G service in October generated over 500 pieces of coverage across all types of media outlets including broadcast. We also secured extensive press coverage when we announced we had increased paternity leave to 14 weeks for all permanent employees, acknowledging the importance of sharing and caring responsibilities and flexible working as part of our employee benefits. Many pieces highlighted that the policy is one of the best available in the retail sector. 
Suppliers 
Every year O2 spends a significant amount with its supply base in order to meet our bought in requirements for goods and services. It’s important that we purchase the correct quality and the best price from those suppliers to meet our requirements. 
Our default position is to purchase through competitive Request For Proposals wherever possible and in-line with our Group’s model. This ensures interaction with potential vendor base that is larger than just existing suppliers. 
The Supplier relationship management covers Service Level Agreement compliance, continuous improvement, risk management, innovation, and commercials. All suppliers are managed within a governance framework, according to their tiering. For example, we have monthly service reviews, quarterly relationship meetings and bi-annual executive strategic discussions. 
As a business certified to ISO 44001 Collaborative Business Relationships Management, we have identified specific supply areas where we want a collaborative relationship and we work with such suppliers. Within a formal relationship management model design to maximise the value of the relationship to both parties and optimise our collective performance in support of the end customers. As part of the Telefonica group we routinely survey our Suppliers to understand their experience of doing business with Telefonica. Additionally we carry out local relationship reviews where we review and optimise our working relationship. 
We share our sustainability requirements with suppliers and, via contractual terms, commit our suppliers and their extended supply chain to align to them. For example, our procurement goal is to manage and minimise emissions in our supply chain. To this end we contractually require suppliers to have active carbon reduction programmes and we have contractually agreed programmes (as independently assessed by the Carbon Trust) with 20% of our supply chain emission sources. 
Additionally we also collaborate via the Joint Audit Cooperation (JAC) an Memorandum of Understanding between other mobile operators to assess suppliers in our common supply chains against a synthesis of our collective ethical codes. It’s an initiative that we have participated in for many years. Each year we collectively assess approximately 100 suppliers in our common supply chains. In the 2019 campaign we have: • driven 20 x JAC Academy audits by our suppliers to our audit standard • conducted 20 x surveys of workers in our collective supply chains • driven 93 x JAC audits collectively 
We prohibit all forms of forced labour by our suppliers. Following government guidelines, we identify ‘at risk’ areas of our supply chain and engage with those suppliers to assess how they manage Modern slavery risk. This happens as part of our general management of human rights in the supply chain. A full explanation of our approach to managing Modern slavery risks can be found in the our Modern Slavery Statement published annually on the Company’s website. 
During 2019 we strengthened our management of suppliers involved in work that falls under the Construction Design Management (CDM) Regulations and other safety critical activities. Such suppliers must now have Safe Contractor Safety Scheme in Procurement accreditation. You can see the suppliers involved in different activities in our nonfinancial report
