Corporate Governance 

For the year ended 31 December 2019, under the Companies (Miscellaneous Reporting) Regulations 2018, the Company has applied the Wates Corporate Governance Principles for Large Private Companies. 
As part of the Group's preparation for the new requirements a review has been undertaken during 2019 to assess to what extent the Group applies the Wates principles. The outcome of this review is set out below. Throughout 2020, the Board will continue to review and challenge how the Group can improve engagement with its employees and other stakeholders. 
Principle 
Principle One:. Purpose and Leadership 
An effective board develops and promotes the purpose of a company, and ensures that its values, strategy and culture align with that purpose. 
How has Travelodge applied it. 
We have a clear strategy of becoming the "Favourite Hotel for Value" which defines our purpose and behaviours. 
Our purpose is provide affordable travel for everyone. We are the low-cost choice and aim to offer our customers the right balance of location, price and quality for their travel needs. 
Travelodge's purpose and behaviours were initially set in 2013, under the Boards direction, to guide the organisation's strategy, decisions, processes and culture and have been updated in 2019 as we have progressed implementation of the strategy. The purpose is communicated through the annual group conference and quarterly leadership events. 
As part of this the Group promotes amongst other things: a positive health and safety culture, an Equality and Diversity group, a Health and Wellbeing programme including employee assistance and a charity partnership with The British Heart Foundation. 
Principle Two: Board 
Composition Effective board composition requires an effective chair and a balance of skills, backgrounds, experience and knowledge, with individual directors having sufficient capacity to make a valuable contribution. The size of a board should be guided by the scale and complexity of the company. 
The Group has a separate Chairman and Chief Executive to ensure.that the balance of responsibilities, accountabilities and decision making across the Group are effectively maintained. The Chairman plays a pivotal role in creating the conditions for overall Board and individual director effectiveness. 
The Board comprises a Chairman, Chief Executive, Chief Financial Officer and three owner appointed directors who are not involved in the executive management of the Group (see pages 35 and 36). Two of these Non-Executive Directors are appointed from within the owner entities they represent and the other is appointed by one of the owner entities, but works externally to their business. 
We are committed to further improving diversity of our board as opportunities arise, within the constraints of our articles of association, which provide that the majority of our board-members are direct representatives of our shareholders, and therefore not appointed by the company. 
The Non-Executive Director appointed by an Owner, but working externally to their business, brings experience in hospitality, digital, finance and audit, in addition to perspectives and challenge from outside the sectors in which the Group operates. All Directors of the Board have access to company secretarial advice and may, if they wish, take professional advice at the company's expense .. 
The duties of the Board are executed partially through committees. One or more Board Directors attend and act as chair to the relevant committees, including Audit, Safety, Security and Risk, and Investment.


Good governance supports open and fair business, ensures that the company has the right safeguards in place and makes certain that every decision it takes is underpinned by the right considerations. Whilst Board oversight is always maintained, key decisions are made by individuals and committees with the most appropriate knowledge and industry experience. The Board meets a minimum of six times a year, with further meetings convened as necessary. 
Principle Three: Director Responsibilities 
The board and individual directors should have a clear understanding of their accountability and responsibilities. 
The board's policies and procedures should support effective decisionmaking and independent challenge. 
The Board delegates authority for day-to-day management of the company to the Chief Executive Officer. Certain governance responsibilities are delegated to other committees (Audit, Safety, Security and Risk and Investment) under a formal delegated authority framework approved by the chairman and Board. These committees include Board Directors who support effective decision making. 
The Board receives regular, timely information on all key aspects of the business including Health & Safety, risks and opportunities, the financial performance of the business, strategy, operational matters and market conditions, supported by specific Key Performance Indicators. 
Key financial information is collated from the Group's various accounting systems. The Group's financial function is appropriately qualified to ensure the integrity of this information and is responsible for remaining compliant with regulatory changes. Financial information is currently externally audited by PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP on an annual basis. 
Other key information is prepared by relevant internal functions. The processes for collecting data, as well as reporting of that data, are reviewed on an annual basis by the Group's Safety, Security and Risk function. 
We will demonstrate our commitment to this area by reviewing our audit capability of both financial controls and areas of business risk in 2020. In 2019 we reviewed our internal audit capability and designed a 3 year audit programme of financial controls at both our hotels and head office alongside other business risk mitigation controls. 
The Board seeks out opportunity whilst mitigating risk. 

Principle Four: Opportunity and Risk 
A board should promote the longterm sustainable success of the company by identifying opportunities to create and preserve value, and establishing oversight for the identification and mitigation of risks. 
Strategic opportunities are highlighted to, and discussed with the Board at each Group Strategy review typically on an annual basis. Short term opportunities to improve performance are also reviewed in the normal course of business. 
The Audit Committee, consisting of the Independent Non-Executive Director (as chairman), the Chairman of the Board and other Board and functional leads attending by invitation as appropriate, ensures that material risks both inherent and emerging are identified and managed appropriately. The focus during 2019 was on reviewing the effectiveness of the approach to identification, classification and mitigation of risk including emerging risks. 
The Audit Committee meets every six months and continues to refine and improve the company's risk management framework and risk registers, working to ensure consistency across the functional areas of the company. The Strategic Report includes key risks that are monitored by the Audit Committee. The company's systems and controls are designed to manage, rather than eliminate the risk of failure to achieve business objectives and will always provide reasonable and not absolute assurance against a risk crystallising.


Principle Five: Remuneration 
A board should promote the long-term sustainable success of the company by identifying opportunities to create and preserve value, and establishing oversight for the identification and mitigation of risks. 
Principle Six: 
Stakeholder Relationships and Engagement 
Directors should foster effective stakeholder relationships aligned to the company's purpose. The board is responsible for overseeing meaningful engagement with stakeholders, including the workforce, and having regard to their views when taking decisions. 
Accountability and transparency with stakeholders is key to the long term success of the Group. Travelodge consider their key stakeholders to be: customers, team members, shareholders and investors and other creditors including key operational suppliers, local authorities and community. 
Please refer to the Stakeholder Engagement section within the Strategic Report for a discussion of how we engage with each. 
The Chairman of the Group is responsible for the overall executive compensation strategy, which is reported to and approved by the Board. Other key reported metrics to the Board on an annual basis are: Gender Pay Gap, take home pay of team members, pay reviews versus benchmark and CEO pay ratio to the Group.
