Corporate Governance report 

The Clancy Group board presents its governance report in line with the Wates Corporate Governance Principles for Large Private Companies. 
Purpose and leadership 
The serving Board was largely unchanged during the financial year, and the purpose remained to oversee the management of the business and its long-term success. 
The Board and Executive Team have invested time during the financial year to March 2020 to review and revise the mission, vision and values of The Clancy Group. These will be formally communicated and adopted by the business during 2020/21, the launch having been impacted by the COVID-19 outbreak. We have already communicated the name change. to 'Clancy' to our customers and the workforce, signalling a continued consolidation of our activities. 
The mission, vision and values reflect the strong commitment to remain a family business with a retained workforce, while continuing to adapt to meet the expectations of our many stakeholders. 
·- 
Board composition 
The Board comprises family and non-family members, executives and non-executives. 
The Board was co-chaired by Kevin and Dermot Clancy (both executive family members), until Dermot's-deattiin September, and subsequently by Kevin Clancy. Other family members included Mary Clancy and Kathleen Clancy (family non-executive directors) and Matt Cannon (Chief Executive Officer). The Independent NonExecutive Director, Chief Financial Officer, Chief Commercial Officer and Company secretary were not family members. To this end, the Board has executive and non-executive, family and non-family members. 
The composition of the Board is designed to ensure clear accountability for the management of the business and oversight of the management team, and brings together deep experience of the sector and external perspectives from other industries. 
During the financial year, the Board commissioned a review of the roles and structure by an external consultancy. 
Director responsibilities 
The Board has a programme of ten principal meetings each financial year, with 1 additional day for strategic planning. 
The Board receives and reviews management information regularly from the business, including health and safety performance, financial performance, treasury forecasts, new business activity and risk information. It also requests and receives regular reports on any problem areas of the business that are in our internal 'intensive_ care' process. 
The Board is responsible for agreeing performance targets with the business, including a 5-year plan. Most of the targets are then broken down by year and embedded in the annual budget and plan. 
The Board also received reports from three sub-committees, namely the Audit & Risk Committee, Remuneration Committee and Nominations Committee. Each committee has a defined terms of reference, is chaired by the Independent Non-Executive Director, and has a membership balanced between family and non-family members. 
The Executive members of the Board are part of the wider Executive Board, which includes the leaders of the operational business units. 
Opportunity and risk 
The Board, in discharging its duty to oversee the long-term success of the business, has a role to ensure that opportunity is considered as well as risk.
Opportunity and risk {continued) Risk typically occupies more management time than opportunity, and the key themes are summarised in the following section 'Principal risks and uncertainties facing the business'. In addition, the Board will typically consider operation risks in response to incidents that are reported to the Board, and challenge management to improve processes so that they cannot recur. 
Opportunities considered by the Board monthly include our new business activity and pipeline, and just as importantly the opportunity to use our track record and relationships to broaden our scope of work wth existing clients. 
Long-term success is also about making the right strategic investment in assets and capability, and right-sizing our overhead, and here the input and challenge of the non-executive members of the Board add significant value. 
Remuneration 
The Board has delegated responsibility for considering the remuneration of senior employees to the Remuneration Committee, which meets when required. The Remuneration Committee operates within an agreed Terms of Reference, and is chaired by the independent non-executive director. 
The focus of the Remuneration Committee during the financial year has been to review the pay and incentives of the Executive Board, to ensure that these are consistent with the external market and also align the interests of Executive Committee with those of shareholders. The Remuneration Committee used an external agency, FIT, to carry out this benchmarking exercise. 
The principal finding of the review was that an element of the reward of the Executive Team should be deferred, and accordingly a long-term incentive plan will be effective from 2020/21. Under the new regime, bonus targets will be based on defined criteria, some of which will be rewarded after the end of the financial period and others of which will be deferred for three years. 
The criteria for the Executive Team to earn bonus will be aligned with those for paying dividends, thus helping to align management and shareholder interests. 
Stakeholders 
One of the key outputs from our work on our Mission and Vision was the growing expectation among current and prospective employees and clients that organisations will improve their environmental performance. As an organisation, we have been measuring our carbon emissions for a number of years, and have been successful in reducing waste, but it is clear that we need to do more, and faster. Accordingly, our environmental metrics have been strengthened and the Board will be reviewing our performance monthly. 
Supplier payment practice have, rightly, been a high-profile subject in our sector. The Group has used its strong cash flow to ensure that suppliers are paid on time. Our published Payment Practices and Performance reports from the financial year show that for the six months to March 2020, the average time to pay suppliers from unrelated companies was 43 days and that 84% were paid within 60 days and within terms. 
During the financial year, the Group has relaunched a twice-yearly published magazine, which is distributed to employees and clients. This has been designed to improve the flow of information within the organisation, where many of our teams are based on client premises, may wear client uniform, and have more daily interaction with client staff than our own. The magazine has been well received and we are committed to continuing it. The Board acknowledges the limitations, however, and will be looking at how we use other channels including social media more effectively.
