The Medical Protection Society Limited December 2019_conv
STATEMENT OF CORPORA TE GOVERNANCE ARRANGEMENTS AT MPS In the running of its business, MPS seeks to ensure a level of governance appropriate to the size and nature of the Group and to incorporate appropriate best practice. Following changes in Company law on the requirements for private companies to report on their corporate governance arrangements, MPS has chosen to adopt and report in line with the new Wates Corporate Governance Principles for Large Companies (the Wates Principles). 
In the context of this change, the- Council has reviewed its governance practices and it concluded that MPS's governance structure and its approach to corporate governance is in accordance with the six guiding principles which underpins the Wates Principles. These are detailed below:


Principle 
Purpose and leadership 
Requirement 
An effective Board develops and promotes the purpose of a company, and ensures that its values, strategy and culture align with that purpose. 
How MPS has complied Our Purpose - to protect the careers, 
reputations and financial security of doctors, dentists and healthcare professionals around the world - was reviewed by the Council in 
2019. The Council seeks to ensure that MPS's communicated values, strategy and culture align with that purpose. MPS has explained its purpose and values to colleagues through Chief Executive briefings and other channels and promotes adherence to our Values through the performance related bonus arrangement and monitors culture through colleague engagement surveys and through Committee feedback sessions. 
During 2019, the Council developed and sponsored the MADE for Members strategy designed to generate long-term sustainable growth for MPS. 
Board composition 
Effective composition of members The Council has reviewed its composition and of a Board requires an effective chair and a balance of skills, backgrounds, experience and knowledge, with individual Directors having sufficient 
contribution. 
capacity to make a valuable contribution. The size of a Board 
should be guided by the scale and complexity of the company. 
Council comprises a majority of medical and dental professionals, who are complemented by 
experienced Directors in sectors relevant to our business operations. 
The Chairman is assisted by a Vice Chairman, thus facilitating working with relevant but divergent backgrounds. 
See the Remuneration and Nominations report on page 47 for further information. 
Director A Board and individual Directors 
responsibilities should have a clear understanding of their 
During 2019, the Council reviewed its terms of reference and those of its sub-committees, to ensure all Council members understand their 
accountability and responsibilities. accountability and responsibilities, and that The Board's policies and procedures should 
Council's policies and procedures support effective decision-making and independent 
support effective decision-making challenge. 
and independent challenge. - 
-·-- -· ~ 
size, to ensure that there is an appropriate balance of skills, backgrounds, experience and knowledge, with individual Council members having sufficient capacity to make a valuable


Principle 
Opportunity and risk 
Requirement 
company by identifying opportunities to create and 
preserve value and establishing 
oversight for the identification and mitigation of risks. 
How MPS has complied 
A Board should promote the long- The Council reviewed MPS's MADE for term sustainable success of the 
Members strategy to 2025 at its annual strategy day, to identify opportunities for MPS to create and preserve long-term value and to oversee the identification and mitigation of risks. 
The Council approved the decision to offer a regulated insurance product to protect corporate members against the increasing clinical negligence claims, costs and risks they may face. This was an innovative move, which places MPS in a strong position to respond should the UK Government decide to regulate the indemnity market for doctors, dentists and other healthcare professionals. 
Remuneration A Board should promote Executive remuneration 
structures aligned to the longterm sustainable success of a 
Council reviewed Executive Director 
remuneration structures during 2019 to ensure that they were aligned to the long-term 
sustainable success of MPS, taking into account 
company, taking into account pay pay and conditions elsewhere within MPS. and conditions elsewhere in the company. 
Stakeholder relationships 
and engagement 
Directors should foster effective stakeholder relationships aligned 
to the company's purpose. The Board is responsible for overseeing meaningful 
engagement with stakeholders, including the workforce, and 
having regard to their views when taking decisions. 


 
See the Remuneration and Nominations report on pages 47 to 51 for further information. 
The Council has reviewed key stakeholder relationships to ensure that they are effective and aligned to the Company's purpose. The Council has given due regard to stakeholders' views when making its decisions - for further information on this see the Section 172(1) Statement on page 52.
