Corporate Governance THE EDRINGTON GROUP LIMITED 
As a private business, Edrington is not required to follow the UK Corporate Governance Code. It is, however, committed to the highest standards of both governance and corporate citizenship, and the Company therefore voluntarily observes those elements of governance and disclosure that are appropriate and add value both to the organisation and its stakeholders. 
The board welcomes the introduction of the Wates Corporate Governance Principles for Large Private Companies (the 'Wates Principles'); for the year ended 31 March 2020, the board adopted and applied the Wates Principles and this section outlines how Edrington has incorporated these Principles into the business operations: - 
Wates Principles Principle 1 - Purpose and Leadership 
Edrington has a well-developed and defined purpose and strategy. Our vision, as set out in the Edrington 2025 strategy, is to give more by building the world's leading portfolio of exceptional super premium spirits. We will achieve that vision through focusing our efforts on developing the right capabilities, targeted investment in our brands and assets and through sharper ways of working. 


 
The board fosters effective stakeholder relationships aligned to the Company's purpose. Further details on stakeholder engagement are included in the Section 172(1) Statement in this section of the annual report. 
Strategy and values are clearly articulated throughout the business, including at our annual Edrington Leadership Conference and in management roadshows. All employees have the opportunity to attend an annual Year in Review event delivered by a member of the senior management team. This allows employees to understand financial and strategic plans and to ask questions of senior management. There are also regular townhall sessions in each location where members of the executive team host an interactive session encouraging questions, thoughts and opinions from the employee base. These coincide with regular executive visits to Edrington locations throughout the world. 
On culture and values, the board asked employees to give their views on Edrington's culture and values through an employee survey in May 2019. The output of this survey led to Edrington's values being reformulated as Giving, Integrity, Excellence and Respect in June 2019. More generally, in order to monitor culture and to take account of the views of the workforce, Edrington has in place an employee engagement survey programme. The survey is run every two years, with pulse surveys operating at intervals in between. The board assesses the results of the engagement survey and forms an action plan to put in place improvements. Management at Edrington also engages with recognised trade union partners through partnership meetings, which are held on a quarterly basis. The annual Board evaluation questionnaire also asks for Board members to give feedback on the culture at board level. Finally, the business also monitors absenteeism rates and uses exit interviews to assist in monitoring the Company's culture. 
Edrington believes it has in place workforce policies and practices that are consistent with the Company's values and with the long-term sustainable success of Edrington and has established transparent policies in relation to raising concerns about misconduct and unethical practices. Through its Speaking Up Policy, Edrington enables employees to anonymously raise matters of concern relating to the interests of others, or the interests of the Company.


Principle 2 - Board Composition 
At 31 March 2020, the board comprises the non-executive chairman, three executive directors and four non-executive directors, and is supported by the Group Company Secretary. The roles of Chair and Chief Executive are separated. 
The board believes that its composition - its size, mix of expertise and balance of executive and non-executive directors - is appropriate and that it has an appropriate balance of skills, backgrounds, experience and knowledge, with individual directors having sufficient capacity to make a valuable contribution. A biography of each director can be found on the Group's website at www.edrinqton.com/our-company. David Richardson is the Senior Director appointed on behalf of The Robertson Trust. Crawford Gillies, Stephanie Fitzgerald and Alice Avis MBE are considered by the board to be independent directors. Following Suntory Holdings Limited's acquisition of its stake in Edrington, Shinichiro Hizuka was appointed as a non-executive director on 12 March 2020. 
The board's process on nominations is undertaken by the Nomination Committee and includes assessing the composition of the board and its governance structures as well as considering appointments and succession planning. Further information on the Nomination Committee and other board committees is set out in the "Board Committees" section below. 
Evaluation of Effectiveness 
On an annual basis, each director is asked to complete an evaluation on board structure, the governance process, strategy and leadership, before conducting a one-to-one interview with the chairman. Based on the findings and the responses from each director, the chairman prepares a report on the overall effectiveness of the board, which is then discussed by the board and any recommendations arising from it are implemented. 
In addition to overall board effectiveness reviews, the individual performance of executive directors is monitored in the Group's UK performance appraisal programme and by the Remuneration Committee. Furthermore, the Senior Director seeks feedback on the chairman annually by way of a questionnaire filled in by both the non-executive and executive directors. 
The training needs of the board and its committees are regularly reviewed. Particular emphasis is placed on ensuring that directors are aware of proposed legislative changes in areas such as remuneration, corporate governance, financial reporting and sector specific issues. All directors are also encouraged to visit the Group's operating locations. 
The board is able to approve potential conflicts of interest within the director group. Directors are required to inform the board of any actual or potential conflicts which may arise with their other professional or personal interests. 
Principle 3 - Director Responsibilities 
The board is collectively responsible for the long-term success of the Company. The chairman is responsible for ensuring that the board is effective and is led in the appropriate way. The offices of chairman and Chief Executive are separate and distinct and the division of responsibilities between them is clearly established. 
The board, which meets at least five times a year, has responsibility for defining and executing the Group's strategy, for reviewing trading performance and funding levels, assessing acquisitions and disposals, changes to the structure of the business and overall corporate governance issues. The board also approves the Group's budget together with its annual report and financial statements. The board retains overall responsibility for the Group's system of internal control, including the financial controls designed to give reasonable assurance against material financial misstatement or loss. 
The board believes the financial controls in place, together with the Edrington values, allow it to meet its responsibility for the integrity and accuracy of the Group's accounting records, and also to provide timely and accurate financial information to enable it to discharge its duties. 
The directors attend all board and relevant committee meetings. If directors are unable to attend meetings in person or by telephone they are given the opportunity to be consulted and to comment in advance of the meeting. Board papers are circulated at least five working days prior to each board or committee meeting to ensure that directors have sufficient time to review them before the meeting and the chair ensures that sufficient time is made available for meaningful discussion. Documentation includes detailed reports on current trading and full papers on matters where the board is required to give its approval. 
Day to day management and control of the business is delegated to the executive directors and they routinely meet together and with other senior managers as appropriate. Where possible ad hoe committees of the board are appointed to deal with matters which it is known will need to be dealt with between scheduled board meetings. 
All directors have a responsibility to ensure that the strategies proposed by the executive directors are properly considered and challenged, and that the performance of the Company is monitored in the appropriate way. 
The board has delegated certain responsibilities to established committees, details of which are set out in the "Board Committees" section below.


Principle 4 - Opportunity and Risk 
The board promotes the long-term sustainable success of the Company by considering and assessing how the Company creates and preserves value over the long-term. The Company works to a five-year strategy cycle and the board holds a two-day strategy session each year. 
In the year ended 31 March 2020, a dedicated Strategy and Innovation team, reporting to the Chief Financial Officer, was established to assist in the identification of future opportunities for innovation and entrepreneurship. The Strategy and Innovation team reports to each board meeting and significant opportunities are considered and approved at board level. 
The responsibility for risk management and internal control systems resides with the board, with a framework to support the process for identifying, evaluating and managing financial and non-financial risks. The board regularly reviews the principal risks facing the Company including those that would impact its business model, future performance and solvency. To assist with this, the board carries out triennial reviews with the most recent being carried out in March 2018 and the next review expected March 2021. These reviews allow the board to assess the Company's risk appetite and ensure that the nature and extent of the significant risks facing the business are identified and adequately managed. These reviews consider both the likelihood and impact of the relevant risks and ultimately determine which risks will be included on the Company's Strategic Risk Register. 
The Group Risk Management Committee maintains the Strategic Risk Register and also provides scoring on these risks. New and emerging risks are identified in a number of ways - through the board directly, through the Group Risk Management Committee, or in a "bottom-up" process by the relevant Business Units presenting to the Group Risk Management Committee in scheduled reviews. The Audit Committee is responsible for the direct oversight of the Group Risk Management Committee and the internal control function. The Group Risk Management Committee reports to the Audit Committee and the Audit Committee chair attends at least one Group Risk Management Committee meeting per annum. 
The board, through delegation to Audit Committee and ultimately the Group Risk Management Committee, has established an internal control framework with clearly defined roles and responsibilities for those involved. 
Further details on the Company's risks and uncertainties are set out on pages 12-15 of the Strategic Report. The COVID-19 crisis has highlighted the importance of monitoring emerging threats and the importance of risk management generally. While the Strategic Risk Register included geopolitical and economic conditions and key market reliance as strategic risks, it did not include a risk factor for global pandemic and the business had not anticipated an event leading to the wide-ranging global restrictions we have seen in response to the COVID-19 pandemic. As we navigate the COVID-19 crisis, the learnings from that process will be built into our future risk management and business continuity processes. 
Principle 5 - Remuneration Details of the Company's remuneration policy are set out in the Remuneration Committee section below on page 24. 
Directors' remuneration, which is determined by the Remuneration Committee, is benchmarked triennially with the assistance of independent specialist consultants. 
Edrington reports gender pay statistics annually and has in place a series of improvement actions and targets to ensure demonstrable progress towards our commitment of narrowing the gender pay gap. In 2019 our mean gender pay gap of 15.3% represents a decrease of 12.8 percentage points (2018: 28.1 %) and the median pay gap of 10.4% represents a decrease of 4.1 percentage points (2018: 14.5%). 
Principle 6 - Stakeholder Relationship and Engagement 
The board fosters effective stakeholder relationships aligned to the Company's purpose. Further details on stakeholder engagement are set out in the Section 172(1) Statement below. 
This board considers how the Company's activities may impact both current and future stakeholders, including impacts on the environment, with a particular emphasis on sustainability. Further detail on Edrington's sustainability strategy and programmes are included in the Corporate Sustainability and Responsibility section on pages 27-30. 
The Group maintains a website (www.edrinqton.com) to provide up-to-date, detailed information on the Group's values as well as its operations and brands, including sections on news and business performance. All significant Group announcements are available on this site, as are annual financial reports. The Group's corporate affairs team manages external communications and can be reached at corporatecommunications@edrington.com.
