Approach to Corporate Governance

In accordance with the Large and Medium-sized Companies and Group (Accounts and Reports) Regulations 2008 (as amended by the Companies· (Miscellaneous Reporting) Reg.ulations 2018) (the 'Regulations'), for the year ended 31 December 2019, the Company has in its· corporate governance arrangements applied the Wates Corporate Governance Principles for Large Private Companies (the 'Principles'). The following sectio_n explains the Company's approach to.corporate governance, and its application of the Principles. 

Principle One: Purpose and Leadership 
The Board is collectively responsible for the management of the Company. It achieves this by managing its remaining customer loans within the wider strategy of Lloyds Banking Group pie, and overseeing delivery against it, The Companies strategy is set out further in the strategic report on pages 1 to 2. 
Consideration of the needs of its customers is fundamental to the way the Company operates, as is maintaining the highest standards of business conduct. The Company's approach is further influenced by the need to -maintain a culture in which everyone feels included, empowered and inspfred to do the right thing for customers. To this end, the Board plays company's corporate culture and values, aligning to the culture and values of Lloyds Banking Group plc. 

Principle Two - Board Composition 
The Company is led by a Board comprising a Chairman and Executive Directors, further details of the directors can be found on page 3. The Board considers its composition regularly, and is committed to ensuring it has the right balance of skills and experience. The Board considers that its current size and composition is appropriate to the Company's circumstances. New appointments are made on merit, taking account of the specific skills, experience and knowledge needed to ensure a rounded Board and the benefits each candidate can bring to the Board overall. . 

Principle Three - Director Responsibilities 
The Directors assume ultimate responsibility for the affairs of the Company, and along with senior managem·ent are committed to maintaining a robust control framework as the foundation for the delivery of good governance, including the effective management of delegation though rel_ated Lloyds Banking Group pie processes. Policies are also in place in relation to potential conflicis of interest which may arise. 
The Board does not operate any committees. The Chairman of the Board assumes responsibility with support from the Company Secretary for the provision io each meeting of accurate and timely information. 

Principle Four - Opportunity and Risk 
Strategic opportunities which may arise are considered in the first instance by the boa~d of Lloyds Banking Group pie. Any opportunity which is specifically relevant to the Company is subsequently considered by the Board. 
The Board is responsible for generating sustainable returns for the Company, generating value for its shareholder. 
Strong risk management culture is central to the strategy of the Company, which along with a robust risk control framework acts as the foundation for the delivery of effective risk management. The- Board agrees the Company's risk appetite, within the wider risk appetite of Lloyds Banking Group pie, and ensures the Company manages risk effectively through delegation within the management hierarchy. Board level engagement, coupled with the· direct involvement ·of management in risk issues ensures that escalated issues are promptly addressed and remediaiion plans are initiated where required. The Company's risk appetite, principles, policies, procedures, controls and reporting are managed in conjunction with those of Lloyds Banking Group pie. The Company's principle risks are detailed furt~er on page 22. 

Principle Five - Remuneration 
The Company has no direct employees. Therefore principle 5 is not applicable to the Company. 


Principle Six - Stakeholders 
The Company, as part of Lloyds Ba11king Group plc, operates under Lloyds Banking Group pie's wider Responsible Business approach. Helping Britain Prosper is central to Lloyds Banking Group pie's responsible business approach and the Company supports this initiative through managing the needs of its customers.

