Corporate Governance 
Under The Companies (Miscellaneous Reporting) Regulations 2018 new corporate governance reporting requirements for Large Private Companies has been introduced for financial years commencing on or after 1 January 2019. The company meets this new reporting criteria and has applied the Wates Corporate Governance Principles for Large Private Companies as published by the Financial Reporting Council. 
The principles act as a framework from which the company can disclose its corporate governance arrangements under six principles. 
Principle 1 - Purpose and leadership The board has developed a strategy and business model to generate long-term sustainable value to its stakeholders and is responsible for ensuring this strategy is clearly implemented throughout the organisation, and that it, along with the company values, supports appropriate behaviours and practices. 
Principle 2 - Board composition A list of Board members can be found on page six of the company's financial statements. During the year the board was strengthened with the appointment of seven new directors bringing the total number to 19. The composition of the board is balanced to reflect the size and complexity of the company and reflects the diversity of the wider workforce which supports the delivery of the company's strategy. 
Principle 3 - Director Responsibilities lhe board members have clearly defined responsibilities and accountability ensuring key decisions are made by the individual with the requisite skill and knowledge. The board receives regular financial information supported by Key Performance Indicators (KPls). 
Principle 4 - Opportunity and risk Strategic opportunities are identified and developed during the regular meetings of the board to support its long-term strategy. The Strategic Report identifies key risks to the business which are monitored by the board on a regular basis allowing for appropriate safeguards to be implemented to manage the risk to an acceptable level.


Principle 5 - Remuneration Remuneration is set appropriately to secure and retain high quality people including its directors and senior managers. The board reflects the diversity of the business and reflects our Gender Pay reporting which can be found on the company's website. 
Principle 6 - Stakeholders The board considers how its activities may impact both current and future stakeholders and the company's brand and reputation. As referred to in the Strategic Report the board engages in effective communication with its stakeholders through, although not exclusively, direct dialogue, regular meetings, engagement surveys, vendor meetings and internal conferences and roadshows. During the year we have expanded the pastoral care we offer our people through several wellbeing programmes to assist them through changes in circumstance and to assist in paving a way to return to work as appropriate.

