Statement of corporate governance arrangements 

Details of how the Company's actions during the year aligned with the Wates Principles are given below: Purpose and leadership 
The vision of the global group is to continue to grow TJX as a global, off-price, value retailer. Launched in 1994, TK Maxx introduced off-price retailing to the UK and is the only bricks-and-mortar, off-price retailer of apparel and home fashions of significant size in the UK. Homesense introduced the off-price homeware concept to the UK in 2008. This chain operates in both a standalone and superstore format, which pairs Homesense with a TK Maxx store.


Purpose and leadership (continued) 
To help achieve its vision, the group must remain grounded in the same principles on which the Ultimate Parent Company was founded - operating with the highest levels of honesty and integrity, and treating others with dignity and respect. The Company relies on the talent and efforts of its employees, as well as the example set by its leaders, to help live these principles and foster the continued success of the Company. 
Board composition and responsibilities 
The Board is aligned with the Company's purpose and values and its composition represents a diversity of experience, expertise and gender, and (much) more, to provide sound, expert, and prudent guidance on operations, strategy, and interests. 
As directors of a wholly owned subsidiary of a quoted US group, the Board informally delegate authority to the European executive team and the Ultimate Parent Company for key strategic decisions. The Board members receive regular updates throughout the year on the business and the Company's results. 
Opportunity and risk 
As part of a quoted US group the Company and the Group are subject to certain policies as set out by the Ultimate Parent Company for the purposes of monitoring and managing risk. The board of directors of the Ultimate Parent Company has oversight responsibility for the systems established to report and monitor the most significant risks applicable to TJX, which would include risks applicable to the Company and the Group. It is management's responsibility, which includes the European executive team, to manage risk and to bring to the Board's attention such risks as appropriate. Refer to 'Future development and outlook' on page 8 and 'Principal risks and uncertainties' sections in the strategic report on pages 2 to 5. 
Remuneration 
Remuneration for executives of the Company is overseen by the Executive Compensation Committee (the "ECC") of the board of directors of the Ultimate Parent Company. In general, the Board of the Company informally delegates responsibility for remuneration matters to the European executive team or the Ultimate Parent Company, as applicable. The ECC seeks to maintain an executive compensation program that is designed to drive long-term profitable and sustainable growth, foster teamwork and management stability, and support leadership succession plans. The ECC considers several qualitative and quantitative factors in making executive compensation decisions, including Company performance, individual performance and responsibilities, and compensation-related risks. The ECC considers the pay and incentive structures for senior management across the group and approaches executive compensation in the context of global total rewards principles that apply to all employees in the group. 
Stakeholder relationships and engagement Refer to engaging with employees and other stakeholders on pages 9 and 10.
