The Wates Corporate Governance Principles for Large Private Companies 
The Wates corporate governance principles for larger private companies were launched to improve corporate governance standards among private companies. The Company satisfies the reporting requirements with a turnover of more than £200 million and a balance sheet of more than £2 billion. The six principles are detailed below: 
■  Purpose and leadership: The purpose of the Company is defined in the strategy which promotes sustainable and profitable growth. As part of the Company's governance structure, various committees discuss and challenge the strategy which includes engaging with the workforce and wider stakeholders. 
■  Board composition: The governance structure comprises the Board of directors which promotes effective decision making and supports the delivery of Company strategy. There is an appropriate combination of skills, backgrounds and knowledge. 
■  Director responsibilities: The Board have established practices that provide clear lines of accountability and responsibility. This is done through the delegation of responsibility to a number of Group committees and groups to manage Company affairs. The director's also have responsibility of the controls which are in place to ensure systems and processes are operating effectively. These are reviewed independently by the Company's Risk Management team on an annual basis. 
■  Opportunity and risk: The board considers and assesses how the Company creates and maintains value over the long-term which includes developing processes to identify future opportunities for innovation and entrepreneurship. These are dependent on the strategy and risk appetite of which the Company are committed to continual research and identification of emerging risks that may present threats or opportunities. 
■  Remuneration: The Board have established clear policies on remuneration structures and practices which enable accountability to shareholders. Remuneration for Directors and senior management is aligned with financial performance and the achievement of Company purpose, value and the overall strategy. 
■  Stakeholder relationships and engagement: A material stakeholder of the Company is the workforce, where formal and informal channels have been developed allowing a meaningful two-way dialogue to enable ideas and concerns to be shared with senior management. The formal channels are whistleblowing policy, frequent employee engagement surveys and annual performance reviews. The Company also has an environmental and social impact, this is managed through maintaining sustainable business activities.

