CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2019 
During the year ended 31 December 2019 the Company adopted the Wates Corporate Governance Principles for Large Private Companies (the "Wates Principles"). An explanation of how the Wates Principles have been applied by the Company during the year is given below: 
Principle 1 - Purpose and Leadership 
As explained in the Strategic report and the notes to the financial statements, the Company is a wholly-owned indirect subsidiary of Veolia Environnement S.A. and part of the Veolia Group of companies. It is the principal operating subsidiary within the UK&I group, which is a division of the Group based in the UK and Ireland, and involved in the provision of waste, water and energy services. 
Veolia Environnement S.A. is listed on Euronext Paris and as such is subject to extensive disclosure and corporate governance requirements. Its 2019 Registration Document and Annual Financial Report is available on its website (www.veolia.com). 
The UK&I group is led by the Executive Vice-President for the UK & Ireland ("EVP UK&I"), with the support of the UK&I Executive Committee (previously known as the Management Board), who are all senior executives within the UK&I group. The Executive Committee meets monthly and oversees the strategy and operation of the UK&I group. 
The overall purpose of the Group and the Company is encapsulated in the statement "Resourcing the world". The Group operates on a global basis and its purpose is to contribute to human progress by committing to the Sustainable Development Goals set by the UN to achieve a better and more sustainable future for all. It is with this aim in mind that the Group sets itself the task of "Resourcing the world" through its environmental services business. The Group has also set out five fundamental values which underpin its culture and performance: Responsibility, Solidarity, Respect, Innovation and Customer focus. 
The Group's strategy (Impact 2023) is focussed on resources, linked to the purpose above. The strategy covers: Preserving Resources (coming up with solutions that need fewer resources and using them more efficiently so we have minimal impact on the environment), Improving Access to Resources (bringing water and energy to cities, providing solutions to support industry and driving a more circular economy) and Replenishing Resources (innovating in waste recovery and recycling and improving efficiency for our customers). 
The UK&I group defined six corporate objectives for 2019 which were rolled-out across its business units and teams. These were: Health and Safety (embedding a proactive safety culture), Growth (being a profitable business built on resource efficiency), Customer Experience (being the partner of choice by delivery of leading resource management solutions), People (building a meaningful place to work with diverse teams and supporting our communities), Operational Excellence (operating efficiently to be competitive and fit for growth) and Financial Performance (outperforming our budget). The corporate objectives have been refined for 2020 in support of the Impact 2023 strategy as follows: People (to be a workplace with purpose where all people can grow and be safe), Customers (to be the environmental partner to help customers achieve the net zero carbon target) and Sustainability (to grow sustainably by developing infrastructure and innovating for the planet's future). 
Principle 2 - Board Composition 
The board of the Company (the "Board") comprises six members of the UK&I Executive Committee, including the EVP UK&l and the Chief Financial Officer for the UK & Ireland ("CFO UK&I"). Board meetings are typically chaired by the EVP UK&I or the CFO UK&I. At least two regular Board meetings per year are held jointly with board meetings of the principal holding companies within the UK&I group. Additional board meetings are held as required. 
The members of the Executive Committee have diverse backgrounds and experience and between them bring a range of expertise, skills and knowledge to the table which encompass the relevant business needs and stakeholder interests of the Company (including risk and assurance, operations, business development, supply chain, human resources, information systems and internal communication, technical and innovation, external affairs, legal and finance). Of the 12 members of the Executive Committee, two are women. 
Each member of the Executive Committee's performance is reviewed regularly by his or her respective line manager.


Principle 2 - Board Composition (continued) 
Although the Company has no non-executive directors, the board of its immediate parent, Veolia Environmental Services (UK) pie, includes two representatives of Veolia Environnement S.A. who provide challenge to the UK&I group executive management. More broadly, the UK&I group including the Executive Committee is subject to ongoing scrutiny and challenge by Veolia Environnement S.A., by virtue of its position within the group. 
Principle 3 - Director Responsibilities 
Overall oversight and responsibility is maintained by the Board, while day-to-day management and decision making are carried out by the Executive Committee. In order to support effective decision making, members of the Executive Committee receive regular information on key aspects of the business, including health and safety and financial performance. 
In addition to the Executive Committee, an Investment Committee, an Audit Committee (which focuses particularly on compliance issues) and a Risk Committee are in place for the UK&I group as a whole, all of which comprise members of the Executive Committee and other senior executives. 
The policies and procedures of the UK&I group are contained within a Business Management System to which all staff have access. The Delegation of Authority policy sets out which directors and employees are empowered to enter into commitments of different types and levels on behalf of corporate entities within the UK&I group and when Investment Committee approval is required. Conflicts of interest are managed under the Anti-bribery and Corruption policy under the oversight of the UK&I Group Chief Compliance Officer. 
The integrity of financial information and systems is overseen by the UK&I group's internal controls function, which reports to the CFO UK&I. The internal controls team works with the finance, HR, payroll and business systems teams to develop appropriate controls and monitoring to reduce exposure of the UK&I group to fraud, error and omission and to maintain the integrity of its reported results. In addition, the Group internal audit department carries out internal audits of various parts of the UK&I business. 
Principle 4 - Opportunity and Risk 
Future opportunities and growth are a key area of focus for the Executive Committee and for the UK&I group more generally, as explained above under Principle 1. 
The UK&I group Risk Committee meets three times per year and provides regular reports to the Executive Committee. The Risk Committee oversees the identification of strategic and emerging risks facing the UK&I group and also monitors mitigating measures that are taken in response. A strategic risk register is maintained and reviewed at Risk Committee meetings and, on an annual basis, by the Executive Committee. Information on the principal risks and uncertainties inherent in the Company's business are referred to in the Strategic report. 
Risks and opportunities relating to existing business, including specific contractual risks, are reviewed regularly on a per business line basis as part of monthly business reviews led by the EVP UK&I and the CFO UK&I. As mentioned above, risks and opportunities relating to new business are subject to an Investment Committee review process. 
Principle 5 - Remuneration 
Remuneration for all employees is based on a grading system to ensure fairness, and benchmarking is undertaken to ensure that appropriate external comparisons can be drawn. Senior managers are all graded on the basis of a Group-wide system and their remuneration includes a performance-related element based on health and safety performance, financial performance and performance against corporate objectives. Executive Committee level remuneration is aligned with the Group approach and reviewed with input from Group senior management on behalf of the ultimate parent company. 
The UK&I group publishes a gender pay gap report annually, however the 2019 report has been deferred due to COVID-19. The 2018 report published in 2019 showed a small negative mean gender pay gap, which means that female employees are paid more on average than male employees. More generally, the UK&I group embraces the employment of individuals from diverse backgrounds and values the contribution that all employees make to the provision of services by the UK&I group to customers and to the public.
Principle 6 - Stakeholders 
The UK&I group fosters stakeholder relationships in line with its position as a leader in the waste and recycling sector and its broader purpose of "Resourcing the world", with a particular emphasis on promoting the circular economy. By taking a leading role in resource efficiency, the UK&I group is using innovation to advance sustainability for businesses and the public sector. 
The Company's key stakeholders include customers, suppliers, local communities, regulators, employees and pensioners, as well as Veolia Environnement S.A. as the ultimate shareholder. For further details of the Company's interactions with its key stakeholders, including promotion of the circular economy, refer to the Section 172(1) Statement within the Strategic report. 
The UK&I group ensures engagement with its sizeable workforce through various channels, including periodic engagement surveys and regular site visits by members of the Executive Committee. There is also ongoing dialogue with relevant Trade Unions, including through a Joint Trade Union Forum which meets regularly. Workforce policies and practices are aligned with the UK&I group's purpose and values and employees are encouraged to report concerns as to any wrongdoing in the workplace under the Whistleblowing policy.

