Corporate Governance
The Group has always followed corporate governance mrangcments established in its agreements with its shareholders. It has measured these against the Wates Principles and the conclusions of this assessment are set out below.

a) Purpose and leadership. The directors set clear objectives, targets and incentives through the business planning process. This was reinforced by a strong and consistent set of values which were promoted across all members of staff. These values were aligned to the Virgin Trains brand, which encouraged purpose to be central to the business. 
b) Board composition. The board was and is comprised of highly experienced individuals and led by a chair. The board members have a range of financial, commercial legal and operalional skills. The interests of members were balanced by appropriate representalion with both shareholders and employees represented and the board sought expert help and advice from appropriately qualified individuals when the occasion demanded it. 
c) Directors' responsibilities. As noted above, the directors comprise highly experienced individuals with a good understanding of their responsibilities as members of the board. In addition, duties were allocated in such a way as to promote and support the decision making. The board meet monthly to consider the key performance and key decisions, with delegation where appropriate to the audit, safety and remuneration committees. 
d) Opponunity and risk. These were regularly assessed as part of the business planning process. Risks were also assessed using a risk review and considered by the board, safety committee or audit committee as appropriate. 
e) Remuneration. The board ensured that executive remuneration is aligned to long term objectives, so as to incentivise the promotion ofthe best interests of the Group. Remuneration was partly comprised of long term incentives to further promote the sustainable success of the Group. The board delegated certain duties to the remuneration committee to ensure that decisions were taken in a sufficiently impartial and fair manner, and to ensure that pay and conditions elsewhere in the Group were considered when making decisions about executive remuneration. 
f) Stakeholders relationships and engagement. The board fostered and took a keen interest in relalionships with key stakeholders including employees. customers, suppliers and communities. This involved frequent and meaningful' consultation with employees and trades unions, and responding fully and constructively to suggestions and concerns; In addition there was a regular and full dialogue with the Off, and with key suppliers as Network Rail and rolruig stock supplias. Further details of Stakeholder engagement activities can be found in the Strategic Report.
