Corporate Governance 
Overview The Board is responsible for the long term success of the Group. To achieve this, the Board leads and provides direction for the Leadership Team by setting our strategy. Its role includes overseeing strategic decision, scrutinising the performance of its management in meeting the goals set by the Board and taking a proactive role in monitoring the performance of the Group as a whole. 
The Board convenes in person regularly and there are additional conference calls where management update the Board on the Group’s performance. 

Purpose & Leadership 
Our Corporate vision, values and strategy are described throughout this Annual Report and set out in detail in the Chairman’s statement and Chief Executive Officer’s report. 
The business is reviewing its Purpose and following the greater integration between Virgin Atlantic and Virgin Holidays, intends to publish a revised purpose later in 2020. 
Stakeholders 
The board is responsible for overseeing meaningful engagement with stakeholders including the workforce and having regard to their views when taking decisions. 
See page 34 for a summary of our stakeholder engagement. 
Risk 
The Board’s role is to ensure the long term success of the Company, whilst establishing oversight for the identification and mitigation of risk which has been enhanced during 2019. The Board has approved the realigning of the key risk categories around key topics including Covid-19 and sustainability (see page 22) 
Remuneration The Board promotes executive remuneration structures aligned to the achievement of KPIs required to deliver the long term sustainable success of the Company. Metrics which define executive director remuneration are closely aligned to key milestones and performance relating to the pillars of the velocity strategy, and do not differ significantly from those of the wider leadership team. 
regular meetings with representatives of both shareholders as well as with their Board representatives. 
Governance Code For the year ended 31 December 2019, under The Companies (Miscellaneous Reporting) Regulations 2019, we have applied the Wates Corporate Governance Principles for Large Private Companies (“Wates Principles”). We have adopted the Wates Principles as an appropriate framework for our corporate governance arrangements which are set out in more detail in various sections of this Report. Its key principles are reviewed in the table below: 
Opportunities and Risks; Remuneration Strategy 
The Board has provided support to the executive team in the development of the Velocity strategic plan, using their significant experience in key areas of relevance to provide constructive challenge and scrutiny.


Board Composition The Board of Directors comprises seven Non Executive Directors and two Executive Directors. Four of the Non Executive Directors are appointed by Virgin Group (51% shareholder), and three Non Executive Directors are appointed by Delta (49% shareholder). As set out in the company’s articles, identified Alternate Non Executive Directors act for certain Non-Executive Directors. 
As at 31 December 2019, the two Executive Directors were the Chief Executive Officer and the Chief Financial Officer. In addition, the Chief Commercial Officer and Chief Customer Officer each act as Alternate Director to the two Executive Directors. All four are full-time employees of the Group. 
Board Composition and Skills Composition 
Our Board composition reflects the concentrated shareholding structure of the company and does not include an identified independent director. The assessed skillset of the Board (see table below) is felt to be sufficiently broad and deep and encompasses senior experience from across a broad range of industries and disciplines. The Board believes that when combined with the Executive Leadership team, there is a membership which has diversity, varied and balanced experience and skills that are highly relevant to the Company’s needs and challenges and serves us well in the development and scrutiny of our strategic decision making and performance. 
Opportunities and Risks; Remuneration 
The composition of our Board is set out above and its sub-committees is set out on pages 38-40. 
Skills 
The Board benefits from the significant experience of its members across a broad range of industries and disciplines. 
The board representation across five selected areas of particular importance, having identified those members who have held positions of significant relevant responsibility, is as follows: Strategy - 85%, Financial - 70%, Airlines - 90%, Customer - 75% and Technology - 40%. 
Director Responsibilities 
The Board and individual directors have a clear understanding of their accountability and responsibilities (see page 44) underpinned by policies and procedures. 
Areas of Focus The Board and its sub-committees have during 2019 provided review and challenge in a number of areas, in particular: 
• 
• • 
• • • 
Safety & Security programmes, including Cyber 
Progress of Velocity strategic plan 
M&A activity, particularly consortium acquisition of Flybe 
Progress ahead of completion of Expanded Joint Venture 
Sustainability & plans for Net Zero commitment 
Fleet investment, including new A330-900s 
• Approach to potential LHR3 expansion • 
Brexit-related hedging strategies


Audit Committee Role of the Committee The role of the Audit Committee is to review the appropriateness of accounting policies, compliance with accounting standards, and assess the appropriateness of estimates and judgements made by management. It also monitors the adequacy and effectiveness of internal reporting and control systems, agrees the scope of the external and internal audit plans and monitors the actions required as a result of the auditors’ findings, agrees the external auditors’ remuneration and considers the reappointment or replacement of the external auditors. 
Key responsibilities The Committee is responsible for the integrity of the financial statements, the effectiveness and adequacy of internal controls, and the effectiveness and independence of the internal and external auditors. It receives regular updates on the audit programme from the Group Head of Internal Audit. It meets with the Group Head of Internal Audit and the External Audit Partner without Management present at least once a year. 
Members of the Committee The Audit Committee is made up of two Virgin appointed Non Executive Directors and two Delta appointed Non Executive Directors. As at 31 December 2019 the Committee members were Gordon McCallum (Chairman), Peter Norris and Glen Hauenstein. Steve Sear was appointed as an additional Committee member on 1 February 2020. The Committee meets three times a year or more often if required. 
Remuneration Committee Role of the Committee The Remuneration Committee is responsible for making recommendations to the Board on the terms of appointment or dismissal, as well as the remuneration and other employment benefits of senior management employed by the Company. The Committee also oversees the introduction and amendment of any long or short term incentive plans. 
Key responsibilities In carrying out its responsibilities the Committee seeks to fulfil the following aims. 
• To set and monitor fair and appropriate remuneration policy and the application thereof for the populations in its scope and to ensure that policies and reward decisions align with business strategy and support sustainable business performance. 
• To balance the needs of Executive and shareholder interest and ensure alignment of reward policies with the Executive talent management strategy. 
Members of the Committee The Remuneration Committee is made up of two Virgin appointed Non Executive Directors and two Delta appointed Non Executive Directors. As at 31 December 2019 the Committee members were Peter Norris (Chairman), Ian Woods, Ed Bastian and Glen Hauenstein. 
Safety Governance Role of the Committee The Virgin Atlantic Safety & Security Review Board (VASSRB) is owned and led by Virgin Atlantic’s Accountable Manager and Duty Holder and chaired by an independent third party advisor to the Board. It is supported by Virgin Atlantic’s Nominated Post Holders and Safety and Security specialists. The VASSRB is strategic and deals with high level issues in relation to policies, resource allocation and safety and security performance monitoring. Proactively reviewing data and encouraging continuous improvement, the VASSRB assures the safety and security of its people and customers. The VASSRB also monitors the effectiveness of the safety supervision and has oversight of subcontracted operations. 
The VASSRB promotes an open and honest reporting and discussion forum, enabling the airline to learn from both internal and industry incidents. Virgin Atlantic adopts and makes use of industry recognised risk management principles, allowing the VASSRB to evaluate safety and security risks though a transparent risk management framework. The VASSRB also ensures the organisation develops, maintains, reviews and tests its emergency response, threat management and resilience plans. 
The Board receives regular updates and reports from the Safety and Security Review Board and Independent Chair. 
Key responsibilities The VASSRB was established to monitor, improve and constantly enhance safety and security management across the airline. 
Joint Venture Steering Committee Role of the Committee The Joint Venture Steering Committee (JVSC) meets quarterly and is formed of equal numbers of senior managers from each party to the joint venture with at least one representative of each party at Senior Vice President or Chief Officer authority. In addition, Virgin Group has the right to appoint an observer who can attend and address all JVSC meetings and report back to the Board. The Board receives regular updates and reports from the JVSC. 
Key responsibilities The transatlantic joint venture with Delta is managed through the JVSC. This approach enables the joint venture to offer customers a wider range of travel options at competitive prices and to compete more effectively with the air transportation services of other airlines and other global airline alliances. The relationship fosters commercial cooperation between the parties, facilitates actions that will result in cost efficiencies and expands service benefits for the travelling and shipping public. The JVSC has no independent authority to act for either party but has the delegated authority to resolve most issues. As we headed into 2020 our joint venture expanded to include Air-France & KLM, increasing our daily trans-Atlantic services up to 341, covering the top 10 routes on a nonstop basis, onward connections to 238 cities in North America, 98 in continental Europe and 16 in the UK and a choice of 110 nonstop trans-Atlantic routes. 
Members of the Committee For 2019 the members appointed by Virgin Atlantic were Craig Kreeger, Shai Weiss and Mark Anderson and the members appointed by Delta were Glen Hauenstein, Steve Sear and Bill Carroll. 
Information Security Role of the Committee The Virgin Atlantic Information Security Board (VAISB) focuses on the confidentiality, integrity and availability of information and covers a number of disciplines including: • Cyber security – the protection of technology infrastructure and applications; 
• Data protection – the protection of sensitive, particularly personal, information; and 
• Asset protection – the protection of physical assets used to process information. 
The VAISB brings together key stakeholders that can provide oversight, governance and informed decision-making to ensure: • 
Information security risks are effectively and strategically managed; 
• Plans are in place to manage all aspects of a serious information security incident; 
• Oversight of information security regulation, such as GDPR, PCI, NISD and CAP 1753; and 
• Oversight of cyber incidents or risks which may have safety implications with potential impact to Corporate or Aviation Safe 
Key responsibilities The VAISB is responsible for information security oversight of Virgin Atlantic, Virgin Holidays and Cargo.
