
Corporate Governance Statement 
The Virgin Group's core principles of business management and purpose are broadly shared across Investments within the Group. Investee companies operate as distinct and separate businesses with their own boards and independent management and governance arrangements commensurate with their stage of business maturity and scale as set out in their respective annual reports. 
For the year ended 31 December 2019, under The Companies (Miscellaneous Reporting) Regulations 2018, the Company has applied the Wates Corporate Governance Principles for Large Private Companies as a framework for disclosure of our corporate governance arrangements. 
Principle I - Purpose and Leadership 
The purpose of Virgin Management is "Changing Business for Good" which continuously prompts us to consider the long-term impact of business decisions that we make today. The Board sets the company objectives with clear correlation to our purpose. These company objectives are then embedded into each employee's individual objectives, forming a key element of performance management at all levels. 
Empowering our people to make purpose-driven decisions helps drive innovation and creates a culture of continuous improvement and helps identify, mitigate and manage emergent risks. 
Virgin Management has a dedicated Purpose team who work with businesses across the Virgin Group and with Virgin Branded businesses to develop their purpose strategies and impact in order to drive their decisions and success, with positive results for employees, customers, partners, communities and the environment. 
Principle 2- Board Composition 
The Board comprises the Virgin Group's senior management team: Non-Executive Chairman, Chief Executive Officer, Chief Brand Officer, Chief Finance Officer, Chief Investment Officer, and Chief Operating Officer. A third of the Board are women. 
The Company's Board has considerable investment and operational experience providing a broad combination of skills to manage the investment portfolio and brand activities, to provide advice on strategic, financial and other material matters to the VGHL board and to Sir Richard Branson and to act as shareholder representative on the boards of certain investments. 
A biography for each Board Director can be found on the Virgin Group's website: www.virgin.com/virgingroup/content/our-senior-team. 
Principle 3 - Director Responsibilities 
The Board meets every month with a full agenda to consider all aspects of the Virgin Group's activities. Additional days are set aside during the year for the Board to consider longer term strategic planning. The Company, VGHL and Sir Richard Branson have established detailed governance processes which provide for clear lines of accountability and responsibility to support robust and efficient decision making. 
The Board receives regular information about the performance and operations of the Virgin Group's investee businesses, the financial performance and liquidity of the Virgin Group, risks and opportunities, and material non- financial performance indicators. 
The Board operates an on-going training programme to ensure it is up to date on relevant regulatory, governance and compliance matters.


Principle 4 - Opportunity & Risk 
As an entrepreneurially led Company, the Board is focused on identifying and capitalising on a broad range of opportunities for the Virgin Group whilst having the responsibility to mitigate risk. 
The principal risks of the Group and relevant mitigating actions are set out on pages 4-6. 
The Board considers risks and opportunities for the Virgin Group in the medium and longer term as part of its annual five-year planning process and receives regular updates as part of its monthly reporting on progress against those considerations. These updates also form the basis of the Board's regular reporting to the VGHL board. 
Principle 5- Remuneration 
The remuneration policy for the Board is set by VGHL, its parent company, and is designed to clearly align with the long-term nature of the shareholder and to retain executive talent through a combination of short and longer term incentives. Objectives are set at the beginning of each year encompassing People and Culture, Brand and Purpose, Investment Portfolio and Financial Strength, and are shared across Virgin Management to form the basis of target setting and performance management for all employees, including the Board. 
Principle 6 - Stakeholder relationships and engagement 
Please see the Section l 72 Statement on pages 6-8 for a description of how the Board has regard for its broader stakeholders.
