Scope of Corporate Governance statement 
WNU is not a listed entity, but as a large private company is required to prepare a corporate governance statement under section 172 of Companies Act. This statement has been prepared using the Wates Principles' ("Wates") to provide a clear message on the business model, future strategies and core values ofWNU. It describes how the directors have had regard to the matters set out in section 172(1 )(a) to (f) of Companies Act. 
Corporate Governance Framework Details of the Board and its Corporate Governance Framework are set out below. The board has detailed terms of reference setting out its responsibilities, accountabilities and reporting obligations and, in respect of the subsidiary board committees, how they operate in conjunction with the Board as detailed later in this section. These, together with the risk management and internal control frameworks, form an effective and robust governance structure designed to manage and develop the Group in accordance with the Group's strategy. 

Board of Directors 
The Board is responsible to the shareholders for all aspects of the Group's and Company's performance and meets on a bi-monthly basis to review the strategic direction of all business activities and monitor performance against approved business plans and budgets. 
Appointment to the Board is made in accordance with the articles of the Company. 
The roles of Chairman (Andrew Hunter) and Chief Executive Officer (Graham Edwards) are held separately. There is no standing Deputy Chairman. All directors have access to the advice and services of the Company Secretary who is responsible for ensuring that the Board procedures and applicable rules and regulations are observed. The directors other than the Chief Executive and his alternate are independent of management and free from any business or other relationship with the Company, other than as shareholder representatives. Due to the nature of the Shareholder Agreement in place for the Wales & West Gas Networks (Holdings) Limited Group, which entitles each shareholder to a relevant number of seats on the Board of each entity in that group, WNU's shareholder appointed board directors are representatives from each shareholder. Therefore, the shareholders are already appropriately protected as they are involved in making all the key business decisions. As such some aspects of the UK Corporate Governance Code are not applicable for the Group. 
All directors have full access to the internal audit team, the external auditor and to management. No director has a financial interest in the Company other than by way of their fees as disclosed in the Report of the directors. The Chairman has confirmed that he has sufficient time to undertake his duties as Chairman given his commitments outside the Group. 
Board of Directors (continued) Grant Hawkins and Michael Pavia are considered to be independent non-executive directors. The role of the non-executive directors includes scrutinising the performance of management; satisfying themselves on the integrity of financial information and that financial controls and systems of risk management are robust and defensible. 
The two independent non-executive directors attend and participate in decisions at all WWU Board meetings and at meetings ofWWU's Audit Committee, Treasury Committee and HSE Committee. Whilst these are formally constituted at the Wales and West Gas Networks (Holdings) Limited ("WWGN") Group level, their work relates to the Group's activities. The independent non-executive directors therefore play a full part in all strategic decisions at the WWU Board. All directors' views are given full consideration and due weight in all proceedings of the Board and Committees. 
During the year ended 31 March 2020, attendance at Board and Committee meetings has been quorate. Papers are circulated to the relevant directors in advance of the meetings and, where they have been unable to attend, any comments or issues are raised with management prior to the meeting. 
The Board meetings held during the year and up to the date of signing are detailed below with attendees: Date of 2019/20 
Board meetings 
10 April 2019 30 May 2019 
25 June 2019 10 July 2019 
24 July 2019 
25 September 2019 5 November 2019 
15 November 2019 28 November 2019 
21 January 2020 8 April 2020 
Attendees Directors 
8 out of 9 6 out of 9 7 out of 9 8 out of 9 5 out of 9 Bout of 8 8 out of 8 8 out of 8 7 out of 8 8 out of 8 7 out of 8 
Andrew Hunter Graham Edwards Dominic Chan Grant Hawkins 
Hing Lam Kam (or alternate) Duncan Macrae 
Michael Pavia Charles Tsai 
Edmond Ip - resigned 6 August 2019 
Attendance at Board meetings 
9 out of 11 11 out of 11 10 out of 11 11 out of 11 11 out of 11 10 out of 11 11 out of 11 8 out of 11 
none out of 5 

Board composition is reviewed regularly to ensure appropriate balance of expertise, skills and experience for the requirements of the business of the Group. Evaluation of the performance of the Board directors is conducted by virtue of their appointments being made and monitored by the investing shareholders; accordingly there is no standing nominations committee. The Chairman regularly reviews and agrees the training and development needs with each director. 
The performance of members of the Executive Committee is assessed annually by the Chief Executive Officer as part of WWU's performance management process. 
All directors make an active contribution to the affairs of the Board. The Company Secretary is responsible to the Board for ensuring that all Board procedures are followed and that the Board is briefed on all legislative, regulatory and corporate governance developments. 
The Board reserves for its consideration or approval all Company matters which includes the Group's strategy, major items of capital expenditure and certain material contracts, save for those which it explicitly delegates to management. The form of delegated authority is reviewed by the Board periodically. 
The Board is responsible for monitoring the statutory audit of the annual report and consolidated financial statements, reviewing and monitoring the independence of the statutory auditor, and, in particular, the provision of additional services to the Company. 
The Remuneration Committee, which comprises Andrew Hunter, as chairman, Dominic Chan, Duncan Macrae, Hing Lam Kam and Charles Tsai, has written terms of reference. This Committee meets as necessary to consider and determine the terms and conditions of employment of senior management, including salary, bonus, and pension entitlements. The activities of the Remuneration Committee meetings are reported to the Board at least annually.
Board of Directors (continued) The Treasury Committee, which comprises Dominic Chan, as chairman, Duncan Macrae, Michael Pavia and Grant Hawkins, has written terms of reference and meets as required. The directors have delegated financial risk management to the Treasury Committee, which considers the funding requirements of the Group and reports its activities to the Board with key decisions referred back to the Board for ratification. The policies set by the Board are implemented by the Company's Finance department. 
The Health and Safety Committee, which comprises Michael Pavia as chairman, Graham Edwards, Dominic Chan and Duncan Macrae, has written terms of reference and meets regularly. It reviews the Company's safety and environmental record and activities. The activities of the Health and Safety Committee meetings are reported to and considered by the Board at each HSE meeting, with a formal report being presented to the Board on an annual basis. 
The Audit Committee, which comprises Michael Pavia, as chairman, Dominic Chan, Duncan Macrae, Grant Hawkins and Charles Tsai, has written terms of reference. This Committee meets at least three times a year to monitor the adequacy of internal controls, accounting policies and financial reporting of the Company and the Group and receives reports from the internal audit team and external auditor on a regular basis. The activities of the Audit Committee meetings are reported to and considered by the Board. 
During the year, and in the period up to the approval of these consolidated financial statements, the Audit Committee held three meetings and assisted both executive and non-executive directors to discharge their individual and collective responsibilities by undertaking the following work: 
i. reviewed significant issues and provided comments on the consolidated financial statements, received reports from the external auditor setting out the audit approach and plan, significant audit risks and conclusions on the group's internal controls and risk management and confirming auditor independence; 
ii.reviewed the appropriateness of accounting policies, significant accounting judgements and evidence supporting the going concern basis for the accounts and recommended approval of the accounts to the Board; 
iii. reviewed the effectiveness of the external auditors and their effectiveness in respect of the audit process and discussed their outputs with the external audit partner; 
iv. reviewed the effectiveness of the internal audit function, including approving the appointment of external co-sourcing partners to carry out specialist assurance work; 
v. considered and approved external auditor's fees for both audit and non-audit services, by reference to the Committee's policy on approval of non-audit fees; 
vi. approved the internal audit work programme for the year, reviewed progress against the programme and received reports on the outputs of internal audits; 
vii. reviewed the risk and control framework and reporting; and viii. monitored compliance with the Company's procedures designed to prevent bribery, having regard to the provisions of the Bribery Act 2010, including receiving reports on any whistleblowing allegations. 
The external auditor has confirmed to the Audit Committee that it remains independent and maintains internal safeguards to ensure its objectivity. The Audit Committee considers that the external auditor remains independent.


Attendance at Committee meetings by directors and/or alternates during the year ended 31 March 2020 and up to the date of signing is shown below: 
Audit 
Date of meeting 25 June 2019 
19 August 2019 
3 September 2019 22 October 2019 
21 November 2020 21 January 2020 
17 Februarv 2020 
Committee 4 out of 5 
5 out of 5 
3 out of 5 
Remuneration Committee 
2 out of 5* - 
Health and Safety Committee - 
4 out of 4 
2 out of 4 
Treasury Committee - 
4 out of 4 - 
2 out of 4 
4 out of 4 
*2 members of the Remuneration who were unable to attend the meeting delegated their representation to the Chairman. 

Internal control The Board is responsible for the process to identify, evaluate and manage significant risks facing the Group and maintaining the Group's system of internal control to safeguard shareholders' investment and the Group's assets and for reviewing its effectiveness. The system is designed to manage rather than eliminate the risk of failure to achieve business objectives and can only provide reasonable and not absolute assurance against material misstatement or loss. There is an ongoing process for identifying, evaluating and managing the significant risks faced by the Group through the risk register that is regularly reviewed by the Board and has been in place throughout 2019/20 and up to the date of the approval of these consolidated financial statements. 
Risk identification and management On an annual basis, the WWU Board of directors, as the body with overall responsibility for the Group's system of risk management and internal control and for the monitoring of its effectiveness, undertakes a review of the internal processes, risks and controls with assurance and support provided by one of the Company's Board committees, the Audit Committee. 
WWU has endorsed a Corporate Governance Framework (page 22) which supports the Board and puts assurance at its foundation and internal control and risk management at its core. 
The Board is responsible for identifying the major business risks faced by the Company and determining a suitable response. The Audit Committee, as a committee of the Board, operates under delegated authority from the Board to discharge this responsibility on their behalf and reviews the effectiveness of the system of internal financial control of the Group and receives reports from the internal audit team and external auditor on a regular basis. In order to ascertain the effectiveness of the risk management framework, the Board receives a verbal summary of each Audit Committee meeting from the Audit Committee Chairman and requests further information as appropriate. 
The Board has put in place an organisational structure with dearly defined lines of responsibility and delegation of authority. There are also established procedures for planning and capital expenditure, together with information and reporting systems for monitoring the Group's businesses and performance. The Board has adopted a Code of Business Conduct applicable to all staff, setting out the standards which the Company expects of them. 
The Board is ultimately responsible for reviewing the effectiveness of control of WWU's key business risks, set out on pages 10 to 13, and key elements of this process are described below. Using this information the Board will: 
• review and examine WWU's performance on risk management and internal control; and • consider the internal and external risk profile of the coming year and consider if current risk management and mitigating actions are likely to be sufficient and effective. 
Under the Group risk management policy, all Executive Committee members are required to certify on an annual basis that they have effective controls in place to manage risks and to operate in compliance with legislation and Group procedures.


Internal control (continued) The Group also has policies covering suspected fraud, anti-bribery and whistleblowing included in the Code of Business Conduct, and we thoroughly investigate any allegations of misconduct and irregularity and consider the implications for our control environment. These policies apply to all directors, employees, workers, agents or any other persons acting for, or on behalf of, the Group. The Group will seek to ensure that third parties such as joint venture partners, agents and consultants also commit to the principles and relevant practices referred to in the Code of Business Conduct. 
All of these processes serve to ensure that a culture of effective control and risk management is embedded within the organisation and that the Group is in a position to react appropriately to new risks as they arise. A key part of that process is the receipt of a Letter of Assurance from the Chief Executive which consolidates the key matters of interest raised throughout the statutory and regulatory year undertaken by the Group. The Letter of Assurance is based on a confirmation by each member of the Executive Committee of the accuracy of the risk, management process, effectiveness of internal controls and general governance. The report is used by the Chief Executive Officer as an opportunity to update the Board on any significant issues or projects that may have arisen in the period under review. 
Internal control framework The Group has an established internal control framework which comprises: • a clearly defined structure which delegates an appropriate level of authority, responsibility and accountability, including responsibility for internal financial control, to management of defined departments; 
• a comprehensive budgeting and financial reporting function with an annual budget and business plan approved by the Board, which also monitors the financial reporting process, monthly results and updated forecasts for the year against budget; 
• a cash management plan to ensure that the Group has adequate funds and resources for the foreseeable future; • documented financial control procedures; managers of departments are required to confirm annually that they have adequate financial controls in operation and to report all material areas of financial risk; compliance with procedures is reviewed and tested by the Company's internal audit department; 
• an investment appraisal process for evaluating proposals for all major capital expenditure and acquisitions, with defined levels of approval and a system for monitoring the progress of capital projects; and 
• a post-investment evaluation process for major capital expenditure and acquisitions to assess the success of the project and learn any lessons to be applied to future projects.


Internal control (continued) 
Internal control framework (continued) Key elements of the 1/VWU internal control process are: • Strategic risk framework: This process involves the Executive Committee in the identification, assessment, and monitoring of risks significant to 1/VWU. The dorument is formally appraised at each Audit Committee but new risks are added as required and improvement actions and risk indicators monitored on a regular basis. Closed risks are removed. 
• OperationaVcompliancelfinancial risk frameworks: This process involves each Executive Committee member and their management teams in the identification, assessment, and monitoring of risks significant to their function. Risks are reviewed quarterly with new risks added as required and improvement actions and significant risks monitored on a regular basis by the Executive Committee. The frameworks are formally reported upon in the Exerutive Letters of Assurance to the Chief Executive Officer at 31 December each year prior to reporting results to the parent undertaking. The letters are updated at 31 March for the statutory and regulatory year, and informally as required. 
• Reporting to the Board and Executive Committee: The Executive Committee considers new risks as they arise and reports to the Board and Audit Committee as appropriate. This indudes regular updates throughout the year of the risks currently considered to be key to the sustainability of the business model. 
• Internal Audit: This involves periodic reporting to the Exerutive Committee and the Audit Committee, the Head of Internal Audit has unfettered direct access to the Audit Committee. 
• External Audit: External Audit will be kept informed on the status of the risk management process. Any findings in the area of risk management identified during the annual audit process will be communicated to the Board via the Audit Committee. The results of any external audit findings are incorporated into the Internal Audit monitoring process and improvements to the internal ·control environment are made as required. 
• Ofgem's Data Assurance Guidelines ("DAG'J: Regulatory year 2015/16 saw the full implementation of DAG which requires all relevant regulatory submissions to be risk assessed and proportionate controls put in place to ensure accuracy and completeness of such returns. DAG requires the documentation of methodologies and processes to collate and account for information being submitted, and specifies the assurance process around such information. The requirements of DAG include a reconciliation of the statutory consolidated financial statements to the annual regulatory performance. 
The directors have delegated to executive management implementation of the system of internal financial control throughout the Group. This indudes financial controls which enable the Board to meet its responsibilities for the integrity and accuracy of the Group's accounting records and compliance with accepted accounting principles in order to enable the preparation of consolidated financial statements which show a true and fair view of the Group's results and financial position. 
Processes underpinning the financial reporting systems are managed and monitored by functional line management through regular reporting. Data consolidated into the Group's consolidated financial statements is reconciled to the underlying financial records.


Internal control (continued) Internal control review The Chief Executive and Finance Director have undertaken an annual assessment for the annual statutory and regulatory year under review and up to the date of approval of the consolidated financial statements on the Company's internal control including financial, operational and compliance controls and risk management functions. 
In making the annual assessment, the Chief Executive and Finance Director have: considered and prepared a list of the significant risks which documents how they have been identified, evaluated and managed the Company's ability to respond to changes in its business and the external environment, considered and documented the scope and quality of management's continued monitoring of risks and of the system of internal control, and the work of the internal audit function and other providers of assurance. 
The Company continues to improve its IT control environment and widened the application of SAP's Governance Risk Compliance software solution during the year. This resulted in increased awareness of potential access risks, which the Company deals with as identified. 
The Chief Executive and Finance Director are satisfied that the Company's internal control systems are effective and adequate. In addition, the Chief Executive and Finance Director are satisfied with the adequacy of financial resources, qualifications and experience of the staff of their accounting and financial reporting function, and their training programmes and budget, and also the adequacy of their anti-bribery and anti-corruption policy, procedures and programmes. 
The directors and Executive Committee are not aware of any significant control deficiencies which require additional consideration or disclosure.
