Corporate governance statement For the year ended 31 March 2020 
For the year ended 31 March 2020, under The Companies (Miscellaneous Reporting) Regulations 2018, the Company has adopted the Wates Corporate Governance Principles for Large Private Companies. 
The principles below have been applied throughout the year ended 31 March 2020. 
Purpose and leadership Our core business is to provide safe and reliable electricity supplies to our 2.5 million customers who rely on us each and every day. The service we provide is critical to the lives and livelihoods of the communities that we serve. Our primary purpose is to provide industry leading maintenance, protection and development of our critical energy infrastructure assets to deliver safe and secure networks that meet the needs of our current and future customers. We strive to fulfil our purpose with the highest regard to the safety of all involved and to deliver the · best possible service for our customers and stakeholders in an environmentally sustainable manner. 
The culture within WPD West Midlands is driven by our Board, which is made up of a team with extensive experience of both the energy sector and the customer focused values that have long been the cornerstone ofWPD West Midlands's sector leading service delivery. The Board strives to encourage the workforce to take personal ownership by following the golden rule, "treat the custom(,rs the way you would like to be treated". 
The Board values strong relationships with all stakeholder groups and oversees a comprehensive programme of engagement with our stakeholders to ensure that our business strategies and values are aligned. For further information please refer to our strategy and key goals as detailed in our Strategic report on pages 2 to 6. 
Our Board recognises the important contribution made by all employees in delivering our purpose. Our vision and , 
values are communicated to employees through annual roadshows presented by the Chief Executive and supported by the executive directors. These values are reinforced to all employees through our annual objective setting and performance review process. Additionally, in the current year, the Board conducted a Leadership Conference presented by the Chief Executive and Board members to the senior management team of the Company. This initiative helps to strengthen our values and supports open dialogue between the executive and senior management team and thus key messages communicated by the executive directors are cascaded throughout the organisation. 
Our in-house magazine and regular news bulletin· support the delivery of our purpose and values across the organisation, communicating examples of our values and illustrating positive behaviours. 
The Board utilises annual staff opinion surveys as a key tool of assessing the effectiveness of communication and engagement across the workforce. These measure a range of factors impacting staff, for example a safety survey steered by the Chief Executive sought to obtain safety perceptions, values and behaviours across the work force. The knowledge attained has been used to evaluate the safety environment of the Company and to identify both best practice and areas of improvement, with the results being shared across the organisation. 
The Board strives to support a customer centric ethos whereby staff are empowered to take personal responsibility to continuously ensure the provision of excellent service. As a result of this vision being reinforced by the executive directors and the senior management team, outstanding customer service is a binding ethos throughout WPD West Midlands's workforce. Strategic decisions on the business model and organisational structure underpin this ethos, for example placing our operational staff and'resources geographically close to the communities they 
. serve. 
The Board welcomes and invites feedback, it also recognises that staff may wish to raise concerns anonymously. An ethics helpline provides employees with the opportunity to report any concerns. A defined policy is in place for resolution of any concern reported through the helpline. 


 .


Purpose and leadership (continued) The Board is committed to fostering an effective relationship with its ultimate shareholder, PPL and actively promotes engagement and transparency to ensure that the values within the Company are aligned to investor priorities. 
Board composition The Board of WPD West Midlands comprises four executive directors and two independent non-executive directors. 
The designation of the executive director roles are Chief Executive, Operations Director, Finance Director -and Resources and External Affairs Director. All the executive directors are experienced in their respective,roles and responsibilities. 
Key functions of the business are reflected within the organisational structure of the Company and fall within three· broad areas i.e. operations/logistics, resources & external affairs and finance/IT. The size of the Board is aligned to the organisational structure of the Company with each executive director responsible for the oversight of its relevant area under the common leadership of the Chief Executive. 
The independent oversight responsibilities lie with the non-executive directors. The non-executive directors possess the necessary skills and experience of the utility sector and wider business sectors to provide adequate oversight of the Company. In fulfilment of their duties they have access to the Company Secretary and to legal advisors funded by the Company. As with all Board members the non-executive directors have the authority to request Board meetings. 
All directors including the Chief Executive have equal voting rights when making Board decisions. 
The Chief Executive is appointed by the ultimate parent of the Company, PPL. The Governance and Nominating Committee ("GNC") of PPL seeks candidates with a broad range of demonstrable abilities and accomplishments beyond that of corporate leadership. These abilities include sufficient skills and expertise to provide sound and prudent guidance in respect of the Company's operations and interests. When making appointments, the GNC takes into consideration skills, expertise, background, professional experience, education, and a variety of other attributes that contribute t'o the Board's collective strength. Further a separate committee of PPL, Compensation . Conn;nttee ("CC"), is responsible for the succession planning of the Chief Executive. 
Other executive directors and non-executive directors are nominated by the Chief Executive and elected and formally appointed by the existing Board members. The process followed for nomination of the directors involves consideration of the relevant skills, expertise, experience, professional background and various other personal attributes. The Executive Council, consisting of the Chief Executive plus the other executive directors, is · responsible for the succession planning of other executive directors and non-executive directors. 
A detailed profile of our executive team can be found on our website at the link below: https :/ /www. western power .co. uk/about-us/meet-our-executi ve-team Newly appointed directors undertake an induction programme which is tailored to their specific needs. 
The Board ensures their knowledge is current and relevant through a variety of means such as attending appropriate industry conferences, holding memberships of relevant institutes, completing technical training updates and attending meetings with various industry ·participants e.g. regulators, investors and banks. The executive' directors adopt a hands on leadership style and regularly meet with their management teams to ensure that they are updated on the.latest business developments and have immediate access to current information.


Directors' responsibility 
Accountability and discharge of responsibilities There are well-defined policies, as approved by the Board, clearly establishing the overall duties and liabilities of the directors, the areas of responsibility and accountability for each director, the process for delegation of authority by the Board and the matters reserved for the Board. There is a robust process in place for the· regular review and update of policies and processes to ensure they remain relevant and fit for purpose._ 
There are four principal Board meetings each year. If the need arises, the directors can call additional meetings at 
• any time,· organised through the Company Secretary. The Board receives and is updated on all key and important business information by the executive directors at the Board meetings. The Board is supported by the Company Secretary to provide guidance on key governance requirements. 
Overall operational responsibility of the Company lies with the Chief Executive. The Chief Executive fulfils this responsibility in conjunction with, and through oversight of, the other executive directors. Regul_ar formal meetings, known as the Executive Council, consist of the Chief Executive plus the other executive directors. This acts as a forum for the discussion of business performance, strategic considerations and identification of matters to be considered by the_ Board. Other senior management may attend the meeting for the purpose of providing updates to the directors. Any key items are circulated and communicated to the Board in a timely manner. 
The executive directors are responsible for the organisational performance of their directorate and are accountable to the Chief Executive and the Board. The executive directors regularly meet with their respective senior management teams to discuss matters impacting the Company. Key Performance Indicator ("KPI") monitoring is delegated to senior managers who report directly to their respective executive director. While maintaining complete oversight of their area of accountability, the executive directors empower senior management to take operational decisions, apply their knowledge and utilise their industry experience in the day to day management of the business. 
The executive directors understand the importance of leading with integrity. Annual training on "Standards of integrity'' as endorsed by the Board, is mandatory for all staff including executive directors. Company policy sets out potential conflicts of interest and at each Board meeting the directors disclose any potential conflicts of interest in any of the Company transactions or arrangements. In addition the Company Secretary administers an annual process whereby the directors disclose any interests in related parties or any related party transactions. 
Integrity ofinformation At the quarterly Board meetings of the Company and WPD Group, the Board receives information on all key aspects of the .business including safety, environmental matters, risks and opportunities, financial performance, strategic and regulatory matters, operational matters, market conditions, changes in the political landscape and updates on relevant technological developments. Board information is prepared by a centralised team and is subject to detailed review procedures at various levels of senior management prior to submission to the Board. 
Key financial information is taken from the Company's financial systems. Our finance team is appropriately qualified to ensure the integrity of this information and necessary training is provided to keep them up to date with statutory, regulatory and financial reporting requirements. As WPD is owned by a US publicly quoted company, it is subject to the requirements of the US Sarban_es-Oxley Act of 20_02 (the "Act"). In accordance with the requirements of the Act, our management team undertakes an annual assessment of internal controls over financial reporting. This includes ensuring all key financial processes have been documented with specific details on the controls in place. Key controls over financial reporting are periodically reviewed and tested by our Internal Audit team.


Opportunity and risk (continued) 
Opportunity (continued) The Board is constantly engaged in considering technological advances and is invested in the development of smarter ways of working throughout the business. Publication of our DSO plan and the launching of a new brand, 'Flexible Power' to seek market-provided sources of flexibility (which will allow us to accommodate increasing demand for electricity without having to build a larger network), are recent examples of how innovation and technology can be harnessed to create business opportunities through efficiently meeting the n~eds of our stakeholders. Other examples of key initiatives undertaken by the executive directors include: 
• Electric vehicles ("EV'') - We published our EV strategy and organised EV conferences to assist local authorities in the development of plans for projected volumes of EV s. 
• Smart grids - The Board endorses innovation in the area of smart grids and meters so that new techniques are developed and enhanced data from smart meters is captured and utilised to help develop a more dynamic network. 
• Losses management - We have adopted a detailed approach to reduce technical engineering losses from the network by taking various measures which are outlined in detail on our website at the link: https :/ /www. western power. co. uk/smarter-networks/losses/losses-management 
• Climate change adaption - In response to requirements set by the Department of Environment, Food and Rural Affairs ("DEFRA") and the Climate Change Act 2008, WPD has produced "Adaptation to Climate Change" reports highlighting the work being undertaken by us in this area. Reports can be found on our website at the link: 
https://www.westernpower.co.uk/customers-and-community/environment/carbon-irnpact-and-climate-change 
• Cyber security measures -A qualified team has been established, dedicated to cyber security and is one of the key measures taken by the directors to evaluate and mitigate cyber security risks. In addition, we were also one of the 170 participants that took part i~ a national level cyber security exercise organised by the Government, which raised awareness about the threat of cyber security attacks and gave us an opportunity to enhance our "continued improvement'' cyber security programme. 
Risk The WPD Board oversees the risk management of the Group and develops the Group's overall risk appetite whilst in pursuit of its strategic goals. The responsibility for internal controls cascades from the Chief Executive and the executive directors to senior management teams responsible for risk assessment and implementation of appropriate mitigation. Managers are responsible for the identification of risks and the deployment of appropriate controls within their areas of responsibility. Policies are established, reviewed regularly and made available on the Group website to assist the managers with establishing an appropriate control environment. We consider the involvement of qualified and competent employees with the appropriate level of expertise throughout the business, a key factor for implementing an effective internal control environment. 
Risk management is embedded into the organisational structure with specialist teams established to manage certain key risk areas. Specifically, we have long established teams reporting to senior managers responsible for health and safety, regulatory compliance, employee relations, cyber security, financial reporting and legal compliance. 
An enterprise risk management process is in operation with a focus on recognising emerging risks. Identification and consideration of significant and emerging risks and subsequent related decisions, if any, are undertaken by the Executive Council. The Executive Council exercises suitable judgement as to any control decisions that merit Board attention. Emerging risks are regularly reported to the Board, facilitating the oversight of the risk management process of the Company. Pages 19 to 24 of the Strategic report outlines the key risks and the related mitigating actions for the Company.


Opportunity and risk (continued) 
Risk (continued) We have an established internal audit function reporting directly to the Chief Executive. The head of internal audit also attends and reports directly to the WPD Group Board members at their quarterly meetings. The WPD internal audit function also reports into the Audit Committee of the shareholder, PPL. The internal audit approach follows a recognised audit framework to ensure the Group is compliant with relevant legislation e.g. SarbartesOxley Act 2002, (as required by our US shareholder). The Internal Audit Charter, defining the purpose, mission and ·responsibilities of the Internal Audit function, has been approved by the Board. The Board is also responsible for approving the annual audit plan, reviewing audit results and monitoring the implementation of Internal Audit recommendations. Regular updates, including the progress of Internal Audit testing are provided to the Board. 
Remuneration The remuneration policy applicable to the role of Chief Executive is set by PPL CC. The policy is reviewed annually by PPL at its Annual General Meeting and is detailed in PPL's Annual Proxy Statement. PPL's 2020 proxy statement can be found at: https ://pp 1 web. in vestorroom.com/proxy 
The CC uses an independent consultant to ensure that the executive compensation programme is reasonable and consistent with competitive industry practices. The consultant reviews the remuneration policy in line with market compensation data and information on pay practices from the utility and general industry comparators. After considering the advice from the consultant, the CC arrives at compensation packages that are aligned with the achievement of PPL Group's purpose, long and short term goals that include operational and financial targets and overall strategic priorities. 
Remuneration of the other executive director roles is approved by the shareholder PPL, with input from the WPD Chief Executive Qfficer, following the review of an internal benchmarking exercise of base salary plus long and short term incentives covering operational and financial targets. Elements of directors' remuneration is directly linked to the Group's performance targets which align to the Group's purpose and values. The remuneration of non-executive directors is also approved by the WPD Chief Executive Officer. 
The pay of the Company's wider workforce is consulted and agreed upon with the recognised trade unions with the aim to ensure that the terms and conditions are aligned to current industry practices. 
Stakeholder relations and engagement The Board believes that the overall success of the business i~ dependent upon the way we work with our stakeholders and is fully committed to fostering effective stakeholder relationships that are aligned to the Company's purpose and strategy. Our key stakeholders are customers, employees, regulators, suppliers and our shareholder; the Board actively promotes engagement and transparency with all these stakeholder groups and the 
. executive directors ensure that a fair and balanced view of. the Company's position is communicated to the relevant stakeholders. This is outlined below: 
Customers We have an established customer panel that meets four times a year with members, who represent a wide range of 
. customers and other key stakeholder groups. The panel is attended by the Chief Executive and other directors and through the panel, they seek honest and challenging customer views about the way we operate and our future plans. This level of engagement plays an important role in helping the Company achieve its purpose of delivering good value and quality service for its customers. 
Annually we host workshops to understand the needs of our stakeholders so that they are aligned with the strategic priorities of the Company. The directors participate in these workshops and improvement actions identified are subsequently considered and where appropriate, implemented.


Stakeholder relations and engagement (continued) 
Customers /continued) The newly created Customer Engagement Group ("CEG"), as part of RIIO-ED2's enhanced engagement, will fulfil a vital role to ensure customers are placed at the heart of our plans for the future and that actions and decisions made by us are truly positioned to deliver on the long-term interests of customer. The CEG is independent and has the ability to challenge us on various areas such as our priorities, proposed outputs and expenditure, our approach to sustainability, resilience and innovation; our transition to DSO; the sta!ceholder engagement process; and vulnerable customer strategies. Recommendations from the CEG group will be reviewed and considered by the Executive Council and in turn by the Board. 
The directors' commitment, and in turn that of senior management and the wider workforce, of being proactive in customer engagement is evident from the fact that WPD has maintained its position as the top performing DNO group in the Stakeholder Engagement Incentive Award Scheme (a key element of Ofgem's Broad Measure of Customer Satisfaction), since its introduction in 2011/12. In 2018/19 WPD was again rated first place in the industry (outperforming every DNO, gas and transmission network) with a score of8.35 out of 10. 
For further details on engagement with customers please refer to pages 4, 12 and 22 of the Strategic report. For details on engagement with vulnerable customers refer to page 25 of the Strategic report. 
Employees Employee roadshows are conducted annually and led by the Chief Executive to ensure that employees are kept informed about the Company's goals, objectives, performance, plans and importantly how individuals are able to contribute towards the Company's purpose and strategy. This year's roadshow consisted of 49 presentations, conducted across 33 locations. 
Our internal communications through our in-house magazine and email updates are effective tools in engaging employees. In a recent internal publication, engagement from employees on RIIO-ED2 was invited, a demonstration that the directors are proactively seeking employees' views on key business areas. 
Various presentations are delivered to employees to emphasise key priorities of the Company. For example, during the year safety presentations were made to highlight and promote the importance the Board places on the safety of its workforce, contractors, customers and any member of the public coming into contact with the electricity network. 
The Board acknowledges its responsibility towards its existing as well as its retired employees and thus WPD operates defined benefit pension schemes for its employees who joined the schemes prior to them being closed for new members and a defined contribution scheme for all other employees. A representative Board of trustees is established for the defined benefit pension schemes, comprising representatives of the employer and plan participants. Assets held in trust are governed by UK regulations and practice and the schemes' investment strategy is decided by the Trustees in consultation with the employer. The Board is committed to the best interests of its employees, including past employees, and thus actively monitors the performance of the pension schemes. Relevant information is presented to the Board in board meetings. 
For further details on engagement with employees please refer to pages 5 and 23 of the Strategic report.


Stakeholder relations and engagement (continued) 
Regulators The executive directors are actively involved in ensuring open and transparent communication with industry regulators, most nota~ly Ofgem and the Health and Safety Executive ("HSE"). 
The directors engage with Ofgem with the overall aim of developing a regulatory price control framework that contains the right balance of customer focused outpu~ and economic incentives, which help to deliver the Government's energy objectives and de-carbonisation targets. All key communications and engagements with · Ofgem are discussed at Board meetings. 
The Chief Executive is a ·member of the National Health & Safety Committee ("HESAC"), ( of which the HSE is a member) and either personally attends the committee meetings or delegates a member of senior management to attend on his behalf. The goal is to align the Company's internal safety campaigns to HSE safety initiatives and to HSE supported programmes. 
The Chief Executive is a director of the industry trade association, the Energy Networks Association Limited ("ENA") and the chair of the ENA Electricity Network and Future Group. 
Annually the Chief Executive or nominated members of the senior management team attend the UK's National Safety, Health and Environmental Committee for Energy. 
· 
Suppliers Defined policies are in place for procurement of goods and services and associated supply chain management and engagement. We have a dedicated purchasing department that assists with engagement with suppliers. The Operations Director has oversight responsibility for logistics including the supply chain function. Key issues are reported and discussed at the Executive Council. 
We also carry out payment performance reporting for its suppliers, details of which can be found on page 13 of the Strategic report. 
Shareholder The Board of Directors actively engages with our ultimate shareholder, PPL, on all key matters. PPL's senior management has regular contact and dialogue with WPD's executive directors and senior management and all key information is fed back to the PPL Board on a timely basis. Regular financial and regulatory update meetings are conducted with PPL's management team to provide updates on any key accounting, business, and legal issues. Additionally, the WPD Group's financial plan is presented to PPL for detailed review and approval on an annual basis. 
Further, for the benefit of all its current and future stakeholders, the Board is dedicated to conducting its business as a responsible steward of the environment. The Board actively monitors its impact in terms of carbon· footprint, waste recycling and fluid loss. For details refer to pages 9-11 and 22 of the Strategic report.
