Corporate Governance 
The Company has always followed corporate governance arrangements established in its agreements with its shareholders. It has measured these against the Wates Principles and the conclusions of this assessment are set out below.


a) Purpose and leadership. The directors set clear objectives, targets and incentives through the business planning process. This was reinforced by a strong and consistent set of values, which were promoted across all members of staff. These values were aligned to the Virgin Trains brand, which encouraged purpose to be central to the business. 
b) Board composition. The board was and is comprised of highly experienced individuals and led by an experienced chair. The board members have a range of skills; financial, commercial, legal and operational. The interests of members were balanced by appropriate representation, with both shareholders and employees represented, and the board sought expert help and advice from appropriately qualified individuals when the occasion demanded it. 
c) Directors' responsibilities. As noted above, the directors comprise highly experienced individuals with a good understanding of their responsibilities as members of the board. In addition, duties were allocated in such a way as to promote and support effective decision making. The board met monthly to consider the Company's performance and key decisions, with delegation where appropriate to the audit, safety and remuneration committees. 
d) Opportunity and risk. These were regularly assessed as part of the business planning process. Risks were also assessed using a risk register, and considered by the board, safety committee or audit committee as appropriate. 
e) Remuneration. The board ensured that executive remuneration was aligned to long term objectives, so as to incentivise the promotion of the best interests of the Company. Remuneration was partly comprised oflong term incentives to further promote the sustainable success of the Company. The board delegated certain duties to the remuneration committee to ensure that decisions were taken in a sufficiently impartial and fair manner, and to ensure that pay and conditions elsewhere in the Company were considered when making decisions about executive remuneration. 
f) Stakeholders, relationships and engagement. The board fostered and took a keen interest in relationships with key stakeholders including employees, customers, suppliers and communities. This involved frequent and meaningful consultation with employees and trades unions, and responding fully and constructively to suggestions and concerns. In addition there was a regular and full dialogue with the Off, and with key suppliers such as Network Rail and rolling stock suppliers. Further details of stakeholder engagement activities can he found in the Stratef!ic Renort.

