Statement of corporate governance arrangements 
Pursuant to Paragraphs 21 to 30, Part 8, Schedule 7 of the Large and Medium-sized Companies and Groups (Accounts and Reports) Regulations 2008 (SI 2008/410). The Board of Directors of the Company have formally adopted and applied The Wates Corporate Governance Principles for Large Private Companies, ("The Wates Principles''). 
In line with the 路apply and explain" approach guidance under each principle, the Directors hereby explain their approach to applying each principle in respect of the corporate governance arrangements of the Company. 
As a large private regulated subsidiary of FIS, the Board operates autonomous decision-making whilst incorporating and aligning to FIS Group-wide policies and culture, this demonstrates the Directors' commitment to accountability and acknowledgement of their Directors' duties whilst continually considering the needs of all Company stakeholders. 
PRINCIPLE I: PURPOSE AND LEADERSHIP The Board of Directors develops and promotes the purpose of the Company, and ensures that its values, strategy and culture align with that purpose. The 'One FIS' group-wide culture forms the basis for this approach, always striving to win as one team, lead with Integrity and be the change. The 路FIS 3Cs' define the groups that the purpose and values are delivered for- our Colleagues, Clients and Communities. The FIS Culture is a result of these values being brought to life. The Board carries out its leadership and work in guiding the way in which the Company communicates, learns, leads, works as a tearn and challenges itself to always deliver for the 3Cs. The Board meets annually to plan strategy. The Board clearly articulates and implements its strategy throughout the Merchant Solutions organisation, whilst working alongside its stakeholders. The Board follows and aligns to the FIS group-wide policies in respect of business ethics, conflicts of interest and the prevention of financial crime in order to achieve the highest standards in the payments industry. 
PRINCIPLE 2: BOARD COMPOSITION The composition of the Board is established with a balance of skills, backgrounds, experience and knowledge, with individual Directors having sufficient capacity to make a valuable contribution and an effective Chair. The Chair of the Board ensures the promotion of open debate and facilitates constructive discussion during the course of each Board meeting. Directors are provided with appropriately detailed information and sufficient time is given for meaningful Board discussion. Care is taken to ensure the Board's composition continues to accommodate an understanding of the Company's business needs and stakeholder interests, whilst establishing an appropriate balance of expertise, diversity and objectivity. FIS champions a group-wide diversity and inclusion approach which goes beyond policy making, the composition of the Board which is aligned to the Group路s approach to diversity and inclusion. The Board is made up of representatives from the business and from the ultimate shareholder to ensure ongoing engagement and stakeholder interests continue to be met. The Board has seven Directors in total at the time of publication of these accounts, three of the seven Directors are female Directors. The Board evaluates its performance and effectiveness annually. 
PRINCIPLE 3: DIRECTOR RESPONSIBILITIES The Board, as a collective, and each individual Director have a clear understanding of their accountability and responsibilities, The Board's processes are designed and maintained to support effective decision-making. Board Directors have, in addition to their legal responsibilities as Directors of the Company, notably to act in the best interests of that Company and its stakeholders, the responsibility also to act in recognition of the FIS Group, FIS Group路s regulatory obligations and the FIS Policy Management Framework, which provides a suite of frameworks and policies covering business and financial planning, governance and risk management for the FIS Group, including its subsidiary companies. Pursuant to the Companies Act 2006 and the Group-wide FIS Conflicts of Interest Standard, the Board ensures that, where any conflicts of interest are disclosed, that these are recorded and managed appropriately and if any on-going conflicts were to arise, consideration would be given to membership of the Board.
PRINCIPLE 3: DIRECTOR RESPONSIBILITIES (continued) The Chair and Company Secretary periodically review the appropriateness and strength of the Company's corporate governance processes, continually considering areas for development. There is sufficient linkage between Company and its ultimate parent by way of Director representation on the Board. Because a number of those Directors are based in other areas of the wider FIS group, this enables an objective viewpoint on the Board to the Merchant Solutions business. The Board retains overall responsibility for all matters reserved for the Board. However, the oversight of a variety of items will be delegated to the oversight of the Board Risk Committee, convening in January 2021, to enable a focussed approach to more complex risk management matters. Board papers and supporting management information is accurate, clear. comprehensive, up-to-date and provided in a timely manner to the Board. 
PRINCIPLE 4: OPPORTUNITY AND RISK The Board promotes the long-term sustainable success of the Company by identifying opportunities to create and preserve value, and establishing oversight for the identification and mitigation of risks. As part of its annual strategic planning, the Board considers and assesses how the Company creates and preserves value over the long-term, taking into account tangible and intangible sources of value and stakeholder contribution. In line with the Matters Reserved for the Board, the Board oversees new opportunities for innovation and entrepreneurship and Board approval is required for new business opportunities. The Board oversees financial, non-financial and reputational risk at each quarterly Board meeting, this is compiled and presented by the FIS Risk team and as a result, the Board are able to remain appropriately accountable to stakeholders. In considering the size and nature of the business, internal control systems are in place to manage and mitigate emerging and principal risks. Established internal control systems enable the Board to make informed and robust decisions. The Board currently determines the risk appetite of the Company and, from January 2021, this will be delegated to the Board Risk Committee, which will make recommendations to the Board for approval following in-depth analysis. 
PRINCIPLE 5: REMUNERATION The FIS group aims to attract, engage and cultivate colleagues who can adapt and thrive in an ever-changing business and technology space. FIS are committed to helping colleagues learn, grow and excel with rewarding careers. The groupwide remuneration policy exists to support these objectives and attract the best possible talent to enable the business to grow, ultimately benefitting all stakeholder groups. As the Company is a wholly-owned subsidiary of FIS, the parent company sets remuneration practices and policies. Further details in respect of compensation processes can be found in the FIS Annual Report as well as the corporate governance section and careers sections of the FIS website, all of which can be found at www.fisglobal.com. 
PRINCIPLE 6: STAKEHOLDER RELATIONSHIPS AND ENGAGEMENT Directors foster effective stakeholder relationships aligned to the Company's purpose. The Board is responsible for overseeing meaningful engagement with stakeholders, including the workforce, and having regard to their views when 
taking decisions. Please refer to the section 172(1) statement in the Strategic Report to see further detail explaining how the Company achieves these objectives.
