DIRECTORS' REPORT CORPORATE GOVERNANCE STATEMENT 
I AM PLEASED TO PRESENT THE CORPORATE GOVERNANCE STATEMENT FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 MARCH 2020. 
As a water utility we are acutely aware of the essential public service that we provide and the communities which we serve. As a company we also have clear obligations to our shareholders and other stakeholders. To ensure we build and maintain the trust of all of our key stakeholders we seek to operate with exceptional governance, doing the right thing and remaining open and accountable at all times. 
This report describes how we have applied good governance principles in the way in which our board and its supporting committees operate. We have reported on how we have complied with the UK Corporate Governance Code, the Ofwat Board Leadership, Transparency and Governance Principles and the Wates Corporate Governance Principles for Large Private Companies. All of this information can be found on pages 86 to 91. 
Last year we undertook an externally facilitated board evaluation and we have followed this up this year with an internally facilitated review. I am pleased to report that the review found that our board and committees continue to be effective and that there are a number of important strengths relating to trust, openness and constructive challenge which are key to maintaining good governance at a board level. Further information on the findings from our board evaluation review is on page 92. 
As always, we welcome any feedback on our approach to corporate governance and this can be directed to our company secretary, Kathy Smith, who can be contacted at compsec@yorkshirewater.co.uk 
Anthony Rabin Chairman 15 July 2020


BOARD OF DIRECTORS 
Anthony Rabin, Non-Executive Chairman Appointed: Anthony joined the board as an Independent Non-Executive Director in August 2013 and became our Non-Executive Chairman on 9 September 2016. Skills and experience: Anthony was with Balfour Beatty pie, the international infrastructure group, for 17 years until June 2012, including six years as the Chief Financial Officer and four years as Deputy Chief Executive. He has also held several previous executive roles within Coopers & Lybrand (Partner, Structured Finance Group) and Morgan Grenfell & Co (Senior Assistant Director). Anthony is a Fellow of the Institute of Chartered Accountants in England and Wales, an English barrister and an Honorary Research Fellow at the University of Hull. Other roles: Anthony is the Non-Executive Chairman of Kelda Holdings Limited and a trustee of Norwood Ravenswood. 
Committee Membership: N R SHE SV 
Scott Auty, Non-Executive Director Appointed: Scott joined the board as a Non-Executive Director in September 2017. Skills and experience: Scott is a Managing Director of DWS's infrastructure business, Europe, based in London and is responsible for the origination and execution of infrastructure investment opportunities as well as the ongoing management of the acquired assets. He is a member of the investment committee for the two European infrastructure funds managed by DWS. Prior to joining DWS's infrastructure 
business in 2005, Scott started his career at N M Rothschild & Sons' investment banking division where he was a specialist in the Utilities and Natural Resources sectors. 
Other roles: Scott is also a Non-Executive Director of Kelda Holdings Limited and a supervisory board member of Attero Holdings BV and Dutch Colo A.B.V. 
Committee Membership: N RSHE 
[JL 
Liz Barber, Chief Executive Officer Appointed: Liz joined the board as Chief Financial Officer in November 2010, stepping up to become the Chief Executive in September 2019. Skills and experience: Liz joined the company from Ernst & Young LLP where she held several senior partner roles, including leading the firm's national water team and the assurance practice across the North Region. Liz had been with Ernst & Young since 1987 and in that time worked with some of the largest companies in the UK. Liz specialised in delivery of services to the water industry, including several water companies and UK regulators. Liz is a fellow of the Institute.of Chartered Accountants in England and Wales. Other roles: Liz is the Chief Executive Officer for Kelda Holdings Limited. Liz is also a lay member and trustee of the University of Leeds. Committee Membership: N SHE SV


Andrew Dench, Non-Executive Director Appointed: 
Andrew joined the board as a Non-Executive Director in September 2017. ' \,. 
Skills and experience: Andrew is a Senior Vice President in GIC's Infrastructure team, based in London. He is responsible for the ongoing management of GIC's global infrastructure portfolio. Prior to joining GIC, Andrew was Deputy CEO/ CFO of Veolia Water, UK, Ireland & Northern Europe, CFO of Electricity North West and Head of Corporate Finance & Change at London Stock Exchange Group. While at Veolia, he was a Non-Executive Director of Affinity Water (formerly Veolia Water). Andrew started his career in the investment banking division of Morgan & Stanley where he was focused on project finance, M&A, utilities and the natural resources sector. 
Other roles: Andrew is a Non-Executive Director of Kelda Holdings Limited. He is also a Non-Executive Director on a number of boards, including Terega (Gas Transportation and Storage, France), Duquesne Light and Power (Electricity Transportation and Distribution, US) and Greenko (Renewal Generation, India). Committee Membership: ARN 
Andrew Merrick, Independent Non-Executive Director Appointed: Andrew joined the board as an Independent Non-Executive Director in June 2019. Skills and experience: · Andrew brings considerable financial experience and expertise to the board, as well as strong connections with the Yorkshire region. Prior to joining the board, Andrew was the Chief Financial Officer of Irwin Mitchell solicitors, having previously worked as Group Finance Director for Dart Group pie and as Director of Finance for Bradford & Bingley pie. Andrew has also sat on the Board of 'lncommunities', a Bradford-based social housing provider, where he chaired the audit committee. 
Other roles: Andrew is a Non-Executive Director of Market Harborough Building Society and a member of the Nell Bank Charitable Trust. 
Committee Membership: AN SHE SV 
Nevil Muncaster, Chief Strategy & Regulation Officer Appointed: 
. Nevil joined the board as Director of Asset Delivery in May 2013, becoming the director of Asset Management in 2014 and then the Chief Strategy & Regulation Officer in 2019. Skills and experience: Nevil is a Fellow of the Chartered Institution of Water and Environmental Management and joined the company from Veolia Water where he worked for 19 years and held the roles of Managing Director of Veolia Water South East (formerly Folkstone and Dover Water) and Managing Director of Veolia Water East (formerly Tendring Hundred Water). Other roles: Nevil is also chair of Keyland Developments Limited, a board member of the Living with Water Partnership in Hull and a member of the Green Economy Panel of West Yorkshire Combined Authority. Committee Membership: SHE 
> Committee Key: 
A = Audit Committee N = Nomination Committee R = Remuneration Committee SV = Social Value Committee SHE= Safety, Health and Environment Committee Bold= Chair


Ray O'Toole, Senior Independent Director Appointed: Ray joined the board as an Independent Non-Executive Director in June 2014, becoming the Senior Independent Director on 1 July 2017. Skills and experience: Ray has spent much of his career in the transport sector, including as group chief operating officer and UK chief executive for National Express pie for ten years until 2010. This included responsibility for a fleet of 20,000 buses and coaches, nine rail franchises and 40,000 staff, with operations in Spain, the USA, Canada and the UK. He started his non-executive career whilst at National Express as a member of the board of the British Transport Police Authority. From 2011 Ray served as a non-executive director and member of the safety committee of the Office of Rail and Road until he was appointed as chief executive of Essential Fleet Services Limited from July 2015 until February 2017. Ray has a background in mechanical engineering in addition to skills in safety and strategy. Other roles: Ray is the Chairman of Stagecoach Group pie. Committee Membership: AN R SHE 
Mike Osborne, Non-Executive Director Appointed: Mike joined the board as a Non-Executive Director in September 2017. Skills and experience: Mike is a Principal at Corsair Infrastructure Partners, a business unit of Corsair Capital. Mike has 17 years of experience in infrastructure finance at Ernst & Young, Citi and Corsair. Other roles: Mike is also a Director of ltinere lnfraestructuras, S.A., a toll road operator in Spain. Committee Membership: AN SV SHE 
Dame Julia Unwin, Independent Non-Executive Director Appointed: Julia was appointed to the board as an Independent Non-Executive Director in January 2017. Skills and experience: Julia brings to the board a wealth of experience from the voluntary and public sectors as well as extensive experience of regulatory environments. She served as Chief Executive of the Joseph Rowntree Foundation and the Joseph Rowntree Housing Trust from 2007 until the end of 2016 and was a Council member of the University of York until December 2018. She has also previously served at a very senior level at the Housing Corporation, the Charity Commission and she has chaired the Food Standards Agency. 
Through her engagement with consumers, regulation and public policy, Julia brings a deep understanding of the interests of customers and individual communities to the board as well ·as a specific knowledge of the demographics of the Yorkshire region and of poverty, vulnerability and disadvantage. In May 2019 Julia received a Lifetime Achievement Award from the Chartered Management Institute and Julia was made a Dame in the 2020 New Year's Honours list for her work as a social justice campaigner. Other roles: Julia is currently the Chair of the Independent Inquiry into the Future of Civil Society, which reported in November 2018. She is a non-executive director of Mears Group Pie and of the Financial Reporting Council. Julia is also a member of the First Minister (Scotland) Council of Economic Advisers and the First Minister (Scotland) Advisory Group on Economic Recovery Post Covid-19. 
Committee Membership: N R SHE SV


Andrew Wyllie CBE, Independent Non-Executive Director Appointed: Andrew joined the board as an independent non-executive director in September 2017. Skills and experience: Andrew was chief executive of Costain Group PLC for 14 years up until May 2019. He was also a non-executive director of Scottish Water from April 2009 to April 2017. Andrew has an MBA from the London Business School, he is a Chartered Engineer, a fellow of the Royal Academy of Engineering and was President of the Institution of Civil Engineers in 2019. He is also a companion of the Chartered Management Institute. 
Prior to joining Costain Group PLC, Andrew worked for Taylor Woodrow where he was the managing director of the construction business and a member of the group executive committee. Andrew was awarded a CBE for services to engineering and construction in the 2015 New Year's Honours list. 
Other roles: Andrew is President of the Institution of Civil Engineers and is a Non-Executive Director of BMT Group Ltd. 
Committee·Membership: AN R SHE 
OTHER DIRECTORS DURING THE YEAR Richard Flint 
Richard was the Chief Executive Officer of the company up until his retirement on 12 September 2019. Richard was also a member of the nomination and SHE committees and chaired the social value committee up until.his retirement.

Contents Back DIRECTORS' REPORT ANNUAL REPORT AND FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 2020 LEADERSHIP TEAM 
THE YORKSHIRE WATER LEADERSHIP TEAM IS RESPONSIBLE FOR THE EFFECTIVE DAY-TO-DAY MANAGEMENT OF THE COMPANY. 
THE MEMBERS OF THE LEADERSHIP TEAM ARE: Liz Barber, Chief Executive Officer 
Responsibilities Liz has overall responsibility for the day-to-day management of the. business and the implementation of the purpose, vision and values of the organisation. The other members of the Yorkshire Water Leadership Team all report into Liz, either directly or indirectly. Skills and experience Liz's skills and experience are set out in her board biography on page 80. Nevil Muncaster, Chief Strategy & Regulation Officer 
Responsibilities Nevil has oversight of the long term strategy of the business and all matters relating to regulation. This includes over-seeing the regulatory Price Review and h·ow this fits into the long term business plan and strategy for the business. Oversight of the strategy includes taking into account long term factors such as climate change, global megatrends, the political landscape, social, economic and technological trends. Nevil is responsible for our Sustainability, Resilience, Asset Strategy and Policy, Corporate Affairs and Regulatory teams. 
Skills and experience Nevil's skills and experience are set out in his board biography on page 81. Zoe Burns-Shore, Director of Customer Experience 
Responsibilities Zoe is responsible for our business-wide customer experience strategy. Zoe has functional accountability for over 1,000 staff in the Customer Experience function, covering our customer experience strategy, call centre operations, SafeMove, developer services and customer policy and compliance. 
Skills and experience Zoe joined Yorkshire Water in September 2018, having previously spent five years on the leadership team at First Direct in Leeds, who consistently win industry awards for their approach to customer experience and are number one in the UK Customer Satisfaction Index. Prior to that she was Head of User Experience and Design 
for iPlayer at the BBC and held board director roles at leading Yorkshire brand design agencies Elmwood and Jaywing. Neil Dewis, Director of Water Service Delivery 
Responsibilities Neil is responsible for Water Service Delivery across Yorkshire Water which means that he has full accountability for the delivery of water to the Yorkshire region. 
Skills and experience Neil joined Yorkshire Water in 2001 and has held a number of positions in our regulation, strategy and customer service business functions. He was responsible for creating and shaping the Service Delivery business unit and helping to deliver improved performance year-on-year before being appointed business. transformation director in 2018, moving to his current role in January 2019. 
Neil has a passion for sustainable landscape management and is a Chartered Water and Environment Manager with a background in Environmental Science. He is a member of the Water Supply and Water Quality Panel and is also a director of Pennine Prospects. 
Richard Emmott, Director of Corporate Affairs 
Responsibilities Richard is responsible for managing our stakeholder, political and government relationships, both here in Yorkshire and nationally. 
Skills and experience Richard returned to Yorkshire Water in August 2017, having previously worked with the group in a similar role between 1999 and 2003. Richard is an experienced corporate communications professional and has held senior roles in rail, government regulation, health, financial services and utilities. 
Andy Haywood, Chief Information and Technology Officer 
· Responsibilities Andy is responsible for IT across the group, which includes oversight of our technology strategy and· delivery. Andy is responsible for our IT function and our Business Design and Improvement team. Skills and experience Andy joined Yorkshire Water in July 2019, having held several technology leadership roles. He has previously been Director of IT at Asda, Halifax Bank of Scotland and Boots. His two most recent appointments prior to joining us were as Group Chief Information Officer at the Co-Op, where he created the Co-Op's first digital IT strategy and then as Group Chief Operations Officer at N Brown, where he transformed the company from an offline catalogue business to an on-line digital consumer business.


Mark Nishapati, Director of Health and Safety 
Responsibilities Mark has oversight of all our health, safety and wellbeing operations across the Group, as well as both cyber and physical security and aspects of environmental protection. 
Skills and experience Mark joined Yorkshire Water in October 2016 after a 35-year career in the major hazards industries. This included 25 years in the oil and gas industry, most recently from BG Group (now part of Royal Dutch Shell) where he held the roles of General Manager for Health, Safety, Security and Asset Integrity, and previously General Manager for Production Operations. Prior to oil and gas, Mark worked in the nuclear industry. Mark is a chemical engineer by training and a Fellow of the Institute of Chemical Engineers. He also holds a Master's degree in Process Safety and Loss Prevention. Jenni Morris, Director of Human Resources Responsibilities Jenni is responsible for Human Resources across the Group, which includes all of our people-related policies, our reward framework, reviewing the required skills and competence across the business, succession planning, assessing our capacity and capability, recruitment, employee relations and compliance with people-related legislation. She is also responsible for our internal colleague communications and our accommodation across the business. Skills and experience Jenni joined Yorkshire Water in October 2018, having previously been HR director for the UK Construction Services division at Balfour Beatty pie. She has also worked for Lifestyle Services Group, latterly as Head of Customer Excellence, having previously been Head of HR. Ben Roche, Director of Waste Water Service Delivery Responsibilities Ben is responsible for our delivery of waste water services across Yorkshire, which includes the collection, treatment and recycling of waste water. He also has responsibility for our bio-resources business. Skills and experience Ben is a graduate environmental engineer and studied public health engineering at university before joining Welsh Water and then moving to Yorkshire Water in 2002. Ben has held senior roles in our waste water operations and asset management functions and has led strategic investment initiatives, such as our anaerobic digestion strategy. He became a General Manager in 2013, leading the newly created Energy and Recycling department. Ben was appointed to his current role in January 2019 when the decision was taken to split Service Delivery into two functions; water and waste water. Ben also has responsibility for Kelda Transport Management Limited. 
Kathy Smith, Company secretary 
Responsibilities Kathy is responsible for ensuring the business complies with all relevant corporate governance requirements, supporting the chairman to ensure the board operates effectively in fulfilling its duties, providing support to the board and ensuring that the flow of information to the board enables informed decisions to be made. Kathy is also responsible for our Legal Services team and the teams that deal with insurance and our compliance with the General Data Protection Regulation. 
Skills and experience Kathy joined Yorkshire Water in August 2018, having previously been Company Secretary and Director of Risk at KCOM Group PLC for ten years. Prior to that Kathy spent 13 years working in both internal and external audit. Kathy is a Fellow of the Institute of Chartered Accountants in England and Wales, qualifying with Deloitte, and an Associate of the Corporate Governance Institute. Kathy is a Trustee of the Enhance Academy Trust, which has oversight of a number of primary school academies in West Yorkshire. 
NEW TEAM MEMBERS Since the year end we have appointed two further members of the Yorkshire Water Leadership Team: 
Mark Horrobin joined Yorkshire Water on 14 April 2020 as our Chief Operating Officer. Mark has extensive transformation experience and has previously worked on large scale change for the Post Office, Eurostar and EE. 
Chris Johns joined Yorkshire Water on 1 June 2020 as our Chief Financial Officer. Chris was previously the Finance Director of Northumbrian Water and before that was the Finance Director at Northern Gas Networks. Chris fills the role vacated by Liz Barber when she was appointed as Chief Executive Officer in September 2019.


Appointment and replacement of directors 
The Articles of Association allow the board to appoint a new director at any time; however, the appointment is also subject to approval by investors who hold 60.6% of the share capital of the ultimate parent company, Kelda Holdings Limited. This is consistent with the practice of a listed company where the shareholders would approve an appointment at the next annual general meeting. 
As a private limited company, we do not hold an annual general meeting and therefore· directors are not subject to annual re-election by the shareholders. The Articles of Association state that the company may remove a director by ordinary resolution with special notice before the expiration of their period of office. There have been no directors removed from office during the year. 
Independence 
The board reviews the independence of the independent non-executive directors each year; considering their tenure, relationships and circumstances as well as considering the behaviour of each director at board meetings and whether or not they contribute to unbiased and independent debate. All of the independent nonexecutive directors and the non-executive chairman were independent upon appointment and the board believes that all remain wholly independent in relation to the criteria set out in Provision 10 of the UK Corporate Governance Code. 
Commitments of the non-executive chairman 
Anthony does not currently have any other significant commitments. 

COMPLIANCE The UK Corporate Governance Code 
Yorkshire Water is a private limited company and does not have listed shares. However, up until July 2019 it had been a requirement of our Instrument of Appointment to report our compliance with the UK Corporate Governance Code. Whilst this requirement has now been replaced with a requirement to report our compliance with the new Ofwat Board Leadership, Governance and Transparency Principles, for part of the year the requirement was still in place and therefore for completeness we have reported below our compliance with the UK Corporate Governance Code. 
The board considers that it has complied with all the principles of the UK Corporate Governance Code published in July 2018 throughout the year ended 31 March 2020, with the exception of the following provisions: • Provision 11 - this principle requires that at least half the board, excluding the chairman, should be independent non-executive directors. We have not complied with this provision during the year due to the presence on our board of three investor directors who represent our shareholders and are therefore not independent. We have found having investor directors on our board extremely beneficial so that we can hear shareholder views first-hand and ensure that our shareholders have a full understanding of the opportunities and challenges facing the business. It also enables the business to operate as if it is a separate entity as required by the Ofwat Board Leadership, Governance and Transparency Principles, as noted opposite.

Provision 17 - this provision requires the nomination committee to consist of a majority of independent non-executive directors. This principle is not met for the same reason as Provision 11. There are three investor directors on the nomination committee, which the board believes brings valuable insight from our shareholders to the committee. 
• Provision 18 - this provision relates to the annual re-election of directors by shareholders at the annual general meeting. As a private limited company, we do not hold an annual general meeting and therefore this provision does not apply. 
• Provision 24 - this provision states that the audit committee membership should consist of at least three independent non-executive directors and specifically states that the chairman of the board should not be a member. For the period from 1 April 2019 to 10 June 2019, our audit committee consisted of two independent non-executive directors and two investor directors, with the chairman of the board, Anthony Rabin, acting as the interim chair of the committee due to his recent and relevant financial experience. Andrew Merrick was appointed to the board on 1 June 2019 and took up the role of chair of the audit committee on 11 June 2019, with Anthony Rabin stepping down from the role on that date, therefore our committee membership reverted from 11 June 2019 onwards to three independent non-executive directors and two investor directors. 
• Provision 32 - this provision relates to membership of the remuneration committee and states that membership must consist of at least three independent non-executive directors. For the period from 1 April 2019 to 31 May 2019 the committee only had two independent non-executive directors as members, in addition to the chairman of the board who was independent on appointment. Following the appointment of Andrew Merrick to the board on 1 June 2019, the committee returned to having three independent non-executive directors, two investor directors and the chairman of the board as members. In September 2019 Andrew Merrick stepped down from the Remuneration Committee as part of a reshuffle of Committee membership and was replaced by Andrew Wyllie. 
The UK Corporate Governance Code is available on the website of the Financial Reporting Council at frc.org.uk 
The Ofwat Board Leadership, Governance and Transparency Principles 
In January 2019 Ofwat published the above principles, which contain four key objectives. Since July 2019 we have had an obligation under our Instrument of Appointment to meet these objectives and to explain annually how we are doing this. 
To monitor this during the year, a spreadsheet is maintained and regularly circulated to the board, showing all of the agenda items from the board and committee meetings throughout the year and how these contribute to compliance with these objectives. This enables an 'at-a-glance' view of when and how these objectives are being met and ensures each is being regularly considered throughout the year. 
For example, Ofwat provisions 2.3(ii) and 2.4 (i) include reference to delivery for customers and the customer expertise needed in the boardroom. Delivery for customers was considered by in-depth discussions around customer experience at the board workshop meetings in May 2019 and January 2020, consideration of the impact of a no-deal Brexit on customers in September 2019, an update on the impact of, and the Yorkshire Water response to, flooding in November 2019. This is in addition to detailed consideration of delivering for customers in the 2020/21 Business Plan and AMP7 Business Plan in January 2020 and March 2020 and the consideration of Performance Commitments in relation to customer delivery at each board meeting. The board also had an in-depth review of the company response to Covid-19 in March 2020 and considered as part of this the support that could be given to our customers through this unprecedented time. 
We have set out below each of the four key objectives from the principles and an explanation of what we are doing to ensure we comply with these: 
The regulated company board establishes the company's purpose, strategy and values, and is satisfied that these and its culture reflect the needs of all those it serves. 
Establishing our purpose and values We reported last year that there was much work 
being undertaken in relation to reviewing the purpose of the company. 
This process consisted of multiple working groups, with representation from across our business, from stakeholders and from customers, to seek feedback and consider the purpose, vision and values of the company. Involving a broad range of colleagues, stakeholders and customers in the creation of the purpose and values was seen by the board as crucial in ensuring that these met the needs of those served by the business. 
The board participated as one of the working groups, providing its own feedback and thoughts on the purpose, vision and values. The output from these workshops was collated and then fed back to the working groups, including being reviewed again by the board. A number of board members were also involved outside of the working groups to provide direct guidance and input at various stages in the process. The proposals were then revised further and additional feedback was incorporated until a final version was ultimately presented to the board for review and approval in January 2020. 
Our company purpose sets out what we are here to do and is now defined as: 
To play water's role in making Yorkshire a great place to be - now and always. Further information on our company purpose can be found on page 88. Our vision is: 
Putting people at the heart of everything we do. 
This reflects our awareness that customers, colleagues and stakeholders should be at the heart of all we do and reflects the sense of social purpose that is felt across the business, including at board level



The work also set the values, or behaviours, necessary to ensure that the desired culture is achieved across the business. 
Our desired behaviours are: • We own it; • We're always learning; • We're better together; and • We have heart. Embedding the desired culture 
To start the embedding of these behaviours in the business to seek to achieve the desired culture, a series of 'Big Ambition' events were held across Yorkshire in early March 2020 where Liz Barber, our Chief Executive Officer, and a number of colleagues involved in the work behind the purpose, vision and values, presented the output to colleagues from across the business. Many of our colleagues attended one of these events before the impact of Covid-19 meant the final event was unable to take place. A video of one of the events has been made available for those colleagues who were unable to attend in person. 
Follow-up events then took place in April and May 2020, via video conference, as part of a communications plan to continue to reiterate and embed these behaviours. 
Plans are also in place to update our performance management procedures to embed the desired behaviours further. A cultural benchmarking exercise is also planned to establish the current culture across the business to enable measurement of how this moves closer to the desired culture over time, as well as regular internal audits around culture and how this is measured. The board will also receive updates on the culture across the business through detailed feedback from colleague engagement surveys at regular intervals throughout 2020/21. 
During the year a Colleague Engagement Forum was created, with membership from across the organisation. This is regularly attended by Julia Unwin and Nevil Muncaster from our board, as well as other board members on an ad-hoe basis. The Forum provides another means for the board to understand the culture of the business directly from those experiencing it on a daily basis and allows the board to gauge whether the vision and values are appropriately embedded across the business. Further information on the Forum is on page 110. 
Alignment of purpose and strategy The long term strategy of the business was published in 
August 2018 and this was aligned to the submission of our Price Review plan to Ofwat in the same month. 
Throughout 2019/20 the board has continued to review the strategy of the business to ensure it meet the needs of those served by the business and as part of this has ensured that it reflects the purpose and vision launched during the year. The five Big Goals set out in our long term strategy in 2018 have been updated slightly during the year to align more closely with our new purpose and vision, whilst still meeting the expectations of our customers as set out in our long term strategy. More information on this can be found on page 13. 
A new role, Chief Strategy and Regulation Officer, was created in October 2019 and Nevil Muncaster has moved into this role. 
As part of the strategic remit for his role, Nevil will be leading a team to update the long term strategy in 2020/21 and this is built into the forward agenda of the board to be involved in the process of setting the long term strategic direction and signing-off on the final strategy. 
The regulated company has an effective board with full responsibility for all aspects of the regulated company's business for the long term. 
Ensuring an effective board 
As detailed on page 79, we undertake an annual board evaluation to ensure that our board continues to operate effectively. In 2019 this was conducted externally and the output and the work done in response to this is detailed further on page 92. We have followed this up with an internal evaluation in 2020, led by our company secretary. The results of this and our goals for the coming year are described on page 92. 
We appreciate that the composition of the board is unusual in having investor representatives on the board as well as executives and independent non-executive directors and are keen to ensure that we maintain the right-balance in the boardroom. 
As a result, in addition to the annual board evaluation process, we have engaged with an independent consultant, Mark Goodridge, of Organisation Effectiveness Cambridge LLP, during the year to work with the board to ensure it is operating as effectively as possible. Mark has observed two sets of board and committee meetings and held two workshop sessions to look at how effectively the board is working together and where there may be areas for improvement. This has identified the board as a high-performing board, with plenty of open debate and challenge but with a strong sense of trust and mutual respect amongst board members and a diversity of experience and approach. The board continues to seek to improve, however, and the work with Mark will continue in 2020/21 to ensure that the board continues to operate effectively. 
Handling conflicts of interest Each of our directors is clearly subject to the legal 
obligations in relation to conflicts of interest that are set out in Company Law. Our board members are all experienced directors and all receive regular reminders of their statutory obligations. Our investor directors are very conscious of their obligations as directors and that first and foremost their duty is to act as a director of the company rather than a shareholder representative. We have a standing agenda item at each meeting in relation to conflicts of interest and if any of our directors believed that they were conflicted in any way then this would be declared and appropriate action taken.


Matters reserved to the holding company There are a number of matters reserved to the board 
of Kelda Holdings Limited, the ultimate parent company of Yorkshire Water Services Limited. 
These generally reflect matters that legally require shareholder approval or which must be considered by the directors of Kelda Holdings Limited in order for them to fulfil their statutory obligations as directors of the holding company who sign-off on the consolidated Annual Report and Financial Statements for Kelda Holdings Limited. These may be strategic or material financial matters which may impact upon the going concern basis on which the consolidated accounts are prepared. 
Matters relating to Yorkshire Water are always discussed first and foremost at the board of Yorkshire Water Services Limited. The presence of investor directors on the board of Yorkshire Water Services Limited mean that all stakeholder considerations, including those of the shareholders, are taken into account at the Yorkshire Water level prior to the decision being made. Matters are then escalated to the Kelda Holdings Limited board as required for ratification. In this way our board is able to operate effectively with full responsibility for all aspects of the business of the regulated company to the extent permitted under company law. 
In addition to the matters reserved to the Kelda Holdings Limited board, there are a handful of matters reserved for shareholder approval in the Shareholder Agreement signed in 2010. None of these detract from the ability of the board of Yorkshire Water Services Limited to have full responsibility for the regulated business but instead align to best practice, for example in allowing shareholders to approve or otherwise the payment of dividends proposed by the business and the appointment or removal of directors. 
Ensuring long term focus 
The board makes all decisions with a view to the longer term. As noted above, the long term strategy of the business was published in 2018 and is due to be reviewed and updated as appropriate in 2020/21. This looks 25 years ahead and takes into consideration the long term forecasts for Yorkshire in many areas such as population growth, water consumption and climate change. The five year Business Plan is then aligned to this longer term strategy when it is drawn up and reviewed by the board. Each year the board also considers the long term viability of the business and makes a statement on this. Further information on this can be found on page 68. 
The board's leadership and approach to transparency and governance engenders trust in the regulated company and ensures accountability for their actions. 
Our approach to transparency and governance 
In 2017 we set-up a Social Value Committee with a focus on the social purpose and public accountability of the organisation. We recognise our role as an anchor institution in Yorkshire and that we provide an essential public service, as well as playing a key role in the health, wellbeing and prosperity of the region. 
In addition to this, we recognise our position as a regional monopoly and the imperative for high levels of trust in our organisation. We have taken a number of steps to improve our transparency, which are detailed further on page 22. We also take our governance seriously and seek to comply wherever we possibly can with the various regulatory and statutory requirements, adhering to best practice wherever possible. The disclosures in this Directors' Report set out our approach to governance and our compliance with such requirements. Dividend policy We have a dividend policy which is set out on page 109. This dividend policy explicitly states that distributions will only be made after an appropriate financial resilience analysis has been undertaken. The policy also states that dividends will be adjusted to reflect and recognise company performance and benefit sharing from service and effic°iency performance. as well as the continuing need for the investment of profits in the business and the funding of employee interests. This policy ensures that delivery for customers and colleagues is not just considered, but factored into any amounts that are to be paid out as dividends. As noted above, any amounts paid as dividends require shareholder approval and this requires an additional check from shareholders that amounts are being paid out in accordance with the dividend policy. Details on the dividends paid in the year are on page 109. There were no dividends paid in the year for distribution to the ultimate shareholders. 
Bonus payments 
The measures used in calculating any bonus payments for executive and senior colleagues are set out on page 127 of the Remuneration Report. These include a number of measures relating to delivering for customers and colleagues, including measures around our customer-related performance commitments and colleague engagement, as reflected in our regular colleague engagement surveys. In addition, the key measures in the Long term incentive plan (L TIP) scheme vesting in 2020 were in relation to customer satisfaction and delivering value for money for customers. 
There is therefore a clear correlation between delivering for customers and colleagues and any bonus payments made, which are transparently set out in our Remuneration Report each year. 
Assurance of information 
We seek to assure information through independent means wherever we can and we detail in this report where information has been independently verified and the three-line assurance process that we have in place to assure the information that we provide to make it as trustworthy as possible. 
Boards and their committees are competent, well run, and have sufficient independent membership, ensuring they can make high quality decisions that address diverse customer and stakeholder needs.


As noted on page 88 we undertake a board evaluation process each year to assess the competency of our board. Further information on the process conducted in the year under review is on page 92. 
During the year we have drafted a board skills matrix for internal use which looks at the skills and experience of each of our board members. This has been used by the Nomination Committee to review the balance of skills and experience on the board to ensure that this meets the current requirements of the business and that consideration is also being given to any potential future requirements. This identified that the current board does not have significant experience in relation to technology matters. This has been mitigated through the recruitment of a Chief Information and Technology Officer during the year who, whilst not a board member, provides regular updates to the board on all technology matters and is readily available to all board members to provide insight and expertise on any matters that they wish to raise. 
The diversity of the board is also under continual review by the Nomination Committee. Whilst we have considerable diversity of skills and experience, we do not have the diversity of gender and ethnicity that we would ideally want. This is something that is always taken into account when seeking to recruit to the board and a Board Appointments Policy is in place which ensures a consistent and fair approach to recruitment is always taken. The fundamental obj_ective of recruitment, however, is to ensure that the best candidate for the role is appointed. 
We have provided a report from each of our board committees as part of this Annual Report and Financial Statements, which sets out the work that each committee has done during the year, the purpose of the committee and the areas for which each committee can be held accountable. We have gone beyond the governance requirements of having an audit, remuneration and nomination committee to also have social value and safety, health and environment committees because we recognise the importance of these two areas and the need for the board to focus on these matters to enable highquality decisions to be made, with detailed information available to the board that takes into account the needs of our customers and other stakeholders. 
The Wates Corporate Governance Principles for Large Private Companie_s The above principles were published in December 2018 and are a voluntary code for private companies. These contain six principles relating to purpose and leadership, board composition, director responsibilities, opportunity and risk, remuneration and stakeholder relationships and engagement. The board has reviewed these principles and considers that it complies with all six. Further information on the way the board operates in each of the six areas identified is contained throughout the Strategic Report on pages 12 to 78 and in this Directors' Report. 
LEADERSHIP Our Board composition As at 31 March 2020, the board comprises the following: ■ Independent Non-Executive Chair ■ Independent Non-Executives ■ Investor Directors ■ Executive Directors 
For the period from. 1 April 2019 to 31 May 2019 there were just three independent non-executive directors alongside the chair, until Andrew Merrick was appointed to the board with effect from 1 June 2019. In addition there were three executive directors from 1 April 2019 until 12 September 2019, when Richard Flint, our Chief Executive Officer, retired from the board and was replaced by Liz Barber, previously our Director of Finance, Regulation and Markets. 
On 1 June 2020 we welcomed Chris Johns to the board as Chief Financial Officer and therefore post year end the number of executive directors has returned to three. 
Board committees 
The board has established and delegated specific responsibilities to audit, nomination, remuneration, safety, health and environment and social value committees. Each committee reports back to the board after each meeting to ensure that the whole board is aware of the matters considered by the committees. 
Each committee has its own report which sets out the membership and attendance at the committee meetings during the year, as well as further information on the role of the committee. These reports can be found on the following pages: • Audit on page 104 • Nomination on page 96 • Remuneration on page 112 • Safety, health and environment on page 101; and • Social value on page 98. 
How the board operates 
The board had seven scheduled meetings in the year, with five additional ad-hoe meetings held; three to consider matters in relation to the Price Review, one concerning the appointment of the new Chief Executive Officer and one specifically to hear from Liz Barber, as the new Chief Executive, on her initial thoughts and plans in her new role. 
Attendance at the meetings during the year is shown in the table on page 91. 
Each of the scheduled meetings is preceded the evening before by an informal meeting over dinner, allowing more time to debate issues in depth.


In addition, the board regularly meets during the year for workshops to consider specific matters in greater depth. During the year, six of these workshops were held to consider such topics as the customer experience, reputation, the Price Review, leakage, Living with Water in Hull, IT, people and the business plan. 
The board agenda is set for each meeting by the chair, with input from the executive directors and the company secretary. In addition, any of the independent nonexecutive directors or investor directors can request a· matter to be added to the agenda at any time. At each meeting the board considers health and safety, financial and non-financial business performance, including both past performance and anticipated future performance, feedback from the Colleague Engagement Forum, the strategy of the business and updates on the progress in each of the key strategic areas, which form the basis for discussion and debate around all aspects of strategy. 
There are also regular detailed updates on customer experience, people-related matters and from other specific areas of the business. The board also reviews capital expenditure and procurement approvals in line with our internal escalation policies. 
Monthly reports on operational performance, customer experience, financial performance, people matters, governance, compliance and health and. safety are circulated to the board members regardless of whether or not a board meeting is scheduled. The board seeks to regularly meet both formally and informally with senior management from across the business to gain further insight into the day-to-day operations and the key risks and opportunities facing each part of the business. Members of the Yorkshire Water Leadership Team (YWLT) and other key senior managers are regularly invited to attend the board dinner, board meetings or workshops to provide updates and give the non-executive board members regular direct access to the senior management team. There is a schedule of Matters Reserved for the Board which sets out the specific matters that must be referred to the board for approval. These include matters relating to company structure, dividend policy, material regulatory submissions and external press releases, along with significant operational and strategic matters. The board considers the role of the company secretary to be key in ensuring that the board has the right governance in place and that board processes follow best practice. The company secretary meets with each of the directors individually as necessary to discuss governance-related matters. The directors are also able to obtain independent professional advice at the expense of the company whenever necessary. 

Andrew Merrick joined the board on 1 June 2019. 
Liz Barber did not attend the board meeting to discuss her appointment as Chief Executive Officer. 
Some board members were unable to make all of the additional board meetings as some of these were scheduled at short notice. In these circumstances those absent were provided with the relevant papers in advance and fed back their comments to the chair of the meeting to be included in the meeting discussion. 
Training and development 
The board receives regular updates on governance-related matters and more formal training where appropriate. Potential training needs are discussed as part of individual performance evaluations, plus each director is given the opportunity to flag any additional training requirements as part of the annual board evaluation process. 
New directors joining the company are given a broad and comprehensive induction to the business; consisting of site visits, meetings with key personnel and detailed information relating to the business, as well as any training specifically required in relation to the duties of directors and their role on the board. 
Business model and key performance indicators 
The details of our business model can be found on pages 16 and 17 and our key performance indicators are on pages 18 to 19. 
Reappointment of the external auditors 
Deloitte LLP have advised of their willingness to continue in office and have confirmed their continued independence. Deloitte LLP were appointed as external auditors in 2018, 
following a robust competitive tender process which resulted in a change of auditor. 
Following consideration of the relationship with the external auditors, as described on page 108, the audit committee has recommended to the board that Deloitte LLP are re-appointed and it has been resolved to re-appoint them. They have provided an independent audit opinion on these accounts which can be found on page 137. 


Board evaluation 
Following our externally facilitated Board evaluation in 2018/19, there has been significant work around the areas identified for additional focus. These areas and the progress made during the year are noted below: 
Area for additional focus 
The provision of additional information to the board on certain specific topics 
Progress in 2019/20 
There has been much work in the year on the board agenda and this, along with the regular board work-shops, has been used to provide additional information to the board on certain topics. A number of 'deep dives' have taken place during the year, where the board has heard an in-depth analysis of specific topics with various subject matter experts from across the business providing information directly to the board. 
To develop a comprehensive skills matrix for the board, to assist in future recruitment and to identify any potential current or future skills gaps 
A board skills matrix has been developed in the year which sets out the skills and experience of each of the board members in the key areas of legal and regulatory matters, corporate governance, risk management, leadership and strategy development, finance, our local community, environmental matters, health and safety, the water sector, infrastructure and engineering, technology, customer services and human resources. This was developed for internal use and is used by the nomination committee to identify current or future skills gaps. The current matrix indicates that the area with the least experience at board level is technology. This is currently being mitigated through the recruitment of our Chief Technology and Information Officer during the year, who provides regular updates to the board and attends meetings as and when required. 
To set aside more time for the board to consider the culture of the company, to gain a more de-tailed understanding of the impact of culture on behaviours across the business 
The board has been involved in two working group sessions in the year as part of the development of the new purpose, vision and behaviours for the business; as well as receiving regular updates on the development, the initial launch and the future plans for embedding these behaviours in the business. A significant part of this work involved consideration of the current culture of the business and the desired culture. The behaviours have been set to achieve the desired culture and the board will monitor how this is embedded in the business through regular feedback from our colleague engagement survey and through our Colleague Engagement Forum. 
~he board has also spent time in the year considering the feedback from the Colleague Engagement Forum and the culture that this reflects. The board has also considered its own culture and whether this reflects the desired culture in the business, through its sessions with Mark Goodridge, which are described further on page 88. 
For the 2019/20 year we have undertaken an internal evaluation, consisting of one-to-one meetings between the company secretary and each board member. The output from these meetings was then collated and presented back to the board for discussion. 
The review concluded that the board and its committees was operating effectively and continued to demonstrate 
a strong culture of trust and openness between Board members, a high level of integrity across the Board and a strong commitment to Yorkshire Water and a desire to do the right thing. It was also acknowledged that there was a good level of challenge in Board meetings with respect for differing opinions and the opportunity for all to articulate their views. 
Board members also noted that there had been improvement in the year in more effectively prioritising key agenda items and increasing understanding of a number of areas of the business through site visits and greater direct interaction with colleagues across the business. 
The review also highlighted the following areas for focus in 2020/21: 
• An improvement in the presentation of certain Board papers, to provide greater clarity around the key points for Board consideration amongst the wealth of information currently provided. 
• Specific focus by the Board on a number of topics during the year, in relation to the delivery of the new Business Plan, ongoing strategic development and transformational change. 
• The remit of the Committees to be reviewed to ensure that the Board and the Committees combine in the most optimal way possible to ensure key matters receive 
an appropriate level of focus at Board level, without unnecessary duplication. 
An action plan has been developed and agreed by the board and the progress made will be reported in our Corporate Governance Statement for the year ended 31 March 2021.


In addition to the annual board evaluation, the chairman meets with each board member individually on at least an annual basis to discuss their own performance and to identify any areas for development or potential training needs. The senior independent director also gathers feedback separately on the performance of the chairman and feeds this back to him at least annually. 
Non-executive director meetings 
The independent non-executive directors and investor directors meet with the chairman, without the other directors present, after every board meeting to discuss board matters. 
Powers of the directors 
The business of the company is managed by the directors, who may exercise all of the powers of the company, subject to the provisions of the Articles of Association and relevant statutes. 

All directors have a statutory duty to avoid any situation in which they have, or can have, a direct or indirect interest which conflicts or possibly may conflict with the interests of the company. In accordance with standard practice, the company's Articles of Association contain provisions which permit those directors who are not conflicted to authorise conflict situations. Procedures have been put in place for the disclosure of any potential conflicts by the directors to the board and if appropriate for the authorisation of such conflicts. The procedures permit any authorisation to be subject to any conditions that the directors who are not conflicted consider to be appropriate. All the directors are required to notify the company secretary if they believe a conflict situation might arise and directors are required to consider any conflicts at each board meeting. The directors do not consider that during the financial year any actual conflicts of interest have arisen between the roles of the directors as directors of the company and any other roles which they may hold. 
Anthony Rabin, Liz Barber, Scott Auty, Andrew Dench and Mike Osborne are mindful that they hold directorships on both the board and that of Kelda Holdings Limited and that these operate as distinct legal entities. 
Going concern 
The company's business activities, together with the factors likely to affect its future development, performance and position are described in the Strategic Report. Our long term viability statement can be seen on page 68. Yorkshire Water had available a combination of cash and committed undrawn bank facilities totalling £762.6m at 31 March 2020 (2019: £557.3m), comprising £500.2m undrawn committed bank facilities and £262.4m of cash and cash equivalents. At 30 June 2020, Yorkshire Water had available a combination of cash and committed undrawn bank facilities totalling £702m, comprising £500m undrawn committed bank facilities and f202m of cash and cash equivalents. The directors have considered the business plan and the cash position of the company, specifically the sufficiency of the funds available to fund the operating and capital 
investment activities of the company for the twelve months from the date of signin·g the Financial Statements. In addition, the company has an indefinite licence to operate as a water and sewerage operator terminable with a 25 year notice period. 
Our securitised financing arrangements include covenants with 'trigger' and 'default' thresholds, which are reported bi-annually and are explained further below. A baseline model, established from the company's business plan, shows sufficient liquidity and clear headroom for debt covenants, when considering 'trigger' as well as 'default' thresholds. 
Following Ofwat's Final Determination (FD) for AMP7, the board took a unanimous decision to challenge this with the CMA. T.his was based on analysis which showed that the FD would compromise our core purpose and push the costs of resilience and climate adaptation onto future customers. Whilst this process is ongoing, an·d in the absence at the date of writing of any response from Ofwat, the baseline model used for both going concern and long term viability has been completed on the basis of the FD. We consider this a prudent approach, as it does not include any potential upside on allowed expenditure from the review process. Whilst the CMA challenge could also potentially result in downsides, it is clearly the board's view that the challenge would result in a beneficial outcome. 
In assessing going concern the directors have also taken into account the potential impact of the Covid-19 pandemic and economic impact of the lockdown restrictions. We have developed a model that assesses the potential impact of Covid-19 on forecast profit and loss, balance sheet and cash flow, as well as reviewing impact on available liquidity and key interest cover ratios for 2020/21 and 2021/22. The model included assumptions on revenue (household and non-household), inflation, operating expenditure, working capital, cash flow and capital expenditure. 
Scenarios were initially presented to the board mapping out low, moderate and extreme outcomes for each impacted financial item. These were then combined into one scenario in order to model sensitivity of the assumptions. The modelling was subsequently updated to reflect actual financial results for April and May 2020. 
The model includes risks associated with the following items: • Known additional costs above business plan (eg: Covid-19, CMA challenge, increased insurance premiums, Traffic Management Act). 
• Reduced savings in the original business plan as a result of delays to specific initiatives. 
• Impact of Covid-19 related delays to capital schemes and change initiatives: lower capital payments, reduced capitalisation of costs and outsourced contract costs. 
• Reduced debtor collections. 
• Impact on revenue of increased household and reduced non-household consumption levels during and following lockdown. 
• Changes in assumed inflation impacting 2021/22 revenues. 
• Regulatory, environmental, or other fines plus associated legal costs.


• Interest costs. • Debt service requirements. • Potential inability to raise new debt in 2020/21. 
For this reason, they continue to consider it appropriate to adopt the going concern basis of accounting in preparing the Financial Statements. 
We have also performed a retrospective review of historical forecasting against approved business plans to demonstrate the ability to manage significant disrupting events broadly within plan. 
This modelling has informed both the going concern review and the long term viability assessment (page 68). 
Our best efforts to estimate the impacts in this analysis have been reflected in this modelling and in the detail below, based on information available up to the date of publication. 
The modelling showed that, in all of the scenarios considered, from a liquidity perspective Yorkshire Water would have significant headroom on facilities available to manage its business risks throughout the going concern period, with the minimum modelled headroom being £532m. 
However, in the absence of any mitigating action being taken, the most severe but reasonably possible scenario modelled indicates a breach of the 'trigger' threshold in the interest cover covenant for the year to March 2021, but not the 'default' threshold that would result in the start of a standstill period. Any such breach of the 'trigger' threshold would activate initial creditor protections under the terms of the securitised financing arrangements, which are designed to maintain the company's creditworthiness without disrupting its ability to trade. 
A 'trigger' breach, in this severe but reasonably possible scenario, could be averted by reducing either operating or interest costs (or both). There are a number of identified mitigating actions that could be applied by management in order to achieve this cost reduction and avoid this breach, which are within the control of the company, such as executing cost cutting measures identified as part of transformational reviews, acceleration of operational efficiencies and the review and revision of financing arrangements. 
As disclosed on page 111, the company has substantially progressed one mitigating action and executed an amendment to the confirmed cashflows of seven indexlinked swaps. This amendment rephases future receipts to reduce net interest costs by £10.6m in 2020/21 and, as a contingent measure, allows the ability to choose to rephase further future receipts of the same swaps. 
Once applied to the severe but reasonable modelled outcomes, this amendment coupled with other identified mitigating actions, which the directors believe are feasible, indicate that interest cover ratios would be in excess of covenanted trigger thresholds throughout the going concern review period and beyo.nd. 
As a result of this analysis, the directors believe that despite the high level of uncertainty due to the early stages of the economic impact of the Covid-19 pandemic, the strength of the mitigations available are such that the company is well placed to manage its business risks successfully and have a reasonable expectation that the company has adequate resources to continue in operational existence over a period of at least twelve months from the date of approval of the Financial Statements. 
Directors' statement 
As required by the Code, the directors confirm that they consider the Annual Report and Financial Statements, taken as a whole, to be fair, balanced and understandable and provides the information necessary for shareholders and other stakeholders to assess the company's performance, business model and strategy. When arriving at this position the board was assisted by a number of processes including the following: • The ARFS is drafted by senior management with overall co-ordination by senior members of the Finance team to ensure consistency across the relevant sections. 
• An internal verification process is undertaken to ensure factual accuracy. 
• Comprehensive reviews of drafts of the ARFS are undertaken by the executive directors and senior management: 
• An advanced draft is reviewed by the board. • The final draft is reviewed by the audit committee prior to consideration by the board. The committee advised the board that the ARFS, taken as a whole, is fair, balanced and understandable for shareholder.s and other stakeholders to assess the company's performance, business model an.d strategy. Each director in office at the date of this report confirms that, to the best of their knowledge: 
• The financial statements give a true and fair view of the assets, liabilities, financial position and loss of the company; and 
• The strategic report includes a fair review of the development and performance of the business and the position of the company, together with a description of the principal risks and uncertainties that it faces. 
The directors have voluntarily complied with the disclosure and transparency rules ("DTR"), to the extent that these can be reasonably applied to the company. The company is required, under its licence, to publish information about its results as if it were a company with a premium listing on the London Stock Exchange. 
Disclosure of information to auditors 
Each director in office at the date of this report confirms that:· 
• So far as the director is aware, there is no relevant audit information of which the company's auditors are unaware; and 
• Each director has taken all the steps he or she ought to have taken as a director in order to make him or herself aware of any relevant audit information, and to establish that the company's auditors are aware of that information.


Statement of directors' responsibilities The directors are responsible for preparing the Annual Report and the Financial Statements in accordance with applicable law and regulations. 
Company law requires the directors to prepare financial statements for each financial year. Under that law the directors have prepared the Financial Statements in accordance with United Kingdom Generally Accepted Accounting Practice (United Kingdom Accounting Standards, comprising Financial Reporting Standard 102 "The Financial Reporting Standard Applicable in the UK and Republic of Ireland" (FRS 102), and applicable law). Under company law the directors must not approve the Financial Statements unless they are satisfied that they give a true and fair view of the state of affairs of the company and of the profit or loss of the company for that period. In preparing these financial statements, the directors are required to: • Select suitable accounting policies and then apply them consistently. 
• State whether applicable UK Accounting Standards, comprising FRS 102, have been followed, subject to any material departures disclosed and explained in the Financial Statements. 
• Make judgements and accounting estimates that are reasonable and prudent. 
• Prepare the financial statements on the going concern basis unless it is inappropriate to presume that the company will continue in business. 
The directors are responsible for keeping adequate accounting records that are sufficient to show and explain the company's transactions and disclose with reasonable accuracy at any time the financial position of the company and enable them to ensure that the Financial Statements comply with the Companies Act 2006. The directors are also responsible for safeguarding the assets of the company and hence for taking reasonable steps for the prevention and detection of fraud and other irregularities. The directors are responsible for the maintenance and integrity of the ultimate parent company's website. Legislation in the United Kingdom governing the preparation and dissemination of financial statements may differ from legislation in other jurisdictions. 
Relations with shareholders 
As a private limited company, we have three shareholder representatives appointed as non-executive directors to our board. Our fourth shareholder also has an appointed representative who attends our board meetings as an observer. This means that we have regular interaction with representatives from each of our shareholders and are able to present detailed information to them, to enhance their understanding of our business and the communities which we serve. This also means that we are able to understand in detail the views of our shareholders which has been extremely useful in building a strong relationship and understanding since the appointment of our investor directors in September 2017. 
Amendments to the company's Articles of Association 
Any amendments to the company's Articles of Association may be made by passing a special resolution of the shareholders. 
Our risk management framework 
Our risk management framework, which sets out our approach to identifying and managing our risks, is detailed in our Strategic Report on page 56. 
Risk management responsibilities The board The board has overall responsibility for setting the risk 
appetite for the business and for ensuring that the overall risk profile is aligned with this. It is also responsible for ensuring that the business maintains sound internal control and risk management systems, as well as reviewing the effectiveness of those systems. In order to do this, the board has regular meetings with senior management and, via the audit committee, receives regular reports from the internal auditors and the external auditors on the effectiveness of the systems of internal control and risk management. The board is satisfied that the systems are embedded within the day-to-day activities of the business and cover all material controls, including financial, operational and compliance controls, and that the business continues to be compliant with the provisions of the UK Corporate Governance Code relating to internal control. 
The leadership team The YWL T, via its risk committee, is responsible for reviewing the risks that have been recorded, to ensure completeness and accuracy, as well as assessing the suitability of the mitigations in place and any proposed timescales for further controls to be implemented. Audit committee The responsibilities of the audit committee in relation to risk management are set out in the audit committee report on pages 104 to 108. Financial risk management We produce an annual business plan which is reviewed by senior management and ultimately approved by the board. A five year business plan, based on the Final Determination received from Ofwat, is also in place which enables the business to have a clear longer term view of financial projections on a five yearly cycle. We also prepare monthly performance reports against budget, which are monitored by each business area and reported at YWL T and board meetings. Further information about the financial risk management policies in place and, in particular, the way in which credit risk, liquidity risk, interest rate risk and foreign currency risk are managed, is in note 18 to the Financial Statements. 
Greenhouse gas emissions Information on our greenhouse gas emissions for the year to 31 March 2020 is contained in our Strategic Report on pages 36 to 37.
