Governance 
As a large private company, the Company is captured by The Wates Corporate Governance Principles ("Wates") by virtue of the size of its balance sheet. During the year the Company and Directors have complied with the principals set out in Wates as set out below: 
1. Purpose and Leadership The purpose of the Company is to provide long term insurance policies to corporate and retail customers in the United Kingdom. The Company is authorised and regulated by the Financial Conduct Authority (FCA) and the Prudential Regulation Authority (PRA) and has obtained the necessary regulatory permissions to undertake its activities. The Board derives its collective authority by direct delegation from its shareholder. The Board must ensure the company's prosperity by collectively directing the Company's affairs whilst meeting the appropriate interests of its shareholder and relevant stakeholders. In addition, the Board must ensure good customer outcomes whilst enhancing the company's long-term value to its shareholder through the sustainable and compliant delivery of financial performance targets and the fair treatment of its customers within a framework of prudent and effective controls. 
2. Board Composition As at 31 December 2019, the Board consisted of four Independent Non-Executive Directors ("INED") and three Executive Directors ("ED") which met composition requirements set by the Group and guidance issued by the PRA. This composition provides effective independent challenge to Executive Management within the Company and enables effective decision making. When appointing members to the Board, consideration is given to the director's competency, capacity, experience, gender and diversity of thought in accordance with the expectations of the Board's Diversity Policy. The Board has delegated certain responsibilities to the following committees: Audit Committee, Investment Committee, Nomination and Remuneration Committee and Risk Committee. The Board maintains oversight of the operation of these committees and sets a Terms of Reference for each which is reviewed and updated annually. The Chair of the Company, Ian Stuart, will retire in May 2020 and will be replaced by Jane Platt CBE, who was appointed to the Board in October 2019. The roles of Chair and CEO are separate, with an INED appointed as Chair of the Board and all Committees. The governance of the Company stipulates that the Chair will be an INED and this prevents the role of the Chair and the CEO being held by one person. 
3. Director Responsibilities Members of the Board understand their accountability and responsibilities. The Company's Articles of Association, Board Charter and Terms of Reference of each Board Committee set out their individual and collective responsibilities under statute, regulation and internal governance. The Company has been subject to the Senior Managers & Certification Regime ("SMCR ") since December 2018 and the Board has approved its Management Responsibility Map which sets out the responsibilities of the Board as a whole and also contains Statements of Responsibilities for all individuals with Senior Manager Function responsibility for the Company, including INEDs and EDs. As a Sil firm, the Company maintains a Sil Policy inventory which includes policies for, but not limited to; Risk Management; Capital Management; Internal Controls; Outsourcing and Business Continuity. Board and Committee papers are reviewed by the CEO prior to circulation ahead of meetings to ensure that information is accurate, clear and comprehensive. All Papers specify the purpose of the paper and contain an executive summary. 
All members of the Board are asked by the Chair to individually confirm their approval or otherwise to proposals but will defer decisions if further information is required. One such deferral was in respect of an interim dividend proposal where further enquiries were made by the Board and the decision was deferred until all enquiries had completed.


4. Opportunity and Risk The Company's Risk Committee considers risk appetite every quarter to ensure that the Company's activities remain within its approved appetite. In addition, the Risk Committee will consider, on an annual basis, whether the risk appetite remains appropriate for the future strategy of the Company. As a Sil firm, the Company maintains an Own Risk & Solvency Assessment ("ORSA") which is reviewed on a quarterly basis and approved on an annual basis. The Company's three-year business plan and strategy is aligned to its ORSA which helps inform the Board that the longer term business is being considered. As part of the Audit Committee responsibilities, internal controls from a financial and a risk perspective are considered and where any failings have been identified, appropriate mitigants are put in place. However, if any failings are of a significant level, the matter will be escalated to the Board for guidance and/or oversight. Regular meetings between the respective Chairs and senior management take place during the meeting cycle to ensure that the appropriate level of information is maintained. The respective Chairs discuss the quarterly agendas with Senior management and the Company Secretary to ensure that, where necessary, matters other than standing quarterly and annual items are discussed at meetings. 
5. Remuneration The Company has a Nomination and Remuneration Committee and as part of its remit, the Committee will consider proposed remuneration packages for new senior manager appointments. At least on an annual basis, the remuneration of senior managers with responsibility for the Company is reviewed. The Committee will maintain oversight of adherence to the Zurich Remuneration Rules and oversight of adherence to the guidelines in Sup~rvisory Statement 10/16 "Solvency II: Remuneration Requirements". The Company has adopted its own Remuneration Policy Addendum which is considered and approved on an annual basis. The UK Head of HR is a standing invitee to Nomination & Remuneration Committee meetings and presents separate reports, containing performance and remuneration data, during the year which will confirm alignment with the appropriate Group policy. 
6. Stakeholder Relationships and Engagement The UK Corporate Affairs team are responsible for Diversity & Inclusion and Social Media and provide a weekly update on stakeholder engagement across the UK together with details on governmental consultation and inquiries. Further information on this is provided under Impact of operations on the community and the environment in the Strategic Report (page 8). 
The Company's pension policyholders are represented through the Zurich Independent Governance Committee to ensure that their interests are being considered individually and collectively. Papers submitted to the Board and/or Committees indicate that, where appropriate, customer interests have been considered and what action has been taken. 
The Company has an extensive list of stakeholders and further information on the details and oversight responsibility can be found under Stakeholder Relationships and Engagement and Business conduct in the Strategic Report.
