
Governance 
As an employing entity, the Company is captured by The Wates Corporate Governance Principles ("Wates") by virtue of the number of employees. During the year the Company and directors have complied with the principles set out in Wates as set out below: 
1. Purpose and leadership The purpose of the Company is the provision of human resources to other companies within the ZIG Group, predominately those based in the UK. The Company has various arrangements in place with third party outsourcers to support other ZIG Group companies. The Board derives its collective authority by direct delegation from its shareholder. The Board must ensure the Company's prosperity by collectively directing the Company's affairs whilst meeting the appropriate interests of its shareholder and relevant stakeholders. 
In addition, the Board must ensure good customer outcomes whilst enhancing the Company's long-term value to its shareholder through the sustainable and compliant delivery of financial performance targets and the fair treatment of its customers within a framework of prudent and effective controls. 
2. Board composition As at 31 December 2019, the Board consisted of three executive directors which met composition requirements set by the Group. This composition provides active debate of issues and enables effective decision making. When appointing members to the Board, consideration is given to the director's competency, capacity, experience, gender and diversity of thought in accordance with the expectations of Diversity & Inclusion policies. To allow for adequate discussion, the individuals occupying the roles of UK Head of HR and UK Chief Operating Officer, will be nominated for appointment to the Board as executive directors. 
3. Director responsibilities Members of the Board understand their accountability and responsibilities. The Company's Articles of Association set out their individual and collective responsibilities under statute and internal governance. Board papers are reviewed by the Chair prior to circulation ahead of meetings to ensure that information is accurate, clear and comprehensive. All papers specify the purpose of the paper and contain an executive summary. 
All members of the Board are asked by the Chair to individually confirm their approval or otherwise to ~proposals but will defer decision if further information is required.



4. Opportunity and risk The Board considers risk appetite every quarter to ensure that the Company's activities remain within its approved appetite. The Board considers a Total Risk Profile every quarter which outlines the risks and mitigating actions being taken to address them. The Board also has the opportunity to assess the performance of external suppliers and intra-group arrangements. The framework provides an effective platform to enable the Board to evaluate any risks in order to make informed and robust decisions. 
5. Remuneration The Board maintains oversight of adherence to the Zurich Remuneration Rules and the appropriate Group policy. The remuneration of the Company's directors for services to other ZIG group companies is paid by another ZIG group company (see note 7). 
6. Stakeholder relationship and engagement The UK Corporate Affairs team are responsible for Diversity & Inclusion and Social Media and provide a weekly update on stakeholder engagements across the UK together with details on governmental consultation and inquiries. Further information on this is provided under Impact of operations on the community and environment in the Strategic Report (see page 4). 
The Company has various stakeholders and further information on the details and oversight responsibility can be found under Stakeholder relationship and engagement and Business conduct in the Strategic Report (see pages 3 and 4).


