    Statement of corporategovernancearrangements From 1 February 2021 until 9 March 2021, the AA was a premium listed company, with its shares listed on the London Stock Exchange. During that period, the AA was subject to the requirements of the UK Corporate Governance Code 2018 (the Code) and it complied with the requirements of the Code. Following its delisting from the London Stock Exchange on 10 March 2021, and subsequent conversion from a public to a private limited company, the AA is subject to the requirements for Large Private Companies under the Companies (Miscellaneous Reporting) Regulations 2018 and must include a statement of its corporate governance arrangements in its Annual Report and Accounts. The AA has chosen to adopt the Wates Corporate Governance Principles for Large Private Companies (the Wates Principles). This report explains how the Directors have applied each of the Wates Principles to the AA's operations and the corporate governance arrangements in place at the AA. The AA was fully compliant with the Wates Principles for the year ending 31 January 2022. We have set out below how we applied the six principles of the Wates Principles during FY22. The Wates Principles Application during FY22 1. PURPOSEAND LEADERSHIP An effective board develops'·' and promotes the purpose of the compan_v.and ensures its values. strategy and culture aUgn with tf1atpurpq$e The Topco Board is collectively responsible for the long-term sustainable success of the Company and builds successful relationships with a range of stakeholders through both formal and informal engagement Following the acquisition of the/\/\, the new private equity owners have ei<presscd a commitment to developing and promoting the Company's purpose and maintaining and embedding a culture that aligns to the Company's purpose The Company's strategic objectives, vision and values are communicated to colleagues through various channels, including direct video blogs from the CEO The Topco Board is dedicated to promoting the success of the business as a whole through development of effective strategy, which generates long-term sustainable success for the AA's shareholders and stakeholders 2. BOARDCOMPOSITION There is a clear division of responsibilities between the Chair of the Topco Board and the Chief Executive Officer of the Company as recommended by the W.:itcs Principles Effective board composition requires an effec:tive chair anrl a balance of skills. backgrounds. experience, and knowledge The AA \/alucs balc1nccand diversity, and each Director and.member of senior management has a high level of underctanding and knowledge relevant to the AA's business needs The Topco Board considers boc1rddiversity, and it has recently recruited an additional Non-Executive Director (Kory Sorenson). She will chair the Topco Audit and Risk Committee There are clear arrangements for the delegation of authority from the Topco Board to , a Topco Audit c1ndRisk Committee and Remuneration and ~~omination Committee, and the Board are satisfied that this delegation is appropriate for the size and complexity of the AA The AA also recognises the benefits of regular board evaluations and intends to carry out future board effectiveness evaluations to ensure that there is an appropriate balance of skills, experience, and knowledge, and to ensure that refreshment and succession plans are appropriate 3. DIRECTORRESPONSIBILITIES Each Director has a cleJr understanding of their gcner.:il duties .:ind .:iccount.:ibilitics Theboardand individual directorsshouldhavea clearunderstandingof theiraccountability and responsibilities The Directors understand their duty to disclose a conflict of interest as and when it may arise. Declared conflicts of interest are regularly reviewed and monitored The Topco Board maintains clear lines of accountability and any delegated areas arc specified in terms of reference and the effectiveness of these delegations is monitored The Company Secretary and the Chair periodically review the appropriateness and strength of governance process .:ind they consider if cnhuncements could be made Board meetings, p.:ipers and supporting items arc provided in a timely and .:iccurate manner from the relevant experts within the business, allowing for clear and informed decision-making at management level    . OPPORTUNITY AND RISK A board should promote the long-term sustainable success of t/Je comoan_v.by icJentitying oooortunities to create.and preserve value and establishing oversight for the identification and mit1gat1onot risks Application during FY22 ! The Topco Board has ov~rall respohsibility forthe AA's risk app(Hite and risk munugcmont framework, however, the AA's risk management is delegated to the Topeo Audit and Risi<Committee which, cupportcd by the Chief Risk Officer, h;:is oversight of ths risk V\lithin the AA The AA operates a 'three lines ofdefenci model. The model distinguishes between functions that have prime responsibility for identifying. owning and managing risks (first line), oversi('Jht and control functions (second line) and functions providing independent assurance (third line). All three lines of defence have specific tasks in tho internal control governance framework ! ; ' ' ! To support this model, the AA has risk policies, defined risk appetites for key risks, ' risk oversight committees. and clearly documented accountabilities and responsibilities j from the business. throuqh to the manaqement i---There is an intP.rn::ilr.ontrol framework with appropriate risk managemimt systems in place, which helps to idenliry emerging and c:;labli:;hed risks by the Group and it(; (;t.JkCholders The AA's Risk Management rramework rolicy requires all areas of the business lo mtilntnin ti ri:;.krtl'.'li:lter, which mu'.it be reviewed ot o minimum, on o quarterly bo::;is Read morQ about risk management on pages 32-35 ! . 5. RCMUNERATION A board should promote executl\fe remuneration structures alii;med to the lonq-term sustainable success of;i cnmni1ny j Matters of remuneration policies and procedures ore delegated to the Topco Remuneration and Nomin.:ition Committee which meets twice o year and odditionolly wnen reouireo ThP.Cornrany h;;isaprmpriate and fair levels of remuneration in rl;:ir.p tn secure and retain high-uuJlily uirccton;, wrlior rn;:inagomonl ;:ind widor ompluvco,; Jl Lim/\/\ RPm1mpr;:itionis aligned to the AA grour'::i ::.trntr.gy And is de::.igned to promote the lony-ler 111sustainable success of the business Remuneration structures and practices take account of the AA's wider business opcratin!=Jenvironment and wider workforce pay and conditions The AA reports on the qender Pav 'lap on its corporate website ; ; ' G. STAKEHOLDER RELATIONSHIPS AND ENGAGEMENT Directors shouldtoster effective stakeholder relationships aligned to the company's purpose The AA recognises the importance:: of stakcholde1· eng11gcment 11ndhas 11strong focus on quality internal and ext~rnzil communiczition. The AA's key stakeholders ore continuously monitored, to ensure that due consideration is given to the relevant stakeholders in the context of principal decisions The AA is responsible for ensuring its business activities sustainably benefit the wider stakeholder system including consideration of social, economic and environmental impacts As a large private company, the AA recognises that stakeholder engagement is critical and aligning everyone around a common objective and delivering the objective successfully is of key irnrort;:mce. The AA ensures people ::it ;:ill 1.-:-vclc. understand the direction of the business, and role they play in the business The AA regularly engages with its key stakeholders, through both formal and informal channel!. including but not limited to employee eng.:igement wrvcys, internal communications and live streams from senior management, campaiqns for smart. motorways, active involvement in governmental and regulatory torums and participation in industry groups including SURVIVE Group for Roadside Safety and the Society of Motor Manuf.:icturers and Tr.:idcrs Read more about our stakeholder engagement on pages 44 and 45
