    Corporate Governance    For the year ended 31 March 2022, under The Companies (Miscellaneous Reporting) Regulations 2018, the Company has adopted the Wates principles for large private companies as an appropriate framework when making disclosure about its ~orporate governance arrangements. Each of the six Wates Principles has been considered individually within the context of the Company's operations. A supporting statement is set out below as to how the Opportunity & Risk and Executive Remuneration principles have been applied. The principles of Purpose & Leadership, Board Composition, Directors Responsibilities and Stakeholder Relationships & Engagement are set out within the Section 172 statements within the Strategic Report. Opportunity & Risk A Board should promote the long-term sustainable success of the Company by identifying opporlunilies lo create and preserve value, and establishing oversight for the identification and mitigation of risks. The Company operates within a Franchise Agreement with the Department for Transport and, as at 31 March 2022, an ERtvIA. The Company's acts to comply with the obligations of these agreements and act as a Good and Efficient Operator. A risk register is updated regularly, quantifying the biggest internal and external risk factors facing the Company. This register is approved by the Executive Committee of the Company and the Board. Each risk is assigned an owner and mitigating actions are taken to either manage the risk or eradicate it entirely, where possible.    Executive Remuneration A Board should promote executive remuneration structures aligned to the long-term sustainable success of the Company, taking into account pay and conditions elsewhere in the Company. The Group remuneration committee considers the pay and incentive structures for senior management across the Group, including the executive directors of the Company. The remuneration of the executive directors of the Company is established through a process which takes into account the same factors as the Group executives. These include: • Alignment of pay with the purpose, values and strategy of the business; and • The relationship between the directors' pay and that of the wider workforce. The Board is committed to creating an environment at all levels in the Company which enables· people to perform and develop their abilities and potential. The Board strives to ensure that Company has a diverse workplace which does not attach specific importance to age, community background or country of origin, disability, gender, nationality, political opinion, religious belief, or sexuality - that ensures that we are able to attract talented employees who will contribute to the success of the Company.
