  Corporate Governance Statement The group recognises the importance of robust governance in meeting its strategic objectives and delivering shareholder value. The group has voluntarily adopted the Wates Corporate Governance Principles for Large Private Companies ('Wates Principles') as its corporate governance code. Details of how the group has applied the Wates Principles throughout the year and the group's governance framework, which follows best practice and is considered suitable for its ownership, size, structure and complexity of operations, are explained below. Management and oversight of the ABPJ group, including principal and strategic decisions which affect the group, are undertaken by the Board of Associated British Ports Holdings Limited ("ABPH"), an indirect subsidiary of ABPJ and the parent company of the operating group, which includes Associated British Ports, the group's principal operating subsidiary. Further information on the principal and strategic decisions taken in 2021 can be found within the Annual Report and Accounts of ABPH. In this Corporate Governance Statement, references to the Board are to the Board of ABPH, unless otherwise stated.  The group's governance practices and rules are set out in a number of key documents, including: a Shareholders' Agreement between the group and its shareholders (as set out in note 30) which details certain reserved matters; Board Committees' terms of reference; the group risk management framework; and various group policies which inform the business on how to conduct its activities in line with our risk appetite and values. 6.1 Principle One - Purpose and Leadership The group's ports are an integral part of supply chains within multiple sectors of the UK economy and our purpose is to support our customers in "Keeping Britain Trading". We seek to accomplish this by being recognised as the best port operator in the UK. Our purpose is aligned with, and built upon a foundation of, five core values: Health & Safety; Openness & Honesty; Teamwork & Respect; Making a Difference; and Exceeding Expectations. The group is committed to a pro-active safety culture, ensuring a safe working environment and looking after the welfare of all our employees and port users. Safety culture is monitored through KPis and also our 'Spot-It!' feedback system, which is designed to capture any safety, marine or environmental incident, near miss or observations that could cause injury or impact the environment, and to share best practice throughout the organisation. Other methods used by the group to monitor culture include: feedback at regular regional staff briefings undertaken by the Group Chief Executive Officer ("CEO") and other ABP Board members; employee engagement surveys; reviewing whistleblowing disclosures; and trade union engagement. 6.2 Principle Two - Board Composition The Board of ABPH (which mirrors the Board of the company) comprises an independent Chairman, the CEO, the Chief Financial Officer ("CFO"), and ten Non-Executive Directors ("NEDs"), who are nominated by the group's shareholders. The appointment of the Chairman, the CEO and the CFO are made by the Board on the recommendation of the group Remuneration and Nomination Committee ("Rem Co"). A list of directors and their alternates can be found on pages 17 and 18. The Board benefits from directors with a broad range of skills, backgrounds and knowledge, who have held roles in a number of different sectors and industries. Biographies of the Directors, which detail their backgrounds and experience, can be found on the group's website at www.abports.co.uk. The group recognises the benefits of diversity on the Board and throughout the organisation and has continued to support efforts to increase diversity across the Maritime Industry, remaining a signatory of the Women in Maritime Taskforce Charter and in January 2021 joined Maritime UK's Diversity in Maritime programme. There is a clear division between the roles of the Chairman and CEO. The Chairman is responsible for overseeing the working of the Board and for setting the Board's agenda. The CEO has responsibility for strategy implementation, putting into effect decisions and policies made by the Board and for the day to day management of the group.  6.2 Principle Two - Board Composition (continued) On appointment, directors receive a thorough tailored induction programme which includes port visits, meetings with members of senior management, and meetings with the group's auditors. In addition, directors receive training on their duties and other key legislation/regulation, as required. Board meetings have historically been held at different ports at least twice a year, so directors have the opportunity to tour locations and meet local staff. Customer visits and meetings are also organised from time to time to enable the Board to engage with this key stakeholder group. 6.3 Principle Three - Director Responsibilities The Board is responsible for the governance framework within which the group operates. It sets the strategy and direction of the group, reviews performance, ensures that appropriate controls and standards are applied and that the group has adequate funding. Each director has a clear understanding of their accountability and responsibilities. The Board formally meets five times a year, with ad hoc meetings held as necessary, to ensure matters are considered and progressed in a timely manner. To enable the Board to discharge its duties effectively, directors receive appropriate and timely information on the group's business and financial performance. The group's finance function is staffed by appropriately qualified individuals who ensure the integrity of financial information provided to the Board. The group is externally audited by Ernst & Young LLP, with internal audit services provided by appropriate specialists to assess financial and other internal controls and health and safety processes. Procedures are in place to deal with any director conflicts of interest. Where actual or potential conflicts are identified appropriate safeguards are put in place, which may include excluding directors from discussion and papers in respect of certain matters. The Board has a schedule of matters reserved for its consideration and certain matters require the approval of the group's shareholders. The Company Secretary maintains an annual calendar to ensure that matters, including strategy, business planning, operational deep dives, treasury, risk and governance are considered by the Board at appropriate times in the business cycle. Papers for Board meetings are circulated in advance to ensure sufficient time for directors' review and consideration. During Q4 2021, an external Board evaluation exercise was undertaken using questionnaires and interviews to obtain directors' feedback on how the Board was operating. Whilst it was felt that the Board was working effectively, a small number of recommendations were suggested to further improve the Board's effectiveness which have been considered by the Board and an action plan has been put in place. Board Committees The Board has delegated certain matters to the Audit and Risk Committee ("ARC") and RemCo, which consider specific items and recommend matters to the Board for approval. Both committees have their own terms of reference and their membership is comprised entirely ofNEDs who are able to provide appropriate challenge and are independent of management. A review of the committees' terms of reference and effectiveness is undertaken annually.  6.4 Principle Four - Opportunity and Risk The Board is committed to the long-term sustainable growth of the group and to seeking opportunities whilst ensuring effective oversight and mitigation of risk. Longer term and strategic initiatives to create value are identified through the strategic review, annual five-year planning exercises and the Port Master Planning process. This also enables the business to determine the level of long-term infrastructure investment that may be required to secure and achieve growth. Other opportunities may be identified by the Executive Team during quarterly business reviews and day to day activities. The Board recognises the importance of effective risk management to preserve value. The group's risk appetite is set by the Board and, together with the risk management policy, is reviewed at least annually. Processes are in place within the group to ensure that inherent and emerging risks are identified in a timely manner and are then appropriately managed. The group maintains risk registers covering key operational and strategic risks and regular reports are provided to the ARC, as part of their oversight of risk management and controls. Proposals for Board approval, including for material capital expenditure, are always required to detail risk considerations and mitigation. Further information on the company's principal and financial risks can be found in the Strategic Report on pages 8 to 11. 6.5 Principle Five - Remuneration The group is committed to executive remuneration structures which are aligned to our culture and values and promote the long-term sustainable success of the business and the interests of the group's shareholders. The group's policy is to provide appropriate and fair levels of remuneration and incentives at a level which attracts and retains high-quality directors, senior management and staff. The remuneration of the Chairman, CEO and CFO is determined by the Board, on the recommendation of the Rem Co. In line with its terms ofreference, the Rem Co seeks to provide responsible incentives that encourage enhanced performance and reward individual contributions to the long-term strategic goals of the group. When considering the remuneration of the Chairman, CEO and CFO, and annual salary increases, the RemCo takes into account the pay and conditions across the group. No director is present during discussion of their own remuneration. The group annually approves and publishes the ABP Gender Pay Gap Report, which details the progress made to reduce the pay gap between men and women. 6.6 Principle Six - Stakeholder Relationships and Engagement The group recognises the impact its decisions can have on its internal and external stakeholders and understands the importance of engagement with stakeholders to achieving its long-term strategy. Further information on the group's stakeholders and engagement methods can be found in the Strategic Report on pages 12 to 15.  
