    Corporate governance The Wates Corporate Governance Principles for Large Companies ('the Principles') launched in December 2018, were developed by a coalition group of industry and professional bodies, supported by the Financial Reporting Council. The Principles provide an example framework which large private companies in the UK can follow in order to demonstrate how they have applied good corporate governance in running their businesses. The Principles fall under the requirements of the Companies Miscellaneous Reporting Regulations 2018. The Company applied the Principles during its year ended I October 2021, demonstrating its compliance with the 6 broad principles as follows: I. Purpose and leadership The Company employs an experienced, effective Board whose goal is to promote the purpose of AECOM and ensure that Company values, strategy and culture align with that purpose. The Board achieve this through open and transparent dialogue. with employees and other stakeholders, through newsletters, town halls, employees surveys and other corporate commw1ications, by ensuring I 00% compliance with the AECOM code of conduct, as well as through acting with integrity, leading by example, and setting the tone at the top. 2. Board compositio11 The Board comprises 5 appropriately qualified and knowledgeable individuals. The Board recognises the need to rebalance and increase its gender diversity, and it is actively pursuing opportunities internally to do this. There were changes within the Board subsequent to year end, with the resignation of two directors. The Chair leads the Board, and is responsible for its overall effectiveness, including the promotion of effective decision. making and the appropriate level of objective thought and challenge. Through regular Board meetings and appropriate delegation to Board committees and the Leadership Team, the Boclfd duties are effectively performed. 3. Director respo11sibiliiies The Board has a clear understanding of its accountability, its duty, and its responsibilities, and it embeds this understanding throughout the workforce via the means and channels discussed in the Purpose and Leadership section above. There are clearly defined policies and practices in place which help govern the internal affairs of the Company, none more evident that the AECOM code of conduct, which describes the professional, legal, ethical, financial and social responsibilities of directors, as well as the SOX compliant internal control environment embedded throughout the organisation. Governance of the Company is under periodic review to ensure that its policies and processes remain fit for purpose.    4. Opportunity and risk The Board has responsibility for the Company's overall approach to strategic decision making and effective management of the Company's risks. The Board seeks to promote the long-term success of the Company by identifying opportunities and by establishing oversight for identifying and mitigating risks. Risk is managed through a risk matrix that requires approval of certain activities by the Risk Committee, a sub-committee comprising members from the Board and leadership team. The same matrix sets out approvals required where the risk or impact of risk is considered to be lower. 5. Remuneration The Board promotes executive remuneration that is aligned to the long-term success of the Company, ensuring that appropriate and competitive levels of remuneration are set to help secure and retain high- quality employees across the business. Remuneration for employees is reviewed annually and signed off by the Leadership Team and the Board. Through the Company's annual salary review program and variable compensation scheme, remuneration for directors, senior management and the workforce (both male and female) is aligned with the Company's performance, individual's performance, behaviours and through achieving the Company's purpose and strategy. 6. Stakeholder relationships and engagement The Board seeks to foster effective stakeholder relationships aligned to the Company's purpose. Such stakeholder engagement and management is disclosed in more detail in the strategic report on page 4.
