    Corporate Governance Compliance with the Wates Principles For the year ended 31 December 2021, the Company bas applied the Wates Corporate Governance Principles for Large Private Companies (published by the Financial Reporting Council ('FRC') in December 2018 and available on the FRC website). Principle 1. Purpose and Leadership As a member of the global Holcim group, we have developed a strategy that plays to our unique strengths as a company, with the aim to drive profitable growth and simplify the business in order to deliver resilient returns and attractive value to stakeholders. Our goal is to assure the long-term sustainable value and success of the Company in the interests of various stakeholder groups including customers, shareholders, employees, creditors, suppliers, and the communities where we operate. Our leadership recognises that a key factor in our success is keeping our people safe. We believe that "if we're good in safety, then we're good in business". This is why we recognise health and safety as a critical success factor for our operational performance and not a separate activity. We see health and safety as a core competency at all levels of our organisation, from site operators to top managers; it is also a key component of successful personal performance. Central to our strategy is the idea that the construction sector plays an important role in building a more sustainable future. We believe in building a world that works for people and the planet. A world that keeps people safe, connected and thriving. With our customers and partners we are advancing society and uplifting communities. But today we want to play an even bigger role. That's why we are reinventing how the world builds on our way to becoming a net zero company. We understand that acting with integrity creates trust, protects our reputation, lowers our cost of doing business, and enhances shareholder value. Through our updated Code of Business Conduct, we ensure that all Directors, officers and employees share our commitment to conducting business with integrity, and provide guidance on bow to put this commitment into practice. The Code of Business Conduct also helps to ensure that we are adhering to applicable laws and regulations. Of equal importance to us is how suppliers we work with conduct their business in the marketplace. We strive to ensure all suppliers behave in accordance with principles set forth in our refreshed Supplier Code of Conduct, particularly when it comes to human rights, labour related issues, the environment and anti-bribery and corruption. Our approach to corporate governance seeks to ensure transparent and sustainable value creation by clearly delineating responsibilities, management processes and organisation. We actively encourage a culture in which all stakeholders can speak out and raise concerns about our conduct without threat of sanction and, through our independent 'Integrity Line', provide an independent mechanism to achieve this. We apply high standards to corporate governance, with the goal of ensuring the Company's long-term value and success for all stakeholder groups. Principle 2. Board Composition The Company's board of Directors comprises three statutory Directors, including the Chief Executive Officer, the Chief Financial Officer and General Counsel. The Directors have considerable experience in the construction materials sector across operational and professional subject matters. The Board delegates the day to day management of the Company to the Executive Committee under a clear set of authorities. The composition of the Executive Committee is commensurate with the size and complexity of the Company, with each member holding key responsibilities over defined areas of the business. This ensures a culture of constructive challenge and effective decision making. The Executive Committee bas a broad range of knowledge, skills and industry expertise (including general management, operational and financial) to carry out their duties to a high standard. The Group plays an active role in the appointment of Directors to the board and members to the Executive Committee, assessing their ongoing effectiveness and identifying development opportunities to maximise their effectiveness.    Principle 3. Director Responsibilities The Group's Code of Business Conduct ensures that all Directors, officers and employees share Holcim's commitment to conducting business with integrity, and provides guidance on how to put this commitment into practice, while adhering to local laws and regulations. The Board recognises its duties and oversight role. The Directors provide oversight by regularly reviewing performance, KP!s, and financial reports from the business divisions and functions. In addition, operating and financial performance and key decisions taken are routinely discussed with the Executive Committee to ensure that proper consideration is given to stakeholders in decision making. As part of the annual planning cycle, the Board reviews the Company's strategic plan, a mid term plan covering three years (including the budget) and risk management presented by members of the Executive Committee. The Board assumes responsibility to seek and receive reports from various internal departments that the Company's financial reporting, governance, risk management and internal control processes are operating effectively and in line with Group standards. In addition, the Company has appointed the Risk and Assurance department to oversee and audit compliance with Company policies and processes and make recommendations on improvement opportunities. Principle 4. Opportunity and Risk The Executive Committee seeks out opportunities while mitigating risks utilising a combination of industry knowledge and management expertise. In addition, dedicated specialist functions are responsible for providing insight in areas such as procurement, commercial, health and safety, pricing and market analysis and customer care. The Company's key risks are set out in the Strategic Report on page 2. The Executive Committee meets with members of the Group's senior management team throughout the year to present the operational and financial performance results, discuss opportunities for innovation and any relevant business risks, and obtain buy-in and supporting information for key strategic and capital allocation decisions. Employees at all levels are encouraged to feed any identified opportunities and risks up through their management structure. The Company's Strategy team is tasked with building the Company's long-term strategic plans and coordinating merger and acquisitions activities, including market and sector analysis and identification of business development opportunities. The Company's Risk & Assurance team manages the Company's business risks by performing risk assessments across the business and carrying out regular business reviews on a planned or ad hoc basis along with investigating any suspected or reported breach of policy or standards. Key opportunities, issues and risks resulting from these activities are reported to the Board. The Risk & Assurance team also liaises with the Holcim Group Internal Audit for any Group coordinated audits that may arise. The Company also implements the Holcim Policy Landscape as well as the Holcim Internal Control Framework, the effectiveness of which is monitored regularly. Principle 5. Remuneration The Company is committed to investing in and developing our most valuable asset, our people. We do this through effective recruitment, training and retention of a highly skilled and qualified workforce. Our core principle is to be the "employer of choice" in the extractives industry. The Company is devoted to supporting and developing our people in line with our business objectives. The Company is also investing heavily in diversity and inclusion programs and events to promote a more balanced workforce - with a particular focus on attracting more women within the industry. Our people are remunerated competitively and in line with the markets we operate in. The Company is also committed to tackling the historic gender imbalance in the industry, and inherently the gender pay gap it creates. The Executive team and all employees have a remuneration package that is based on a number of principles and guidelines communicated by the Group. These aim at ensuring the compensation and benefits offered to employees is appropriate to the UK market as assessed against relevant benchmark data. It also requires the Company to take account of internal equity to ensure it is fair and does not lead to any discriminatory practices, thus complying with equal pay legislation. The Group also sets guidelines on annual pay reviews and incentive arrangements and has visibility of the rewards approved for senior management through these annual processes. The Company follows several Group Directives that contain these principles and is also required to complete internal controls relating to compensation and benefits (including pensions) that demonstrate ongoing compliance.    Principle 6. Stakeholder Relationships and engagement The Board regularly reviews and oversees a wide range of stakeholder information, including employee opinion and customer satisfaction data. Key issues stemming from stakeholder engagement are addressed by the Board and are considered in any decision making processes. The Company is committed to living up to the responsibilities that come with being the global leader in building materials and solutions. The Directors regularly discuss the Company's impact on the environment and the sustainability of the Company's operations. The Company has developed a number of products in its 'Life' range which seek to help create a more sustainable future. Each of the products in the 'Life' range meets at least one of the six criteria set out by the Company to meet the demands of environmentally conscious individuals. Furthermore, the Company implements biodiversity management plans for all active extraction sites and works to protect, restore and enhance biodiversity habitats and species on and around our sites. The Company actively contributes to the social and economic development of the communities in which it operates. The Board encourages community engagement through community liaison meetings, open days for the general public and by providing materials, resources and voluntary labour and ensures that community investment is making the best use of the Company's relevant business skills, products and experience. Feedback and insights obtained from interactions with members of the community are shared by the Company's management with the Directors. The Company is an active partner and founding member of the Supply Chain Sustainability School, an organisation aimed at developing the sustainability and social responsibility agenda within our supply chain. All members of the Board are actively involved in stakeholder engagement in their roles to promote the Company's strategy and vision. Regular site visits are organised in order to reinforce our 'zero harm' ambitions and also to take the opportunity to update our employees on what is happening in the business. Through regular Group financial reviews as well as external audit efforts, the Board ensures that stakeholders are presented with a fair, balanced and understandable assessment of the Company's position and prospects.
