    Corporate Governance Statement The Wates Corporate Governance Principles for Large'Private Companies provides a framework fdr the Group to demonstrate how the Board promotes the long:-term,successof-the Group and its stakeholders, and complies with section 172 of the Companies Act 2016. Throughout 2022 the Board will continue to consider how best to address its engagem~nt with stakeholders.over both the long and stiort term. Purpose - The Group's purpose to provide safe and trusted air-to-air refuelling, air tram;port and ancillary services to enable its e,ustomers·s~ss, be it for the UK Moo through the FSTA and related contracts. or for r,lilltary ames. AirTanker seeks to exploit its skills and capabilities to deliver safe, trus.tedand WOf!d leading aviation services to support our customers' strategic and tactical capabilities.    Corporate Governance Statement (conUnued) Composition - The Board comprises an Independent non-executive Chairman. four executive directors as wenas up to.three non-executive directors nominated by shareholders. This composition provides a range of understanding and experience of the different elements supporting the Group's operations which ensures a focus on not only financial and buSlness performance. but operational excellence. safety and the underlying complexity of AirTanker's business. In addition, the presence of directors nominated by shareholders on the Board of Directors, and lhe provisions of the Shareholders Agreement ensure that members of the company are treated fairly. Responsibilities• The Board meet regularly throughou1the year. and In addition has standing committees to provide additional focus on financial matters, audit (Including internal audit and internal controls) and remuneration. The board receives regular updates on financial performance, ris~. compliance with laws and regulations, customer engagement, staff engagement, and corporate social responsibility. The Shareholder Agreement defmes certain limits of the Board, and the Board delegates a defined list of authority to the Executive management Opportunity & Risk- The rote of the Board is to promote the tong-term success of the Group. Management proaclively considers. and discusses with the Board, opportunities to enhance value over time of its services and its product, as well as presenting on future risks. Furthermore, the Group has to report to Its lenders on covenant performance which does include tong term projections. Should covenant performance of the Group be insufficient, the Group is unable to make distributions to shareholders. Remuneratt"on- The Group does not have any employees. The Group does pay secondment fees in relation to services performed by certain directors, and their remuneration is set by the Remuneration Committee which Is comprised of non-Executive directors who do not benefit from the decisions of the Committee. Stakeholders - T.heBoard has a responsibility to oversee meaningful engagement Withstakeholders. and to conduci constructive relationships in pursuit of the Group's purpose. The board receives regular updates on financial-performance, risk, compliance with laws and regulations, customer engagement. secondee engagement. and corporate social responsibility. The Executive Management is the same for both the Group as for its subcontractor. ATrS. Furthermore, each of the shareholder's nomina1e a director which provides an insight into shareholder concerns, but also the Interests of the Group's suppliers. The Company works constructively with its customer and its subcontractors to ensure that charitable causes are supported. Furthermore, the Company engages with Its customer and subcontractors to explore ways to minimise the environmental Impact of itS operations.
