    2.12 Statement of Corporate Governance Arrangements The Board of Albion JVCo Limited (the "Board") is committed to high standards of corporate governance, it is the way we do business and is at the core of everything we do. Good governance and robust decision making is essential to ensure the continued long-term success of the Company and its subsidiaries (the "Group"). In practice the Board sits at the Albion TopCo Limited level, our key operational subsidiary, and the Board delegates responsibility for corporate governance to the board of Albion TopCo Limited (the "Operational Board"). The Board engages with the Operational Board on key issues relating to corporate governance by having all the Company's directors represented on the Operational Board. The Group voluntarily applies the Wates Corporate Governance Principles for Large Private Companies, published by the Financial Reporting Council in December 2018 (the "Wates Principles"). We work hard to apply the Wates Principles and fully support the 'apply and explain' basis of reporting against it. Further explanation of how each of the Wates Principles has beeri applied is set out below. Purpose and leadership The Operational Board has overall responsibility for establishing the purpose, values and strategy to deliver long-term sustainable success for the Group and generate value for shareholders. We place great importance on ensuring that these key themes are relevant and appropriate for the Group and the sectors in which we operate, while being aligned with our culture. Our values underpin our purpose and are recognised across the Group as the basis of our culture. The Operational Board sets the strategy for the Group to align with our purpose. It oversees the implementation of that strategy to ensure that the Group is suitably resourced to deliver on its strategic objectives. Indicators of culture reviewed by the Operational Board and its committees include: - Reviewing the results of our employee survey (Be Heard) - Reviewing the volume and nature of whistleblowing reports and outcome of any investigations - Our safety performance, uptake of initiatives and trends, as attitudes to safety can act as an early warning of potential culture-related issues - Internal audit reports and findings, as attitudes to regulators and internal audit can give an early indication of potential culture-related issues - Monitoring our KPI on employee satisfaction - Training completion rates - Visiting Aggreko locations in the UK and overseas to spend time with our people, allowing us to assess culture in the local context - Reviewing and monitoring with our Code of Conduct compliance Board composition The Operational Board comprises of the Chairman, CEO, CFO and four shareholder representative Non-executive directors. The roles of the Chairman and CEO are separate and clearly defined. The Chairman is responsible for the leadership of the Board, ensuring its effectiveness, setting its agenda taking full account of the issues and concerns of Board members, promoting open debate and facilitating constructive discussion. The CEO is responsible for leading, managing and controlling the Group, subject to those matters which are reserved for decision by the Operational Board or our shareholders. Appointments to the Operational Board are made by our shareholders on the basis of merit considering the combination of skills, background, experience and knowledge required.    Director responsibilities The Operational Board has oversight of the Group, receiving regular and timely information on all key aspects of the business. At its scheduled meetings the Operational Board receives reports from the CEO on key issues affecting the business. the CFO on the performance of the business and, where a committee meeting has been held beforehand, the Chair of the Audit and Risk Committee on matters discussed at their meeting. An annual planner of items for consideration by the Operational Board ensures a steady flow of updates on key issues for the Group. Ad hoc meetings are held as required in response to specific issues to ensure the stability and viability of the Group in the longer term. The Operational Board has delegated certain governance responsibilities to the Audit and Risk Committee. The Operational Board approved the terms of reference and membership of the Audit and Risk Committee and will review both on an annual basis. Membership of the Audit and Risk Committee includes shareholder representatives who support effective decision makers and independent challenge.    The Operational Board has approved a Group Delegation of Authority Policy which sets out matters reserved for the decision of the Operational Board, matters requiring the consent of the Company's shareholders and provision of information to the Company's shareholders. The Group Delegation of Authority Policy also delegates authority for day-to-day management to the CEO and Operational Committee members. The Operational Committee is chaired by the CEO and its membership includes the CFO, the leaders of the Power Solutions and Rental Solutions businesses, the Group Legal Director and Company Secretary, the Group People Director, and the Chief Information Officer. To ensure that the Operational Board maintains its ability to ensure objective and effective decision making there is a Board procedure in place for the monitoring, and where appropriate, authorisation of any potential conflicts of interest that directors may have. On an annual basis the directors are reminded of their continuing obligations and are required to review and confirm their interests. Opportunity and risk The Operational Board maintains comprehensive level of monitoring, compliance, assurance and risk assessment in relation to the Group. Our disclosure in relation to opportunity and risk is included in the section on Principal Risks and Uncertainties within the Strategic Report on page 5. The Operational Board has established an Audit and Risk Committee, whose overall remit includes ensuring the integrity of the Group's financial reporting and provision of oversight and review of the Groups systems for internal control and risk management. These activities underpin the Director's consideration and integrity of our narrative and financial reporting. The Audit and Risk Committee is chaired by the Chairman and its terms of reference are available at www.aggreko.com. Remuneration The Group aims to employ a high-performing workforce, rewarded in line with our values and incentivised to promote the Group's purpose and strategy. Remuneration of the Group's CEO, CFO and other senior management is reviewed and set by our shareholders. In making remuneration decisions, our shareholders consider the pay and employment conditions elsewhere in the Group and are informed of changes to broader employee pay. The directors of the Company do not receive any remuneration in respect of the services they provide as directors.
