    Corporate governance arrangements ALD Automotive is committed to promoting the highest standards of corporate governance, and has practices in place to support the Board in achieving sustainable value and Board effectiveness. For the year ended 31 December 2021, under The Companies (Miscellaneous Reporting) Regulations 2018, ALD applied the Wates Corporate Governance Principles for Large Private Companies (published by the Financial Reporting Council 'FRC' in December 2018). The following section explains ALD's approach to corporate governance, and its application of the relevant principles. ALD is a subsidiary of ALD Automotive Group (headed by ALD S.A.), a French fleet management and operational car leasing company whose shares are traded on the regulated market of Euronext Paris. ALD S.A. is a subsidiary of • Soclete Generale and Soclete Generale is one of the largest European Financial Services    ALD adheres to the same Company Bylaws and Board of Directors Internal Regulations as those of ALD Automotive (and Societe Generale) which enhance ALD's corporate governance approach. Purpose and Leadership The Board takes full responsibility for the success of ALO which incorporates responsibilities for the management of the culture, values and wider standards of ALD including its commitment to diversity, community engagement, social responsibility and environmental sustainability. The corporate culture factors in the needs of all stakeholders and strives towards the highest level of business conduct and customer experience. ALD's aim is to position itself at the centre of a fast changing mobility sector with the stated ambition of ALO Automotive Group to become a fully integrated sustainable mobility provider and a global leader in its field. To that end, the Board plays a role in monitoring the culture and values of ALD so as to ensure that they align with the wider Group strategy, discussed further in the Strategic Report. Board Composition ALD's Board is made up of Tim Laver (Managing Director) and Ian Turner with Anna Woodward as company secretary. The Operating Board Committee support the Board. The current composition of the board has the right mix of skills, experience and specialist knowledge about the Company. External advisors are engaged to address any knowledge gaps if required. The board composition is reviewed regularly and any new appointments are based on merit and alignment with the Company's strategy. The current size of the board is considered appropriate to the scale and complexity of the Company.    Directors' Responsibilities The directors have a responsibility to act at all times in the best interests of ALO and steer it towards achieving its strategic objectives. The Managing Director is responsible for the regular operations and management of the company and alongside other directors ensures that the Company's direction is consistent with the values, _standardsand objectives set by the Board. The directors are provided with regular training in order to refresh knowledge on directors' duties and relevant regulatory requirements such as SMCR. A deep understanding of SMCR and its requirements was embedded across ALO (particularly to those performing controlled functions and falling under the certification regime) via a targeted training campaign. The Board operates three tiers of committees which ultimately feed back into the Operating Board Committee and the Board. The first tier is occupied by the Executive Risk Committee with the second tier being occupied by the following sub-committees: Operational Risk Committee, Customer & Conduct Committee, Maintenance Committee, Residual Value Committee and the Treasury Committee. The third tier is occupied by the Information Governance Committee and the CSR Management Committee. In accordance with Societe Generale requirements, ALO operates a standalone Internal Control Co-ordination Committee which forms part of Societe Generale's audit toolkit for the wider Group. The directors receive timely and regular information on various issues relevant to ALO both in and outside Board meetings.    Opportunity and Risk    The Board is responsible for the strategic direction of ALO. Any changes in the ALD's operating environment which could lead to opportunities and risks are considered by the Board (and the relevant board committee where appropriate) in regular Board meetings and appropriate plans of action are put in place which balance opportunity against risks. This ensures that ALD has the best chance for future success an~ is able to generate value for all its stakeholders. The Board has implemented policies which encourage an efficient and effective controls framework which identifies and minimises risk in a timely manner. Once identified, risks are managed through appropriate management delegation with regular reporting to the Board. Further details around risks have been specified in note 22. Remuneration ALO S.A. sets the remuneration policy for Director Remuneration across the wider ALO Automotive group including ALO.    Stakeholders The Board is committed to treating customers fairly and openly at all times in accordance with FCA requirements and principles. An ALO-wide Customer Excellence programme was launched in 2015 to further embed a customer service culture across the business and ALD's Customer and Conduct sub-committee support this work. This programme has continuously evolved to ensure the ongoing improvement to service quality and the customer experience. ALO has a positive and collaborative relationship with it~ intermediary network and other key suppliers. A robust supplier on-boarding process is in place to ensure that appropriate due diligence is undertaken and an in-life contract monitoring program enables oversight of outsourced functions in accordance with FCA outsourcing requirements and internal ALO Automotive 'procurement policies and processes. The Board is dedicated to promoting employee engagement across ALO. Employee comment is encouraged via a continuous employee feedback loop including one to ones, structured surveys, exit interviews, probation reviews and post training feedback. Employee surveys are conducted regularly and the information obtained acts as a constant barometer of employee satisfaction.
