    Corporate Governance Code The Company has enhanced its governance framework and approach by adopting the Wates Corporate Governance Principles for Large Private Companies issued by the Financial Reporting Council. The Company's compliance with these principles during the year ended 31 December 2021 is outlined below, and should be read in conjunction with the Directors' Section 172 statement and the Directors' report and Strategic Report more generally: Purpose and leadership -An effective Board develops and promotes the purpose of a Company and ensures that its values, strategy and culture align with this purpose The Company's ultimate shareholder, ALSTOM SA has renewed its "Alstom in Motion" to lead the way to greener and smarter, mobility worldwide. strategy which aims for the Group With the widest geographicalreach and most comprehensiveportfolio of the industry,Alstom is in a unique position to respondto the unprecedentedneedfor sustainablemobility. TheAlstom in Motion (AiM)2025strategicplan isbuilt on provenAiM strategyandsignificantly enlargedGroup profile to include Bombardier,acquiredon 29 January2021. The Group aims to further grow leveragingon its reinforced product linesand geographicalpresence,commitsto acceleratesmart and green mobilityinnovationwith important R&Dinvestments,and will extend its operationaI excellenceeffortsto a new scale. The Company as a subsidiary of ALSTOM SA, has adopted the AiM strategy and is geared towards achieving the same objectives and adopting the same core values. The Environment and Health & Safety are key priorities for the business. The Company's Purpose and its Values are communicated actively by the Board and Senior Leadership Team through direct channels of communication between Directors and the workforce, and through the adoption and promotion of the Group's policies, procedures and standards. This includes but is not limited to Alstom's safety standards and its Anti-Bribery & Corruption, Anti-Bullying and Harassment, Anti-Slavery and Human Trafficking and Whistleblowing policies, in addition to the Company's focus on dealing fairly with employees and suppliers. The Board monitors the Company's culture to assess with it is in line with the Group's AIR Values (Agile, Inclusive, Responsible) which enables this Company and the Group overall to achieve its strategy and objectives. Further details on Employee Involvement and engagement and Equal Opportunities are set out in the Directors' Report. Effective board composition requires an effective chair and a balance of skills , backgrounds, experience and knowledge, with individual directors having sufficient capacity to make a valuable contribution. The size of a board should be guided by the scale and complexity of the company Board Composition -As might be expected in a year where the Company was acquired by the ALSTOM group on 29 January,2021, there have been more changes to the Board's composition than would ordinarily be the case. During the second half of the year, the Board comprised of five individuals who held senior roles in the management and operation of the Company. This included    the UK Managing Director, UK Finance Director and UK Head of Legal, each of whom also serve on the Boards of several other UK Group companies. All of the Directors are able to demonstrate a wide range of skills, knowledge and experience an·d collectively are able to contribute in a valuable way to the making of decisions through engaging in debate through bringing their own different perspectives, both formally in Board meetings and in their roles in the wider Senior Leadership Team (SLT), who held regular formalised meetings focused on the effective running of the Company. The SLT also comprises a wider audience, including senior leaders of other functions within the business who are not formally appointed as Board Directors. Each of the Directors are employed full time by the business and do not hold employment or engagements outside of the Company. As such, they have the appropriate time to commit to ensuring that they properly fulfil their responsibilities as Directors and contribute to the effective running of the Company. They are supported and complemented by individuals at an ALSTOM Group level who would offer valuable assistance and insight as appropriate, reflecting the Company's place in the wider Group. In light of the size of the Company and scale and nature of its operations, the size and composition of the Board is considered appropriate at the current time. Directors' Responsibilities- The board and individual directors should have a clear understanding of their accountability and responsibilities. The Board's policies and procedures should support effective decision making an independent challenge The Company's governance framework and approach to governance guides the Directors on their legal responsibilities and accountability to deliver value for the Company's shareholder, after taking into account the interests of all stakeholders. The papers presented to the Board and provided in a timely fashion in advance of meetings, and this enables that they can be read and properly digested in advance of the meetings themselves to ensure that all Directors can properly and most effectively contribute. Open dialogue and debate at Board meetings is firmly encouraged, and this ensures that the most appropriate decisions are reached in a timely manner. The Company would offer and actively encourages Directors to receive training on their responsibilities as Directors. Opportunity and Risk - A board should promote the long-term sustainable success of the Company by identifying opportunities to create and preserve value and establishing oversight for the identification and mitigation of risks The Company's approach to governance promotes the identification debate and challenge it encourages. of both opportunities and risks through the open The Company's "Senior Leadership Team" comprises of statutory Directors, including the UK Managing Director and UK Finance Director, and functional heads across the business. This team plays an integral role in identifying and exploiting opportunities, and identifying risks and developing plans to address them. The Company has developed a risk register which is regularly reviewed. The Company is obliged to and welcomes the opportunity to share details of risks and opportunities with its parent company, so that it can be appropriately challenged and supported.    Remuneration - A Boord should promote executive remuneration structures aligned to the Jong term sustainable success of a Company, taking into account pay and conditions elsewhere in the Company In addition to competitive base pay levels and appropriate benefits, the Company's senior pP.rsonnelare eligible to receive bonuses. These are based on individuals' successful completion of their formalised objectives set at the start of the year, along with the Alstom Group's achievement of financial and other targets. In addition, certain of the Company's senior persons are eligible to participate in share option schemes operated by the Group. The Company's executive remuneration policy takes into account the pay and conditions of the Company's wider workforce, as well as the respective levels of responsibility held by managers and other members of the workforce. Stakeholder relationships and engagement - Directors should foster effective stakeholder relationships aligned to the Company's purpose. The Boord is responsible for overseeing meaningful engagement with stakeholders, including the workforce, and having regard to their views when taking decisions The Company works proactively in partnering with its principal stakeholders, understanding their priorities and developing strong relationships and trust. Investment in these relationships helps the Company deliver its strategy and objectives more effectively. Further details on how the Company has engaged with its stakeholders are set out in the Company's Section 172 (1) statement on page 9.
