    Ce>rporateGovernance During 2021, our corporate governance structure and system of governance remained stable. There were no material changes to the framework which remains fit for purpose in delivering the strategic aims of the company while providing a mechanism for the Board, and the non-executive directors to oversee and challenge the executive management team. Effective for the year ended 30 November 2021, the Company has continued to follow the Wates Corporate Governance Principles for Large Private Companies ('the Principles'). The structure also continues to comply with the relevant regulatory and legal requirements. In accordance with The Companies (Miscellaneous Reporting) Regulations 2018, set out below is an explanation of how the Company has applied each of the six Principles: 1. PURPOSE AND LEADERSHIP AIGUK is part of the AIG Group, and the Company operates to deliver local strategies that sit within the overall aims of the AIG Group. As per the Governance Report, the -Board sets strategies and agrees the business plan for the Company and regularly monitors progress towards the Company's strategic goals and business objectives. The Board considers the impact of this strategy on each key stakeholder group, as outlined in detail in the Section 172 statement. 2. BOARD COMPOSITION The Board is chaired by Philippe Tromp who is an independent non-executive director. The role of the Board Chair is distinct from that of the Chief Executive c;1nd.each role is clearly defined. All the independent directors are independent as they are not financially dependent on AIGUK, have never been employed by any AIG group company and have not served more than nine years on the Board. . . The Board consists of both executive and non-executive directors, with majority of non-executive directors. The duties of the Board are executed partially through Board Committees, as outlined in the Corporate Governance Report. All B<?ardCommittees are chaired by an· independent non-executive director (other than the Executive Committee which is chaired by the CEO). All the independent directors sit on the Audit Committee, the Reserves-Committee and the Board Risk Committee which enables ttiem to challenge and oversee a broad range of areas and topics across AIGUK.    The Board possesses a broad range of experience including finance, underwriting and law and the most recent appointment brings a diversity of skill_sand experience to the Board that further enhances and deepens the overall competence of the Board. In the latter part of 2021, the Compa_nyrecruited a furthe~ independent non-executive director with expertise in technology _andtechnology transformation .. A Board skills matrix is maintained by the Company Secretary and reviewed by the Chair periodically to ensure the ~oard has the right mix of skills and experience. The skills matrix is reviewed prior to any new direc_torappointments. Directors update their skills, knowle9ge, and familiarity with the company through regular meetings with senior management, external training courses and specific Board-training sessions ~oordinated by the Chair and Company Secretary. Directors are also expected to undertake their own continuing professional development through attendance at external events and training sessions. There is an induction process for all new directors, tailored for specific individuals. The Board conducts an effectiveness review on a regular basis. 3. DIRECTOR RESPONSIBILITIES A statement of directors' responsibilities with regard to financial statements unde~company law is found in the Directors' Report. In addition to these respon~ibilities, the Board maintains Terms· of Reference outlining the duties of the Board; a fundamental duty being to set the strategic aims and risk appetite of. the Company. r· The Board delegates authority for day-to-day management to the Chief Executive Officer (CEO), who chairs the Executive Committee. This meets qua~erly and supports the CEO in execution of the Board-set strategy. The Executive Committee membership includes leader!? of each business area and the heads of the controlled functions. '-The other Board Committees, all chaired by independent non-executive directors, execute the business of the Board as delegated under the Committees' Terms of Reference. The Committees meet quarterly or more often as required. Attendance is monitored by the Company Secretary and ~ttendance levels are high. A Directors' interests register is maintained to identify and manage conflicts of interest. The Board also have a local policy and process which provides guidance on conflicts, including examples of potential conflicts, when they should be declared and how the Chair should address them, should they arise. 4. OPP.ORTUNITY AND RISK A statement of .principal risks and uncertainties is provided in the Strategic Report. As outlined in the Governance Report, the Board Risk Committee monitors the Company risk management framework and receives a quarterly report on management risks and emerging risks. In order to promote the long~term sustainability of the company, strategic opportunities are reviewed by the Board. The key strategic pillars and the impacted stakeholders are outlined in the S172 statement. 5. REMUNERATION. As per the Corporate Governance section, the Remuneration Committee ensures that remuneration policies are consistent with soun·d risk management and do not expose the company to excessive risk. The' Remuneration Committee is responsible for ensuring that the remuneration policy of the Company complies with. Solvency II and other applicable regulations.    6. STAKEHOLDER RELATIONSHIPS AND ENGAGEMENT As per the Section 172 Statement, the Company has identified a range of key stakeholders, each of whom is integral to the long-term objectives of the Company. The Section·172 Statement outlines in detail how the Board ensures effective engagement with each of these stakeholders and how this engagement contributes to the delivery of the long-term objectives of the. Company .
