    CORPORATE GOVERNANCE STATEMENT FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2021 The Company is required to include disclosures as to which corporate governance code has been applied and how. • The Company has chosen to adopt the Wates Principles, which incorporates six principles: Purpose & Leadership, Board Composition, Director Responsibilities, •Opportunity & Risk, Remuneration and Stakeholder Relationships & Engagement. The Directors present the following Corporate governance statement outlining how the Company applies the code. Principle 1: Purpose & leadership The following section describes the Company's purpose for existence and its leadership. The Company is a wholly owned subsidiary of Arla Foods amba (the "Group" or "Cooperative"). The purpose of the Company is to enable membership of UK farmers into the Arla cooperative and ensure the highest value for farmers' milk and create opportunities for their growth. This purpose is regularly emphasised to our colleagues, be it through training updates, leadership communications, Group updates, and through our on-boarding process. Highest priority is assigned to the consideration of how decisions and actions taken impact successfully achieving this purpose. As a wholly owned subsidiary within the Group, the Company operates under the Group vision and purpose, adopting its values. The Arla vision is to create the future of dairy to bring health and inspiration to the world, naturally. Its purpose is to secure the highest value for Arla tamers' milk while creating opportunities for their growth. Our values build on the ambition to create one global Arla and central to this is our character. We strive to demonstrate · a leading mindset, a sensing approach and a creative culture. A leading mindset means being passionate, striving for leadership and identifying the highest potential in our people, business and relationships. A sensing approach is about perceiving our people, consumers, and the world around us. It is about showing integrity, having an open mind, seeing opportunities and high potential in our people, business and relationships. A creative culture means developing and being creative in acquiring expertise, products and market relationships and creating and developing strong potential in our people, business and partnerships. Our values are embedded in our actions, from underpinning leadership gatherings to informing our annual objectives. Our organisation is structured in a way that encourages these values. The Company is fully integrated into the Group from operational, functional and strategic perspectives. The Group is the fourth largest global dairy company based on milk intake, the largest global organic dairy producer, and the world's longest running cross-border dairy cooperative. The Group is a cooperative owned by dairy farmers across seven countries. Farmer owners are naturally at the core of the Group's business model and by definition, the core of its UK model, and this defines our mission and our vision. The Company operates in the dairy industry. The Company has grown in the UK market principally through mergers over the past 30 years, expanding its product range and increasing farmer member numbers. Most notably, Express Dairies pie and Arla Foods pie merged in 2003 to create Arla Foods UK pie. This business went through several changes, delisted in 2007 and became a wholly owned subsidiary of the Group. The Company went on to expand operations organically until the 2012 merger with Milk Link, creating one of the largest European dairy cooperatives. Since 2013 the number of British farmer owners within the Group has doubled. The Company continued to grow and is now home to household UK branded products including Arla Cravendale®, Castello®, Arla Protein®, Lurpak® and through licencing arrangements, Anchor® butters & spreadables, Starbucks TM ready to drink coffee and Yeo Valley® butters and organic milk.    The Company operates under the Group strategies. The previous Group strategy, "Good Growth 2020" concluded at the end of 2020 but was used to steer through 2021 after the unprecedented circumstances brought about by the pandemic. Good Growth 2020 ended having delivered above expectations in a number of key areas for the Group, including 4.5% strategic branded revenue volume growth (Against target 2-4%) and 49.3% brand share of revenue (Against target;:; 45%) full details of which can be found on page 14 of the Group's Consolidated Annual Report 2020. Good Growth 2020 has been supplemented by "Calcium" since 2018, a transformation and efficiency programme. Calcium concluded during 2021 with Group-wide gross savings of €634m (Against target €500m), excluding inflation. Arla UK significantly contributed to, and benefited from, these savings. Good Growth 2020 was further supplemented by the Group sustainability strategy since 2019, aimed at reducing Aria's negative impact on the world through development of sustainable farm_ingand positively impacting people through inspiring sustainable, nutritious diets. The strategy defined clear pathways to reduce our carbon footprint and set ambitious, science-based reduction goals. The year ended with the Group launch of the Future26 strategy for the next five years, which drives the Group purpose and vision. The central aspiration of Future26 is value creation and sustainability. The strategy is built on four core pillars; Lead Sustainable Dairy, Scale to Grow, Build Growth Platforms and Collaborate for Efficiencies. Lead Sustainable Dairy builds upon our 2019 sustainability strategy creating further ambition and acceleration of actions. Our new targets to reduce scope 1 and 2 emissions by 63% are in line with the reductions required to restrict global warming to 1.5°C by 2030, and our scope 3 target of a 30% reduction per kg of fat and protein corrected milk by 2030 remains in line with the Science based targets initiatives criteria for ambitious value chain goals, in line with best practice. -Scale to Grow is about creation of value for our owners through development of our brands, unique technologies, category leadership and supply chain expertise to drive our competitiveness and build on our market leading positions. Build _GrowthPlatforms relates to our positions within developing markets, focusing on our brands and innovation. Acceleration of food service presence and e-commerce is key to success. Our new Future26 strategy explicitly includes sustainability as one of four key focus areas. Our work with sustainability contributes to the realisation of the UN's Sustainable Development Goals ("SDGs"). Our sustainability ambitions are founded through on our general business practices and commitments, as defined in our Code of Conduct. Our prioritised focus is on the SDGs we can influence through our value chain relating to food, environment and climate to maximise positive impact while addressing negative impacts too. The Group's environmental ambitions are led by its climate targets updated with Future26, to commit us to the Paris agreement's target of limiting global warming to 1.5°C. The Group ambition is for our value chain to be carbon net zero by 2050 and to achieve our science based targets by 2030. The Group's environmental ambition covers three themes; better climate, clean air & water and more nature through increased biodiversity. To reach the goals, the Group focus includes; Farms and feed production 86% of our total Group scope 3 GHG emissions come from our farms. Therefore this is where we focus most of our efforts to reduce our carbon footprint. Recent climate check data on our farms showed our farmers to be amongst the most climate-efficient dairy farmers globally with 1.15 kg of CO2e per kg of milk. This is our baseline to be improved. • Optimised milk per feed for cows. • Feeding precise protein amounts to reduce nitrogen levels in manure. • Cow health and happiness levels. • Optimised use of manure and fertilizer. • Better feed crop yields, reduced imported feed.    Transport, production and offices 4% of our total Group GHG emissions, scope (2%) and scope 2 (2%), comes from transportation, production and offices, and includes our purchased energy. Packaging, whey and waste management 10% of our total Group GHG emissions come from scope 3 GHG emissions related to packaging, whey and waste management. • Improved efficiency in energy and fuel use. • Increase share of renewable energy and fuels such as biogas and biomass. • Increase recycled packaging material to 100% by 2025. • Reduce use of virgin plastics. • Reduce food waste 50% by 2030. • Work with waste management suppliers. More information on the Group sustainability performance, including our actions to reduce emissions and our outcomes can be found in the Group's Consolidated Annual Report 2021 available from the Investor relations section of www.arla.com. More information on the UK specific actions in relation to sustainability can be found below in both Principle 6: Stakeholder relationships section, the Strategic report, and in our Streamlined Energy and Carbon Reporting in the Directors' report. The Group sustainability strategy and performance increasingly drives our decision making, objective setting and behaviours of the Company. Principle 2: Board composition The following section describes the Company's Board composition and why this is effective for the scale and complexity of the Company considering the context of the wider Group. As a wholly owned subsidiary of a global group, context of the overall Group Governance Framework is required in order to understand the composition and balance of the Company's Board of Directors. This is presented below. The Group Governance Framework is divided into Cooperative Governance and Corporate Governance. Group - cooperative governance The following chart presents the structure of the Group's cooperative governance framework: ,r ''--'\ Owner nationalities Owners (Fa'rmers) Local representatives Our b'oa'rds.and councils foenmark: ·......· ...•• f SWeden] .........---~ ,_ 8,956 dairy farmers [ Belgium,Luxembourg,Germany,TheNelhertands: '•••••-•••••-•••• .. • .. •••••• ................. ;~••••••• .......... : [u~it;~-Ki~gd-o~·; '•• ............ ••. ••• ... I Districts Cooperative governance Regions 50SE 77OK Danish area oouncll Swedish area council Board of Representatives 175 owners+ 12 employeerepresentaU11es 23CE 25UK Board of Directors J Central European J J I area councfl 15owneis+ 3 employeerepfese11IeIives+ 2 externaladviSO<S,, { ] UKarea    Cooperative governance refers to the ownership structure and how members elect a board of directors. Arla farmer owners globally are all members of district councils, who convene for local annual assmebly and elect members to represent each district on a Board of Representatives ("BoR"). The BoR is the supreme Group decision-making body made up of 175 cooperative owners and 12 employee representatives, spread across the districts in which our farmers originate as shown. The BoR make decisions over appropriations of profit and they elect the Group Board of Directors ("Group BoD"). Owner representatives are elected every other year in odd years, the next election is scheduled for 2022 following postponement of 2021 due to the pandemic. Meetings are held formally at least twice a year. The elected Group BoD then assume responsibility for strategic decision making, monitoring Group activities and asset management, maintaining Group financial information satisfactorily, making decisions on corporate structure and appointing the Executive Board. The Group BoD must ensure management of the Group is in the best interests of the farmer owners. They manage other stakeholders' interests in the Group including; lenders, investors, colleagues. The Group BoD consists of 15 elected farmer owners, three employee representatives and two external advisors to the Board. The composition of members of the Group BoD reflects the ownership structure across countries. The Group BoD has four area council sub-committees that each consist of members of the Group BoD and BoR. The sub-committees handle issues specific to farmer owners of each area for which they are established being; Sweden, Denmark, Central Europe and UK. • Group - corporate governance The following chart presents the structure of the Group's corporate governance framework: r ~ .) ( Boar:d of Directors ] ( Executive management team ] Corporate governance r r ~ ~ r ~ r ' r " Supply Chain Finance, legal & IT .HR & corporate affairs Europe International MIik, members & trading Marketing, Innovation, Comms& ESG '-• Functionalorganisationsubject to change aligningwith perfonnance managementas required .) .) The Group Corporate Governance is shared between the Group BoD and the Executive Board. Together they define and ensure adherence to the Group strategic direction, organise and manage the Group, supervise management and ensure compliance. The Executive Board is appointed by the Group BoD and ensures the proper long-term growth of the Group from a global perspective, driving the strategic direction, following up on targets for the year and defining policies, while striving for a sustainable increase in Group value. Furthermore, the Executive Board ensures appropriate risk management and risk controlling, as well as compliance with statutory regulations and internal guidelines. The Executive Board is usually comprised of the CEO and another member of the Executive Management Team ("EMT"). Peter Gi0rtz-Carlsen (Chief Commercial Officer Europe) is a member of the Executive Board. As a common member of the Company's Board of Directors, this provides a direct link from the Executive Board to the UK Boo. The Group EMT is appointed by and includes the Executive Board. The EMT is responsible for the Group's day-to-day business operations, preparing strategies and planning the future operating structure. In addition to the Executive Board, there are four functional experts and one commercial leader. The functional experts cover Finance, IT and Legal, Marketing and Innovation, Human Resources and Supply Chain. The Commercial leader is responsible for the Group's international commercial segment. The EMT members regularly meet and share significant developments and align on cross-functional measures.    Company - corporate governance Governance of UK incorporated legal entities UK legal entities board members• Morten Holm Jensen Pauline Hogg VP, Corporate FinanceGroup Olrector,HR UK Arla UK Senior Leadership Team Group Corporate Governance Ash Amlrahmadi GVP UK, Chairman Peter Gl0rtz-Carlsen CCO, Europe Simon Ho VP, Finance UK Alison Rance VP, ProductionUK Arta Group functions [ } } Commercial Supply Chain Finance, Legal & IT HR & Corporate Affairs Milk, Members and Trading International Marketing l Arla UK Change Leadership Forum Arla UK functions Arla UK Compliance Committee Group Risk, Controls & Compliance ] • Includes all members of Arla Foods Umlted. Other UK entitles have additional board members. The Company's Board is comprised of the following appointed Directors, led by the Chairman of the Board; • Ash Amirahmadi (Group Vice President UK) (Chairman of the Board) • Peter Gi0rtz-Carlsen (Member of Group Executive Board and CCO Europe) • Morten Holm Jensen (Vice President Corporate Finance) (appointed in 2021, replaced by Mogens Kaspersen in April 2022) • Pauline Hogg (Senior Human Resources Director UK) • Simon Kin Man Ho (Vice President Finance UK) • Alison Rance (Vice President Production UK) (replaced by Anne-Frances Ball in August 2022) In addition to the above, Board meetings are also typically attended by the Vice President of Logistics UK, Head of Accounting UK, Head of Tax UK and the Head of Legal UK (Designated Company Secretary). The Board composition is as per the Group Corporate Governance Policy and compris~s an appropriate range and mix of skills, experience and array of credentials. Collectively there is over 50 years' experience of working within Arla, and each Director holds extensive experience across different industries and roles, primarily in the fast-moving co~sumer goods category. The Board has not appointed independent Non-Executive Directors. The nature of the Group as a farmer owned cooperative naturally reduces the necessity for non-Executive Directors and the Company is not required to appoint under internal policy or external requirements. The Board includes a member of the Group Executive Board, providing balance and accountability. Additionally, the Group only recently introduced two fully external advisors onto its Group BoD, and external Board members have not been deemed necessary historically. The Group will continue to assess the need for additional independent members at different Board levels. Overall the Group deems the Company Board composition, structure of Board meetings, and cross-section of attendees to be appropriate for the size and scope of UK operations, in the context of the Company within the wider Group cooperative. • Board meetings are scheduled in advance to take place quarterly. All board members are invited to attend and sufficient attendance is required for a meeting to proceed. Board packs, including a formalised agenda and pre-read, are circulated in advance of the meetings. The purpose of the meetings is to discuss a range of matters including legal entity financial performance, operational issues, health and safety matters, tax affairs and regulatory developments. Minutes are recorded of all meetings reflecting all discussions.    Additionally, Board duties are executed partially by sub-committees and senior leadership meetings which are attended by members of the Board. Regular committees include Commercial Leadership Team, UK Senior Leadership Team, Change Leadership Forum ("CLF"), Strategic Transformation Project Groups and UK Compliance Committee. The committees are attended by senior leaders of relevant business areas. Regular meetings of these committees ensure Directors are engaged in matters discussed and decisions taken in these committees. These committees operate under documented terms of reference which define the scope of authority of such committees. Each of these committees has a formal schedule of meetings. Committees can be created as new issues develop, such as during the pandemic, when a specific Covid Response Committee was established with representative members from around the business. Meetings were arranged at appropriate regular frequency. Key outputs of committee meetings are reported to the Board monthly, or more regularly where meetings are more frequent. Only certain matters are reserved for a formal decision by the Board of Directors. This ensures opportunity for further challenge and review of decisions requiring wider Board input. This facilitates focused challenge and influence across key operational areas. The structure of committees typically follows the functions within the operating model of the wider Group into which the UK is fully integrated. This approach allows the Board to contribute to the UK strategy and future planning and ensures Board involvement in meetings regarding the affairs of the Company, including performance reviews of individual brands and categories, development of products, pricing decisions, production and logistics decisions and strategic direction. The Company Board executes via Group led initiatives; For example, alignment of culture, strategy and values amongst the workforce, is heavily driven by the overall Group strategy, with these areas consistently and regularly communicated to employees via newsletters, Group intranet updates and conferences. UK Board members update their skills, knowledge and understanding of the business through regular meetings with functional heads, site visits, involvement with external institutes and via attendance of external seminars and training courses. All Directors have received refresher training over their roles and responsibilities as members of the Board. New Directors chosen following an assessment period and with due consideration before on-boarding formally through an induction process. External advisors are an option to be called upon where required by decision of the Board. Principle 3: Directors responsibilities The following section describes the accountability and responsibilities of the Board of Directors and how the Company's policies and procedures support effective decision-making and independent challenge. Board members have a clear understanding of their responsibilities and accountability. Decision making across the business is anchored in the Group methodologies and approach. Whilst the Board maintains oversight of key decisions, most are delegated to appropriate leadership representatives from each relevant operational function, in addition to input from Group where appropriate. Several supplemental meetings, including the committees mentioned in Principle 2, occur independently of the Board meetings. The meetings track strategic decisions, projects and initiatives as they progress. Decisions of material magnitude deemed higher risk, or more complex may ultimately be deferred to the Group EMT or BoD with involvement of Directors of the UK entity. For example, the UK Directors are regularly party to separate structured specific commercially focused meetings which cover market developments and strategy and involve relevant UK functional representatives. A range of topics are covered, driven by Group strategies but ultimately UK specific issues. As mentioned, Group committees will also govern certain aspects of the business such as remuneration. Information reviewed by the Board, in Board meetings or during committee meetings, is timely, relevant and includes all major KPls, financial and non-financial, required to efficiently manage the business and track progress against strategic goals. Appropriate actions will be taken by way of committee and relevant function where progress is significantly deviating from expectations. Financial information is stored in one enterprise resource planning system. Financial information is produced and owned by relevant functions by appropriately qualified individuals. The legal entity financial reporting is collated by the UK Accounting team, who are appropriately qualified, reporting directly to Group Corporate Finance, presenting quarterly financial updates to the UK BoD and producing external annual financial statements and reporting. Legal entity financial information is sent to the Group on a monthly basis in the format required for consolidation (in line with the Group accounting manual) and with relevant commentary provided by local accounting in conjunction with information from functional business controllers.    Controls over financial reporting are monitored and tested by the Group's Risk, Controls & Compliance ("RCC") function. RCC also considers existing and developing risks around the Group and will report the planned approach to implementing or testing relevant controls. RCC reports its findings monthly into the UK Compliance Committee ("UKCC"), which in turn can escalate topics to Board meetings as necessary. Group Corporate Finance also has oversight of financial reporting controls and quality of data, and runs projects to ensure controls are fit for purpose across the Group. Externally published legal entity financial information is subject to external audit from Ernst & Young LLP on an annual basis, both at Group level for the purposes of the consolidated annual financial statements and at Company level for the annual financial statements. Principle 4: Opportunity & risk The following section describes the Board's approach to promoting the long-term sustainable success of the Company by identifying opportunities to create and preserve value and describes how oversight for the identification and mitigation of risks has been established. Through reliance on Group risk and compliance management the Directors look to reduce uncertainty, mitigate adverse consequences of internal or external factors, capture opportunitles for the business to maximise value creation and ensure compliant business conduct. Measures are in place to identify, understand, assess and deal with risks effectively. The focus is on risks that may threaten the realisation of strategy and risks inherent in the business processes of the Group. The Group BoD has the overall responsibility for risk and compliance management and the Group's internal controls, but the UK Bob assumes relevant responsibilities from a statutory perspective, even if not directly in a BoD capacity but rather by way of each Directors responsibilities within their function. Individually material issues particularly relevant to the UK legal entity, but spanning multiple functions, such as Brexit and the pandemic, are monitored and discussed at both a UK and Group BoD level. The long-term strategy of the Company is shaped by the Group strategic direction and refined by input from the UK leadership team into the Board. The Future26 strategy includes a focus on seeking opportunities for scaling to grow, including a focus on key categories, where the UK is a key market. Future26 shapes the local strategy, strategic decision making and business activities in the UK. Opportunities that support Future26 receive the views of the UK BoD through the aforementioned committees, category and functional leadership teams, working groups, the CLF and top down from the Group via the EMT and ultimately from the Group BoD. The Arla Code of Conduct is adhered to by the Company and all colleagues globally must comply with all frameworks, policies and standards relevant to their roles. This is available from the Code of Conduct section at www.arla.com/ company/responsibility/code-of-conduct. The Code of Conduct defines principles for activities and expresses expectations of the Company's colleagues and business partners, and provides guidance on the responsibilities of each area of operations. Preventing violation of the Code of Conduct is secured through the internal controls framework, Internal controls are regularly assessed for effectiveness and adequacy by both Group RCC and given consideration by the UKCC. The internal controls environment is continually developed via system-embedded controls, segregation of duties monitoring and establishing and refining the over-arching policies and responses to risks, which are also ever evolving. Within controls, data privacy control points are subject to regular monitoring and review. The Code of Conduct and internal policies are communicated to employees via a range of activities, combining mandatory training programs and awareness announcements. All internal principles for business conduct are maintained in a central Policy Portal on the Arla intranet, available to employees. We operate a combined scheme of training; including e-learnings on major compliance matters (e.g. competition law, information security and GDPR) and 'classroom' training as appropriate. Openness and trust are among our core values and incorporated into the Code of Conduct. Employees are encouraged to report any violations observed. Concerns can be raised by reporting to relevant management, HR or RCC. Anonymous reporting is available and encouraged via the Group whistle-blower system, applying strict principles of confidentiality and non-retaliation. In 2021, the Group observed an insignificant increase in the number of reported fraud allegations compared to 2020. None of these investigations resulted in material financial losses to    Group, but provided valuable knowledge about the state of controls environment, which has proven to be strong.    The Group compliance reporting sequence is arranged in an annual cycle at various organisational levels. Compliance scores are reported quarterly into the EMT's monthly performance dashboard, and country specific reporting is shared with relevant local management. Final observations from all compliance activities and investigations in the year are reported in the Annual Compliance Report to the Group BoD. In 2021, the Group progressed internal controls and compliance processes, driven by the power of compliance KPls reporting and regular-dialogue within the business. The UK Board meetings include standing items covering an array of the most vital areas of UK activities. Deep dives into specific areas of risk are presented as required. Principle 5: Remuneration The following section describes the approach to executive remuneration and alignment to the long-term sustainable success of the Company. ., Remuneration paid to UK Directors for their services follows the standard approach for all colleagues of the Group. They are included in the annual "Calibration" process which is the Arla employee rating methodology. This methodology uses a matrix scale to rate individuals based on standardised leadership behaviours and performance criteria, benchmarked against Group-wide peers, with increasing variable pay levels available for highest performers. Long-term incentive plans are operated by the Group. The value of awards granted is derived from a number of variable factors of performance. The Company receives no direct charge for the related expenses, where a UK BoD member is awarded via such a plan. Executives in the UK are rated against Eurozone peers with appropriate senior stages of sign-off required. The UK Directors are therefore subject to the same calibration and senior approval of remuneration as all Arla employees. The Board therefore cannot influence its own remuneration, despite the absence of a formal committee. The levels of remuneration of the Board are deemed to be fair and competitive based on current market levels observed. Peter Girartz-Carlseri, as a member of the Executive Board is remunerated in a different way, as described within the Group's Consolidated Annual Report 2021 on page 54. However no remuneration is paid for services provided to the Company. Morten Holm Jensen is also not remunerated for his services to the Company. Principle 6: Stakeholder Relationships & Engagement This section describes how the Directors foster effective stakeholder relationships aligned to the Company's purpose, and how the Board has demonstrated its responsibility to ensure meaningful stakeholder engagement and considered their views when making decisions. In addition, how the Directors give regards to the matters set out in section 172(1) (a) to (f) and forms the Directors' statement required under section 414CZA of The Companies Act 2006 ("CA06"). The Directors consider they have performed their fiduciary duty, as stipulated under section 172 of CA06 in good faith to promote the success of the Company for the benefit of its members. Details of stakeholders, primary methods of engagement, why Directors consider engagement to be important, issues raised by stakeholders and actions taken as a result of the engagement are detailed below. They considered, amongst other matters: • the likely consequences of any decision in the long-term; • the interests of the Company's employees; • the need to foster the Company's relationships with suppliers, customers and others; • the impact of the Company's operations on the community and the environment; • the desirability of the Company maintaining a reputation for high standards and business conduct; and • the need to act fairly as between members of the Company. • The Board has considered its key stakeholders and the methods of engagement with each of those stakeholders, at • Board level and across the business. It receives regular reports from management to enable it to monitor the quality and effectiveness of the arrangements for stakeholder engagement. Specific examples of the way in which the Directors have performed their fiduciary duty are provided in the following section. The Board completed training to ensure that in preparing proposals for Board consideration, managers are aware of the section 172 requirements in Director decision making, ensuring that Directors have assurance that all relevant stakeholder interests and other relevant matters, are being set out for their consideration.    The Board understands good governance includes maintaining clear, effective, meaningful relationship with all relevant stakeholders including our customers, our colleagues, our Group owners, our farmer members, our suppliers and the communities and environments in which we operate. As a wholly owned subsidiary, the Board is committed to ensuring the UK is aligned to the long-term vision and mission of the Arla Foods Group; to seek out opportunities for growth, securing the highest value for the cooperative farmer owner's milk. The Group mission is to achieve this collectively, which requires more alignment of performance management and planning, but also by sharing a common future vision. The Group vision includes sustainability, aiming to reduce our negative impact on the world around us and increase our positive impact. Primarily, through the involvement of Peter.Gi0rtz-Carlsen and Morten Holm Jensen, the Board retains a significant direct link of communication through to both the Group BoD and BoR and Corporate Finance. This indirect link to farmer owners, contributes to the objective of the Company to align with the Group. Each Company Board member reports into a Group based senior figure within their respective functions. The Group consistently promotes engagement with all stakeholders and the Group BoD is responsible for stakeholder engagement with all cooperative stakeholders. The Board maintains commitment to promoting an active, open and honest approach to interactions with the Company's stakeholder community, including regular interaction with government and industry bodies. For example, 2021 brought interactions with Government with regards to the HGV driver shortage crisis. Mr Amirahmadi was recently announced as new chair of board of trustees of the Institute of Grocery Distribution. Our relationship with the media is also one of openness, honesty and is proactive. Colleagues Our UK business is home to around 3,800 colleagues. We recognise people are our most valuable asset. Our success is dependent on their efforts and investment into our people creates a culture that allows our business to thrive. The pandemic brought new unprecedented challenges to our colleagues, and safeguarding our employees was of paramount importance throughout, whilst providing support during ever changing circumstances. Why we engage our colleagues The Board holds strong beliet that engaging with our people is of key importance to successfully implementing its long-term strategies, aligned with the Group. Investing in our people is protecting our future and promoting our success. We want Arla to be a great, safe place for all our colleagues. Our people are our ambassadors, and our goal is for a proud and empowered workforce. Exciting our colleagues about our Future26 strategy and improving employe~ engagement are essential business priorities for the Company and Group in 2022 and beyond. How we engage our colleagues The Group policies and practices are applied locally. Our commitment to development of people is achieved via the Annual People Calendar. Our colleagues set meaningful objectives and hold regular dialogue meetings throughout the year ensuring focus on the most appropriate development areas and personal growth. Ongoing dialogue between managers and teams throughout the year is proactively encouraged. Dialogue meetings are guided and structured in a way that achieves the best outcomes for all. Our dedicated people section of the intranet contains a vast amount of resources to support these activities. • Our Annual colleague survey ("Barometer") gives our colleagues a voice within Arla. Barometer shapes the future direction of the Company and Group, creating strong foundations for future growth, and ensures continuous improvement by acting on the opinions of our people. Results sharing and action planning based on the outcome of Barometer is built into the People Calendar. Barometer results have been communicated to the Board and are viewed with importance in assessing levels of engagement, optimism and shaping the future to ensure opportunities for our people. Smaller, more regular surveys are also utilised to engage with our colleagues and gain further insights. Our dedicated UK employee handbook includes all our-related policies, and is issued to all our new colleagues. If breaches of policy are observed, a whistle blower hotline is available for anonymous reporting.    We are committed to continual investment in our relationship with our colleagues. Health & wellbeing has been even more of a focus during the recent past, whilst people adapted to changing circumstances and work from home situations. We provide health & wellbeing initiatives, host an extensive mental health awareness week, continually champion the importance of wellbeing, enable all to access a free-to-use wellbeing app "Thrive", increased levels and lines of communication across the Group and invest in our facilities at all of our sites to continue ensuring Covid-19 secure working environments, where applicable and possible. Internal IT resources have been shaped and improved to encourage even further collaboration, sharing of best practices, engagement and celebration of successes. The coming year will see our Diversity & Inclusion efforts ramp up, including inviting our colleagues to workshops as part of the "Diversity & Inclusion in Grocery" program run by GroceryAid. Health and safety of our colleagues and contractors is of paramount importance and key to our success. Health & safety is constantly monitored via appropriate KPls across sites. Safety and risk observations are encouraged to be logged by all colleagues, and will be acted on. During the year, workshops were held to encourage idea generation in respect of health & safety activities. In addition, Covid safe working environments were maintained throughout the pandemic across all sites. A culture of best practice sharing and innovation continues to enhance our workplace going forward. Our colleagues were supported by, clear, regularly updated Covid guidelines, and support for those individuals shielding. Post-covid, a new "flexible working" policy has been introduced, which enables our colleagues to work in a manner that suits their personal needs, ensuring the beneficial aspects of working from home are retained and through pre-agreed arrangements colleagues can be flexible in dividing work hours between home and office. Meanwhile the Change Leadership Forum continued to drive UK strategy via the leadership community across the business. Key messages from these quarterly meetings are delivered to teams across the business. The forum discussed the Future26 strategy, local initiatives and developed ideas as a community. Members of the Board routinely host and attend and input into the forums, as well as encourage inclusion in discussions. Monthly "Business & Talk" sessions continued, with the Directors updating colleagues on the most significant recent developments in the business and introduce changes. Interactivity with leadership at all levels of seniority is continually encouraged at these sessions which include opportunities for questions. Additionally, colle_agueswithin each function will be included in Group level functional updates occurring regularly. Group wide communications are also frequently hosted, and routinely include opportunity for an open Q&A. The Company publishes gender pay gap reporting externally on its website. The analysis and results of the reporting highlighted areas that informs our strategies with regards to gender pay equality. The publishing of this information is part of the Board commitment to improving engagement with stakeholders. In addition to our local initiatives, the Group maintains a set of principles in relation to diversity and inclusion applicable on a global level. For example, colleagues dedicated to creating a more diverse and inclusive workplace maintain a global employee resource group, the Arla Diversity & Inclusion Network. Further information about the Group approach to Diversity and Inclusion can be found in the Group's Consolidated Annual Report 2021 on page 55. The Company maintains an active and open relationship with workers unions. The Company recognises Unite, USDAW and GMB for collective bargaining purposes. The Company believes in the benefits of positive trade union relationships and we are working openly, honesty and constructively with our trade unions towards industry-leading relations and a successful business. The discussions and collaboration that we have with our trade unions influences the decisions that the Board takes on future policies and strategy. The Company's defined benefit pension scheme trustees are an ex-employee stakeholder. The trustees of the scheme closed to future accrual (of which Arla appoints the majority) set the investment strategy and have established a policy on asset allocation to best match the a·ssets to the liabilities of the schemes. The trustees appoint an independent external advisor to the schemes, responsible for advising on investment strategy and investing assets. The Company relationships with external advisors across a range of topics and issues remains key in ensuring the Company continues to act in the best interests of all related stakeholders, where internal resources required support from external expertise.    Customers and consumers The majority of our customer sales are to large UK based household name grocer retailers, both premium and value, who on sell to retail customers & consumers. Most of our customer sales are based on long-term relationships and long-term contractual agreements ..We sell a mixture of branded and retailer own label products. Our food service channel including our Arla Pro® offering, continues to be a high growth area for the Company, with key relationships with large third party restaurants and coffeehouses continuing to develop. Our e-commerce and wholesale customer base makes up the remainder. Our consumers are the end users of our products and services and continued engagement remains at the forefront of our strategic decisions. Why we engage our customers and consumers Our customer relationships are vital to our business and growth. Maintaining strong relationships via transparency and openness, and understanding our customers' wants and needs informs our business decisions and priorities. We build trust with our customers through acting with integrity, honesty and promoting effective communication. Our customers are interested in our long-term trading position as they seek guarantee of supply and consistency of product and pricing. Our sustainability strategy is important to our customers who seek to identify and minimise the environmental impact of their supply chain. Our customers are interested in our safety standards and our compliance with regulations as it impacts their reputation and confidence in the supply chain. Consumer needs define our strategic decisions. Ensuring we identify and embrace changing trends, and respond in a timely and effective way, is key to our continued engagement with our consumers and ultimately our collective success. How we engage our customers and consumers We maintain regular contact with all our customers at all levels within our business and across all channels. Dedicated managers are responsible for each customer relationship. Joint business plans are developed with key customers and we monitor progress. We monitor customer interactions, obtain regular feedback and analyse customer complaints. We conduct customer research to understand needs and wants of our customers and continually develop our capabilities to omprove the customer performance. The Group's Consolidated Annual Report 2021 provides our customers with important perspective on the performance of the Group as a whole and details on our overall strategy and business model. Our corporate website provides a wealth of important information on the activities of the Group including UK specific activities. Key topics of engagement during the year were in relation to product listings and distribution, promotional plans, pricing levels, and our joint business planning. We engage with our consumers through our digital channels such as our social media platforms, websites and e-commerce platforms. We perform extensive levels of consumer research to understand the needs of our consumers, and always have cons~mer needs in mind when making the important choices. Farmer owners and suppliers Arla is a farmer owned cooperative as described in the Governance section. Every farmer member has an investment in the cooperative. Our farmers are-also our primary supplier of our biggest raw ingredient, milk, which makes up half our cost base. Because our owners are also our key suppliers, earnings of the Group go back to the owners in the form of the highest possible milk performance price, which includes retained capital for further investment and payments for total milk supplied. Why we engage our farmer owners and suppliers Our farmers are our owners and without them we would not exist. The strategies of the Group are defined by our farmers via the cooperative governance model. Our farmers are one of most significant stakeholders, as both owners and suppliers. Owners are interested in ensuring the Company continues to fulfil its obligation to purchase every litre of milk produced by each and every member, at the same time paying an optimised performance price, maximising sustainable long term returns for owners. Furthermore, our sustainability commitments and targets cover our whole value chain from the farm up, and are a key part of Future26. Therefore, we must continue to engage with our farmers to collaborate on reducing our overall carbon footprint, via driving innovation across the dairy industry.    How we engage our farmer owners and suppliers Engagement with our farmers is achieved in a variety of ways. Each farmer is assigned a dedicated agricultural manager who operates out of our dedicated Member Relations team. Contact levels depend on the needs of the farmers and vary between remote and physical visits. Regular meetings take place annually where each farmer is invited to discuss Arla in general and canvas views. Member services will also send text reminders and emails each month on certain topics such as latest milk prices and forecasts. The Member service website is updated with latest news articles and gives our farmers another avenue to log concerns. Engagement with our farmer owners is achieved through regular and transparent internal reporting of our financial performance through to the EMT, Group BoD and BoR. The Company achieves this through our regular reporting to our Group owners, who then relay this information to the farmers through the Cooperative governance structure. When it comes to the supply of milk, we engage with our UK farmer members through our milk intake and the on-. account milk price they receive, which represents the average payment farmer owners receive per kilogram of milk delivered during the settlement period. We engage with our farmers over sustainability matters, including via our industry leading climate check initiative, to understand the status of the Arla on-farm carbon footprint and the big levers for improvement. Climate check data has been collected for the majority of our UK farmer members. The Arla UK 360 programme described in the Strategic report continues to bring vast benefits to our farmers. We continue to support the forging of stronger links between society and our farmers through initiatives such as Open Farm Sundays. • Our external suppliers The Board recognises the key role that our external suppliers of everything else excluding milk, play in ensuring the reliable delivery of products to our customers. Non-milk costs are estimated as half our cost base. From stationery, to machinery, to external advisory services, Group policies are applied in our selection of suppliers, and the business aims to only use approved suppliers, compliant with the Arla Code of Conduct, which gives confidence over our suppliers' practices. This all lends itself to more efficient relationships with our suppliers in terms of delivery, prompt payments and effective consolidation of ordering. Why we engage our external suppliers We want to be confident in the reliability and practices of our suppliers, ensuring our key supplier relationships are secure, with clear understanding of their needs and communication of ours. We require confidence in the compliance of our suppliers with evolving regulatory landscapes. We collaborate to understand the challenges our suppliers face and how we can·work with them towards solutions. In an increasingly sustainability focused world, these collaborations are of growing importance. How we engage our external suppliers We proactively manage our key supplier relationships and meet regularly, providing opportunity for strategic partners to voice challenges and understand ways we can collaborate towards solutions. We ensure expectations of suppliers are clear via Code of Conduct requirements. Our terms and conditions and payments policies are published on our website at www.arla.com/legal-information/payment-policy. Our procurement guidelines are followed by our procurement teams, prior to entering into supplier arrangements. Our Treasury function monitors our supplier creditors and invoice discounting is utilised where necessary. The Board engages where necessary in matters of external suppliers, e.g. decisions choosing suppliers, or discussions of significant issues or disputes. Again, such matters form part of the regular market review meetings taking place involving the Directors. Government and industry groups The Board aims for an open and transparent dialogue with the regulatory and industry bodies we collaborate with. We aim to maintain public trust in our industry through raising industry standards, for example with regards to climate change. We pride ourselves on our transparent relationship with HMRC and on maintaining our low risk tax status over several years. Our Group structure allows us to call on expertise on a global scale to ensure a valuable level of input is possible.    Why we engage with Government and industry groups We engage with Government bodies and industry groups for many reasons, not least to ensure industry standards are constantly improved ensuring trust is maintained. We ensure our own practices are compliant with the most up to date operating legislation to provide our customers with a trust in our food safety and quality. We actively engage with tax authorities to ensure good tax governance and compliance with tax legislation. In recent years we engaged with Government bodies regarding multiple key issues, including the impact of the pandemic on the dairy industry, impacts of Brexit, including inputs to the UK driver shortage more recently and acceleration of the sustainability agenda and talent retention in our industry. How we engage with Government and industry groups The Board takes a proactive approach to engaging with Government wherever possible. We collaborate with industry groups to provide input and perspectives from our business that leads to actions and decisions to continually improve the standards and practices in our industry. As a recent example, Mr Amirahmadi has taken a role as chair of the Institute of Grocery Distribution. We innovate with new policies that lead the way in terms of innovation. The Board takes proactive steps to inform Government tax authorities of our planned actions within the UK and maintains transparency of its activities. Our UK tax team is globally integrated to ensure transparent dialogues are maintained globally. We approach our interactions with a view to minimise negative impacts that may occur due to changing policies. External environment Sustainability is a cornerstone of Aria's strategy for the next 5 years and beyond. Arla aims at delivering healthy and nutritional dairy products to consumers and is committed to do so with a constantly reducing environmental impact. Achieving the mission to secure the highest value for our farmer owner's milk while creating opportunities for growth, requires delivering on environmental and social performance. The Group presents its Environmental, Social and Governance performance within the Group's Consolidated Annual Report 2021. The Group approach to sustainability, and how this shapes the Company strategies is discussed in more detail in the Purpose & Leadership section above. Further information can be found in the sustainability section of the Company website at www.arlafoods.co.uk. The Company is aligned on sustainability as a crucial part of strategy. The Board considers the external environment in several ways; We are constantly taking steps to achieve sustainability goals, from reducing on-farm carbon emissions and supporting natural eco-systems, improving energy efficiency in the supply chain, reducing environmental impacts of production and packaging, to reducing food waste and promoting the positivity of dairy through nutritious products and education programmes. Recent examples of actions supporting and driving sustainability, and our specific initiatives supporting the strategy and how we are aligned with the Group sustainability targets, are presented within the Performance review section of the Strategic report and within our Streamline energy and carbon reporting within the Directors report on page 12. In addition to our commitment to environmental sustainability ambitions, the Company is committed to a societal ambition, recognising the important role we play in society, and using our responsibility to support stronger people. We achieve this through product innovation, inspiring healthy choices in diets, resulting in happier lives. Bringing affordable nutrition to low income consumers is central to our strategy. In addition we continue to combat food poverty via our partnerships in the UK, supporting local charities through our donations and fundraising. As mentioned in the Strategic report, the Company supported our nation throughout the pandemic through multiplE;!initiatives aimed at feeding the nation, supporting our key workers and the most vulnerable in society. We are proud of our continued longstanding partnerships with FareShare and Magic Breakfast, which continue to scale every year. Our food donations represent the largest by any UK food manufacturer. Another example is our annual participation in the 'Mission Christmas' scheme donating gifts at Christmas time to Cash for Kids, a charity for disadvantaged children. The Company is an active supporter of Grocery Aid, a charity supporting the wider Grocery industry on a national scale. The Company launched the 'Milk Your Moments' campaign by UK dairy workers and farmers in support of mental health charity, Mind during the past year.    Board decision making The Board has made numerous key decisions during the year, be it directly through its Board meetings or via delegation to a committee. The Board has remained mindful of the potential impacts on key stakeholders and factored their needs and concerns into all discussions and decision making in accordance witti s 172 of the Companies Act 2006. Not all stakeholders are impacted by all decisions. Some decisions may result in conflicting needs of stakeholders, and the Board has ensured fairness in its decision making. The Group also has involvement in decisions that carry material impact at Group level. Major decisions, actions and considerations during the year include the following (not ranked): • Approved the 2020 Annual accounts and financial statements; • Approved the UK tax strategy, the UK annual tax report and received updates on key tax topics including oyr low risk status with HMRC; • Participated in Brexit impact management contributing to long-term Brexit strategy; • Collaborated with Government over the HGV driver shortage in the UK; • Reviewed detailed analysis of costs, benefits, timelines and budgets of future projects and approved projects that will promote the future of the Company; • • Contributed to the sustainability targets, decisions and actions of the Group via efforts in the UK; • Updated the Arla UK defined benefit pension plan trustees regarding the Company's performance; • Agreed on the Company contribution to the Group Future26 five-year strategy and launched the strategy in the UK; and • Maintained a level of communication and collaboration with our UK colleagues throughout the Covid-19 pandemic and Omicron variant wave of disruption and restrictions. The following describes how principal decisions during the year have been made by the Board and how consideration has been given to the key stakeholders affected. • Principal decision: Approval of the Company's 2022 business plan and forecasts and the Company's contributions to the Future26 five-year strat~gy The BoD developed the 2026 strategy for the Company collaborating with the Group and building up plans with involvement of all functional departments. The development of plans involved identification of our key stakeholders' needs across Groups, our key industry risks and macroeconomic risks and trends. The Board has developed the local focus areas from the Future26 strategy, including identifying key performance indicators and strategic direction in a UK context. In addition to the long-term strategy a shorter term forecast for the coming year has been developed, which will drive our actions and direction in the near term. Stakeholder groups and other section s172 duties considered with this decision: • Colleagues • Customers • Consumers • Farmer owners and corporte owners (Arla Group) • Long-term success • Reputation Principal decision: Company response to the pandemic The BoD ensured the Company followed Global Arla and UK guidelines throughout the early stages of the pandemic. Clear steps were taken to continue to accommodate home-working and safe return to the office. Leadership communications ensured our work force was informed, reassured and empowered. On all our sites, operating to the highest standards already as one of Britain's biggest food suppliers, social distancing measures, availability of personal protective equipment, hand washing and sanitising stations established during 2020 remained throughout 2021. Social areas remained adapted to enable continuity of our critical business processes. Continuity of production lines and the safety of our products remained our top priority. Communication with our colleagues via survey, Q&A and line manager were key to monitor issues arising from shifting circumstances, and carefully manage our return to offices.    Social distancing measures at head office were in place as necessary, including hand sanitizer stations, signposting, seating policies and frequent routine cleaning, guidelines on meeting rooms, guidance on use of facemasks, procedures in the car park, and sign in/out policies, and guidance on external visitors. Measures were phased in and out as circumstances dictated, and as the third national lockdown was introduced and phased out in the early part of 2021. The health & well-being of our colleagues remained our number one priority throughout 2021. We recognised the importance of availability of a safe working environment and a careful return to work. The pandemic provided the opportunity for us to revise our modern working policy, devel.oping a forward thinking policy encouraging our colleagues to utilise office spaces in a way that supports their health & well-being. Throughout the pandemic, the welfare of our colleagues has remained the number one priority. This extends far beyond the ability to.perform roles, to the mental arid physical welfare of our people. We benefited from.the strength of our existing initiatives, and ensured their availability and awareness was given highest priority. The wider Group also provided support across the board to ensure teams were adapting to the conditions brought about by the pandemic. In addition to the welfare of our colleagues, the pandemic continued to impact our strategic decisions and operations. Whilst the unprecedented spikes in demand were not observed to the same levels as in 2020, the third national lockdown in January 2021 due to the Omicron variant concerns, continued to bring a heightened level of demand as more frequent instances of home-cooking and consumption persisted. Our production levels continued to be carefully monitored and adjusted as necessary in response to the changing market demands. Our supply chain maintained its monumental efforts to continue to meet the higher levels of demand and was successful in doing so in early 2021. And as the nation exited restrictions, Food Service demand began to return, which again required careful management, planning and monitoring throughout the business to meet the changing requirements of our customer base. Stakeholder groups and other section s172 duties considered with this decision: • Colleagues • Customers • Consumers • Reputation impact • Long-term impact    Principal decision: UK property & site decisions As the Company has grown over the years, its site portfolio expanded. As operations are streamlined and efficiencies are identified, production and distribution has consolidated into our long term strategic locations. This resulted in a number of closed sites under its ownership, in addition to strategic land holdings adjacent to existing sites. As long-term plans are developed, the fate of each site has been decided by the Bo□. During 2021, further actions and decisions were taken in respect of our sites. The Bo□ decision was taken to sell our site in Llandyrnog, Wales, further streamlining our property portfolio and generating a profit on disposal. As a result of the conditions of sale of land adjacent to our Aylesbury site completed in a previous year, overage income was generated for the Company during the year in connection to the new land owner securing long-term leases. The related income has been recognised in the year. More details can be found in the Strategic report. This year saw the completion of our new production site at Settle. Production of Lacto-free products commenced at the site during 2021. Related assets were reclassified from Assets under construction into Land & buildings, and depreciation commenced based on Group policy for useful lives of a buildings and assets.    During the year, following a significant decline in site volumes over a sustained number of years, the BoD decision was made to cease production at our Trevarrian Creamery in Cornwall. The difficult step was taken to close the site fallowing a period of consultation, with 37 individuals effected. The site produced cheese under local brands and private label and represented just under 2% of Aria's total UK cheese production volumes. Instability in demand brought about by the pandemic and a loss of key contracts meant that maintaining production at the site was no longer financially viable. The directors explored multiple options to continue the use of the site but no alternative to closure could be identified. Following closure of the site, the related assets were impaired down to recoverable amounts based on offers received for the site and reclassified as assets held for sale. The BoD are exploring ways to enhance the sustainability of our remaining site portfolio. This included full roll out of LED lighting across all sites to save energy, and enhancing our combined heat and power capabilities to create efficiencies. Driving further sustainable improvements remain!;,a key priority for us; and we have an ambition for achieving carbon neutral operations at Settle in future. Stakeholder groups and other section s172 duties considered with this decision: • Colleagues • Financial impact • Long-term impact • Reputational impa
