    Corporate gove·rnance arrangements Arva) UK is committed to promoting the highest standards of corporate governance; and has practices in place to_support the Board in achieving sustainable value,_ Board effectiveness and, as applicable, to ensure consistency and alignment with the wider Arva) Group's goals. For the year ending 2021, Arva) UK applied the Wates Corporate.Governance Principles for Large Private Companies (published by the Financial Reporting Council 'FRC' in December 2018) (the "Wates _Principles").    Purpose and Leadership Arva) has formalised a 'company purpose' that serves as a reminder of its mission and ethics. It also. explains how Arval takes societal challenges into· account in its operations as well as emphasising its ambition to be a leader in sustainable mobility. Arva) UK is a vehicle leasing and mobility company whose purpose is to improve people's lives through personalised, sustainable and seamless journeys. Central to this is offering convenient, efficient and flexible mobility solutions. Arva) UK's strategy identifies the individuality of each stakeholder, and it believes. in fostering understanding and trust with an open approach to communication .. Strategy The Arva) Group launched its new strategy 'Arva) Beyond' in October 2020. The strategy spans the period to 2025 and supports the evolution of its business model, taking it from a full-service leasing company to a leader in all sustainable mobility solutions including the car. _The Arva) UK Board has adopted the global strategy and is committed to delivery by offering an integrated mobility experience for customers, providing them support during the energy transition (to electrified vehicles), simplicity through connected and flexible products and services, and co-building added value and innovative offers with new partners. Supported by the Board, Arva) UK now has a· dedicated resource to translate and embed the wider Arva) group and BNP Paribas CSR ambition across all aspects of the_business. Values and Culture The Board is committ~d to a people first culture with the employee experience a key strategic area. It provides strong support to the Human Resources Director as the' company continues to build its focus on    developing di;ersity and an inclusive culture. Community engageme~t, environmental sustainability all form part of the company's strategy .. social responsibility and The Customer Experience (CX) programme, established in 2020, continues to inform how Arva! UK enhances its customer experience. As discussed below the company en·gages regularly with its customers .and acts on the outcomes to continue to inform how it can best meet its purpose . . Arva! UK's Code of Conduct sits at the heart of every action and guides all decisions at all levels of the organisation, informing how business is done. Upholding Arva! UK's values is essential for pursuing its strategy whilst safeguarding the trust of customers, shareholders and the wider community. Training on the Code of Conduct, as well as the Senior Managers Regime conduct rules, takes place for every director, employee, contractor and temporary staff member. On a day-to-day basis the Executive Committee. are r~sponsible for defining the culture. of the company . and through the Human Resources Director and Managing Director report regularly to the Board. Individual Senior Managers have an important part to play in establishing and embedding the right culture and governance, and to improve the standard of conduct at all levels of the company. As such, appropriate • training and development is.in place to enable this. Board Composition The Chair of the Board is employed by the company's parent company, Arva! Service Lease SA His. principal responsibility is to provide effective leadership to the Board, ensuring that it has the appropriate balance of skills and experience and that it operates effectively in the discharge of its responsibilities. The . Chair works with the Company Secretary to plan the agenda for Board meetings. To ensure that adequate time is available for Board. discussion and to enable informed decision- making, briefirig papers are prepared and circulated to directors a week prior to scheduled Board meetings. Board appointments and succession plans are based on merit and obJective criteria promoting diversity of gender, social and ethnic backgrounds as w'ell as cognitive and personal strengths. The Board is committed to boardroom diversity and ensuring it has the appr9priate .balance of skills, experience, independence and knowledge of Arval UK· to enable directors to discharge 'their respective duties and responsibilities effecdvely. Led by the Chair, the Board assesses the suitability of its composition on an annual basis, in light of its underlying activities and by use of a skills matrix, in lirie with BNP•·Paribas Group's Suitability Policy and Arval UK's Corporate Governance Policy. The Company Secretary; at the ~equest of the Chair, also conducts a periodiG Board effectiveness· review with recommended improvements reported to the Board. In 2021, the Board comprised of six individuals (including the Chair) with diverse skills, external and international experience and a strong knowledge of the business; one of the directors is employed by another entity within the BNP Paribas group in the UK. Identified gaps in specific knowledge are closed off by advisors the Board can consult with as well as targeted training. Whilst diver:,ity has improved with • the appointment of Lakshmi Moorthy as Managing Director, and a company director in the first part of the year, there is however still a need for greater gender and ethnic diversity and strategies are in place to combat this, including through a number of talent programmes. The majority of directors are subject to the requirements of the Financial Conduct Authority's Senior Managers Regime, including the conduct rules and must satisfy requirements relating to their fitness and propriety .. All directors are provided with periodic training both collectively and individually with a number of sessions made available to all directors in 2021 including a refresh .on directors' duties and on local    regulations: Arva) UK continues to review its director induction and training programme to assist the directors in having a detailed understanding of their duties and responsibilities as well as the company's governance arrangements. Directors Responsibilities The Board has adopted a Corporate Governance Policy which is reviewed regularly. The Policy sets out • the governance arrangements for Arva) UK and the role and responsibilities of the directors; as well as those of management and the Company Secretary. • The Board aligns Arval UK's values, standards, strategic aims and appetite to risk with the BNP Paribas Group after ensuring they are in Arva) UK's interest. The directors act in good faith, in what they honestly· believe to be the best interests of Arva! UK, .and not for any collateral purpose. Directors' conflicts of interest are checked annually. The Board convenes for at leastthree Board meetings per year, has additional meetings as required and regular business review meetings with management. Directors will both individually and collectively consult with and challenge the wider Arva) Grnup on alignment issues. Arva) UK does not have Board Committees. The Executive Committee, chaired by the Managing Director is delegated responsibility for the day to day operation and general management of Arva) UK. The Managing Director communicates the strategic objectives and values to the company. The Executive Committee escalates matters to the Board in accordance with its Terms of Reference. Throughout 2021 the Board received regular reports and information from the business both in and outside Board meetings. This included information on regulatory changes, current risks and opportunities, financial performance, operational issues and market conditions. Opportunity and Risk In· implementing its strategy Arva) Beyond, the directors are leveraging work done by the wider Arval Group in identifying. opportunities for the UK business in sustainable mobility solutions. for Arval UK's customers. A comprehensive set of annual plans are prepared by Arva) UK each year covering the three maih operational areas - Sales & Marketing, Operations and Remarketing. These plans are discussed and agreed with the wider Arval Group and constitute the base .for the annual budget approved by the Board. Key metrics and financials for the year are also reviewed (subst:4uent to the annual budget) every quarter in the form ofthe quarterly Forecast exercise, which is when the Board factors in all new risks and opportunities that have become known during the year, to ensure it is continuously managing risks and maximising opportunities. Throughout the year Arva] UK takes a balanced approach to opportunity and risk, and both are tabled for discussion at Board meetings. In 2021 the Board had a particular focus on the impact of the pandemic on Arva! UK and its customers, suppliers and employees with dedicated agenda items. Remuneration Arva! UK's directors are not remunerated for their role on the Board. Senior management and employees are .employed by Arva) UK's parent company Arva! UK Group Limited. There are transparent and clearly defined pay zones dependent on role which define salary and bonus payments. The latter are also dependent ori company and individual performance. In addition, some employees may be entitled to commission payments under an agreed commission s.cheme.    Stakeholder Relationships and Engagement The Board believes in overseeing meaningful engagement and fostering open and strong relationships with all stakeholders: Arva] Service Lease SA, the company's ultimate parent company within the Arval group, customers, suppliers, business.partners and local communities as well as empl9yees, who are employed by Arva] UK's parent company Arva] UK Group Limited. The UK branch of the Company's ultimate parent is also an important stakeholder, with management involvement in various cross-entity · UK committees (for example the Managing Director participates in the UK Retail Exco) and periodic guest attendance by the UK Head of Territory at the Company's Board meetings. In addition, there is regular liaison to share best practices and learnings with other BNP Paribas companies in the UK. The Board is actively engaged with ensuring customers stay connected. Arva] UK regularly holds Customer Fora to obtain insights and feedback from customers. Throughout the year Arva!'UK ruris its Net Promoter Insight programme, which in turn generates an NPS (Net Promotor Score) from its customers. Arva] UK also runs a Post Event-Survey Insight programme for drivers across its Corporate and Retail customer segments, which in tum generates CSA T (Customer Satisfaction Scores). These programme are used by Arva] UK to gauge customer and driver loyalty and satisfaction. Arval UK's Account Managers and Customer Service Teams speak directly with Corporate and Retail customers and drivers about their feedback, irrespective of the outcome, as part of the closed loop process. All insight is translated into actions plans which are owned and actioned across the ·business. The Arva! UK Board is committed to social responsibility and environmental sustainability. Arva! UK's Head of CSR started in role at the beginning of202I with a focus on refreshing the company's CSR strategy. Several initiatives were delivered during the course of the year to help both Arva! and its customers contribute toward their sustainability goals, in particular the transition to greener mobility: Arva! UK is fully committed to working together with suppliers to ensure it delivers CSR in a meaningful way. Arva! UK does this by consistently engaging with suppliers and has developed a comprehensive action plan to maintain and enhance the delivery of environmental, sustainable and socially aware products, services and activities both now and into the future. CSR is embedded into Board reports and scheduled for a dedicated discussion at the Board on an annual basis. • In ~onjunction with the BNP Paribas Group, Arval UK supports the United Nation's Sustainable Development Goals ($DG), and regularly highlights by w_ayof a.robust internal communications programme the SDGs being supported through our various business, charitable and volunteering activities~ A new Philanthropy Policy was launched during the year to ensure alignment with commitments to the SDGs, and embed a stronger governance framework .
