    Wates corporate governance principles for large private companies Introduction The Companies (Miscellaneous Reporting) Regulations 2018 req~ire certain large companies to include a statement as to which corporate governance code has been applied and how during the financial year. ASDA Stores Limited (the "Company") qualifies for this disclosure and has adopted the Wates Corporate Governance Principles for Large Private Companies (published by the Financial Reporting Council (FRC) in December 2018 and available on the FRC website), which incorporates 6 key principles: Purpose & Leadership, Board Composition, Director Responsibilities, Opportunity & Risk, Remuneration and Stakeholder Relationships & Engagement. Role of ASDA Group Limited ASDA Group Limited, the immediate parent undertaking of the Company, is not required by the regulations to report on which corporate governance code it has applied but it plays an important role in the governance of the operations of the Company. The narrative below therefore discusses the governance arrangements of the Company and how its governance arrangements interact with ASDA Group Limited's governance arrangements, given that a holistic view of the Company's governance arrangements would not be visible if the focus were limited to the Company. Similarly, it is relevant to highlight the role of the board of Bellis Topco 2 Limited ("Bellis Topco 2" or "Bellis") which is also not required by the regulations to report on which corporate governance code it has applied. Bellis Topco 2 is a wholly owned subsidiary of the Company's ultimate parent company, Bellis Topco Limited. The board of Bellis Topco 2 comprises key representatives of the investors, specifically TDR Capital LLP, Mohsin and Zuber Issa and Walmart, Inc. The directors of Bellis meet regularly and have oversight of the operation of the Company and the ASDA group of companies (the "Group"). In addition, certain Company and Group decisions require approval by board of directors of Bellis. The Company is the principal trading entity within the Group. The principal activity of the Company is included in the Strategic Report. ASDA Group Limited has established an executive committee (the "Executive Committee"), which consists of Mohsin Issa, the Chief Financial Officer ("CFO"), the Chief People and Corporate Affairs Officer, the Senior Vice President ("SVP") - Retail Operations, the SVP - Chief Commercial Officer Food, the Managing Director - George; the SVP - E-Commerce, Chief Transformation Officer, the Chief Customer Officer and the General Counsel and Company Secretary. The Executive Committee meets both monthly and weekly to discuss and make operational decisions relating to the C~mpany which are in turn implemented by the directors of the Company (the "Board"). Purpose and Leadership Mission, Purpose and Strategy Our primary strategy is designed to provide great value for money. Our strategy is to maintain and extend our advantage in offering value for money and increasing our appeal to existing and potential shoppers by ensuring that our prices are competitive. We aim to provide a consistent, trusted experience, incentivising customers not to shop elsewhere, through the creation of attractive store propositions and partnerships that increase our appeal to customers. We serve our customers with our team of flexible and engaged colleagues, while increasing the number of self-serve opportunities and transforming the in-store experience. We focus our growth where customers care, expanding our addressable markets in online grocery, wholesale and community convenience.    Beliejr, Values and Culture The Company's strategy has been developed to deliver the purpose. Similarly, the Company has developed and adopted specific values and a culture which also supports delivery of the purpose. The Company observes four core values: • Service to customers; • Respect for the individual; • Strive for excellence; and, • Act with integrity. These values are deeply embedded across the business and are supported by "Being ASDA,,, a set of behaviours which are expected to be adopted and demonstrated by all colleagues across stores, distribution centres and home offices: • I have a customer mindset; • I am results orientated; • I am a team player; • I engage people; • I am innovative; and, • I do the right thing. These behaviours are key to the Company's culture and are embedded in the Company's ways of working. These behaviours are exhibited by the Board and the Executive Committee and various mechanisms have been adopted to ensure that these behaviours are continually communicated to colleagues, such as through inductions, ongoing training, appraisals and company-wide briefings. The Company also seeks to recruit colleagues who are aligned to these values by assessing a potential candidate's suitability for a particular role based on these behaviours. Importantly, the Company appraisal process measures not only what colleagues have delivered but how they have delivered against these behaviours. The Board and Executive Committee monitor culture through a bi-annual colleague "Your Voice" survey. This provides colleagues with the chance to provide anonymous feedback and helps the Board and Executive Committee to take action to address any colleague concerns and feedback, as well as any issues with levels of engagement with the Company, its strategy, its culture and each colleague's role in that journey. The survey and any resulting action plans have Board and Executive Committee input and visibility, which ensures the Board and Executive Committee are closely monitoring colleagues' views and company culture. Details as to how engagement with colleagues impacts decision-making can be found in the Section 172 statement within the Strategic Report. Other key means of maintaining open and constructive communication and engagement between colleagues, the Board and Executive Committee include: "colleague voice" (a working group focused on making improvements to the working environment for colleagues), Our Inclusion Network and Inclusion Working Groups (a working group focused on creating an inclusive culture which supports colleagues to thrive and reach their full potential), regular company-wide business meetings and interaction with trade unions. The Company also has a well-established process for colleagues to report misconduct and other unethical behaviour. Colleagues can report such matters via email to the ethics team, by telephone using the ethics hotline or through the ethics website. The methods for reporting are well publicised around home offices and colleague areas in stores and depots. Reports can be made anonymously and are confidential. Furthermore, the Company ope~ates a policy of no retaliation to protect colleagues and encourage them to report any unethical behaviours, without the threat of repercussion. The ethics policy is also aligned with the ASDA behaviours noted above. ASDA Group Limited has also established a committee (further detail of which is included below) which includes responsibility for ethics.    Board and Executive Committee communications to colleagues of the Company's performance is delivered regularly through a variety of methods including monthly leadership meetings, regular company-wide meetings and company-wide email communications from the Executive Committee and colleague communications team. There is an established process for weekly team huddles where key business perfonnance data and key business news is cascaded to all areas of the Company. The Company also engages with employee representatives and trade unions where applicable to ensure that the best interests of the employees are considered. For further detail of the Company's engagement with trade unions please see the Section 172 statement within the Strategic Report. The Company is also committed to supporting the wider community and its external stakeholders. For example, the Company and its affiliate charity The ASDA Foundation donate to sevcnil national and local charities to provide a positive contribution to the communities in which the Company operates. Furthermore, the Company is fully aware of its environmental responsibilities and has recently enacted several initiatives to reduce the impact it may have on the environment, including a commitment to being a net zero carbon business by 2040; continued reductions in our carbon footprint through initiatives on energy use and fuel consumption; and exploring ways to deliver continued reductions in packaging waste and food waste. For further details please see Section 172 within the Strategic Report.    Board and Executive Committee Composition Oversight of the Company's Board of Directors is provided by the Executive Committee of Asda Group Limited and the Bellis Topco 2 Board, with authority formally delegated to a number of committees established during the year which are detailed below. Executive Committee of ASDA Group Limited As noted above, the Executive Committee plays a key role in the Company's governance; it makes the key decisions affecting the Company. The below section therefore focuses on the composition and decision-making arrangements of the Executive Committee. Chair Meetings of the Executive Committee and the Company are chaired by Mohsin Issa, who is responsible for the board's overall effectiveness, promoting open debate and facilitating constructive discussion. Balance, Diversity, Size & Structure This size and composition of the Executive Committee is appropriate for the size and nature of the business. In particular, each of the Company's key business functions are represented in Executive Committee meetings and each member is highly skilled and experienced in the function that they represent. The variety of backgrounds, skills, experience and knowledge ensures decisions relevant to the Company are being made in a diverse forum. The diversity of thought and expertise provided by the respective Executive Committee members promotes balanced and holistic decision making which assesses the impacts of decisions on the various stakeholders who have an interest in the operations of the Company and who are affected by the decisions made. The structure of the Executive Committee enables effective long-term decision-making which in turn supports delivery of the Group's (and therefore the Company's) strategic objectives. In turn, the size and composition of the Company board is appropriate for the implementation of the decisions made by the Executive Committee. It is considered that the directors of the Company have the appropriate balance of background, skills, experience and knowledge to make and execute Company decisions, working closely with the wider Executive Committee. The scrutiny, review and support provided by the board of Bellis Topco 2 provides an appropriate amount of independent rigour and challenge to the operation and decisions of the Executive Committee and the Company. This includes participation in appointments to the Board and Executive Committee, monitoring the effectiveness of the Board and Executive Committee and implementation of governance approval procedures. The Executive Committee and the Company observe a Diversity and Inclusion policy. The Executive Committee and the directors of the Company continuously strive to increase diversity at all levels of the organisation. There are also several committees which oversee key areas (see further detail provided in the Directors' Responsibilities section).    Effectiveness The Executive Committee members have a formal appraisal process twice annually which considers performance and reward. Furthermore, there are periodic evaiuations of the constitution and effectiveness of the Executive Committee and additional appointments are made where necessary to deliver the appropriate diversity and expertise. The Company is committed to on-going professional development of its employees, which includes the Executive Committee members. This is delivered through a variety of means such as mentoring programmes, officer development days and various Company training courses, which ensure that employees of the Company (including members of the Executive Committee), have the most up to date knowledge and skills to ensure they are effective in their roles. In addition, our leading ASDA principles give a clear and compelling articulation of what it means to be a great leader in ASDA. These include: Be obsessed about our purpose and our customers, Invest our resources where it matters most, Play for one team, Start with why, connect and make it real, Be bold, move, fail and learn fast and Build a business that makes you proud. These principles ensure that leaders across all levels in ASDA are giving due thought to being an effective leader. For further details on how the Board and Executive Committee engage with the Company's stakeholders and promote the success of the Company, please refer to the Section 172 Statement.    Director Responsibilities Accountability The members of the Executive Committee receive a detailed on-boarding pack upon appointment detailing their accountabilities and obligations. Individual responsibilities are clearly defined by the HR team and any changes to an Executive Committee member's areas of responsibility and/or reporting lines are briefed to the whole business via colleague email communications. The business as a whole therefore has a clear understanding of each Executive Committee member's responsibilities and remit. Where individuals are directors of separate legal entities within the Group, they are aware of their responsibilities regarding each of these legal entities. Furthermore, the Executive Committee observe detailed corporate governance procedures and policies. This sets out clear guidelines as to which internal stakeholders within the Company and ownership structure need to be informed, consulted with or be the approver of, certain matters, which ensure that there are appropriate checks and balances before making decisions. The corporate governance framework also allowed the ultimate parent companies during the year to provide independent challenge to the Board and Executive Committee during its review and consideration of any matter that required approval of the Bellis Topco 2 board.    Committees Members of the Board and Executive Committee chair the following committees: the (i) Compliance, Ethics, Risk & Audit Committee (CERA); (ii) Real Estate and Investment Committee; (iii) ASDA Money & Mobile Committee; (iv) Liquidity & Risk Management Committee; (v) Disclosure Committee; (vi) Asda Nomination & Remuneration Committee. ASDA Group Limited remains responsible for all decisions taken by the respective committees. The purpose of each committee is summarised below: • The CERA committee reviews and monitors the Company's system of internal controls and risk management, internal audit process and compliance with laws, regulations and ethical codes of practice. • The Real Estate and Investment Committee oversees the Group's (including the Company) capital expenditure programme and certain real estate matters. • The Asda Money & Mobile Committee has oversight of Asda's Money and Mobile business division, which consists of customer-facing financial products and mobile offering. • The Liability and Risk Management Committee is a governance and advisory body with respt--ctto cash, liquidity, financial risk management, and any other area relating to risks arising out of financial transactions. • The Disclosure Committee considers the materiality of the impact of Group information on the investment decisions of investors, assists in the timely determination of disclosure obligations and disclosure controls and procedures. Items discussed and decisions taken by the Disclosure Committee in relation to external financial information published during the year at the ASDA Group Limited level of consolidation and, subsequent to the year end, at the Bellis Finco PLC level of consolidation, may be relevant to financial information published by the Company. • The Asda Nomination & Remuneration Committee leads the process for Asda Group senior management appointments, including remuneration, planning orderly succession and developing a diverse and sustainable pool of talent. These committees operate under clearly documented terms of reference which clearly define the scope of authority of such committees. The remit of the committees is regularly reviewed, and the terms of reference are updated as and when required. The committees are also attended by senior leaders and subject matter experts of the relevant business area. The Executive Committee, including directors of the Company, are actively engaged in the decisions of these committees as they attend certain of these committee meetings. In addition, the output of all committee meetings is reported to the Executive Committee. Certain key business matters relevant to the Company are reserved for approval by Bellis (and previously Walmart). The directors of the Company and the Executive Committee observe this and ensure that any matters falling within that remit, are considered in the correct forum. Integrity of information The Executive Committee are provided with pre-read materials (all the materials to be presented during the meeting) in advance of meetings to ensure optimal use of meeting time. This includes a view of all key aspects of the Group and its performance and includes a review of performance against agreed key performance indicators across the core areas of the Group. The financial information presented is prepared at the consolidated ASDA Group Limited level, which includes the revenues, operating expenses and cashflows of the Company. In relation to financial reporting, the Board and Executive Committee have established formal and robust internal processes which ensure that the systems and controls in place are operating effectively. This ensures the quality and integrity of information provided to the Board and the Executive Committee is reliable, which allows for better and more informed decision making.    The Board and Executive Committee are responsible for identifying and managing risks, and has an established control framework in place, referred to as the Internal Control over Financial Reporting (ICFR) framework. This framework is based on Committee of Sponsoring Organisations (COSO) principles, a globally recognised controls framework, covering 5 key areas: • Control Environment - tone is set from the top, ensuring ethical behavior and enforces accountability • Risk Assessment - identifies risks and analyses changes • Control Activities - selects and develops control activities including rT controls and deploys through policies and procedures • Communication and Information - uses relevant and accurnte information which is communicated internally and externally • Monitoring - conducts ongoing and specific evaluations, and communicates deficiencies A formal review of all material financial processes is carried out by the Internal Controls team to ensure that controls in those process have been designed effectively. Key controls within this framework, including IT controls, are tested annually. Any deficiencies in design or operation of controls are reported to the CERA Committee who monitor that appropriate and timely resolution actions are taken. In the ICFR framework, the Company operates a robust 3 lines of defence model. Control owners perform the controls, these controls are monitored by the Internal Controls team as the second line, and independent assurance is provided by the Internal Audit function, acting as the third line of defence. Opportunity and Risk . In order to promote the long-term sustainable success of the Company, the Board and Executive Committee identify both risks and opportunities to achieving this. Further detail on how the Board and Executive Committee achieve this is included below. Risk The Company has a risk management programme which facilitates identification, m1t1gation and ongoing monitoring of significant risks. The policies that facilitate delivery of the risk management programme are developed and overseen by the CERA committee. Please see the strategic report for full details of the risks identified and assessed. The Company's enterprise risk management process is comprised of 12 functional risk groups spanning the Company's key operational functions, each with an individual risk register and an overarching enterprise wide risk register. Each key business function has a nominated risk manager who is responsible for updating their respective registers managed through the different divisions of the business. The risk managers also meet on a quarterly basis at the risk manager working group to report information on common risks, share learning and the latest developments in risk management. The CERA committee, which is made up of members of the Board and Executive Committee, monitors the management of the enterprise risks through periodic risk deep dives including progress against risk actions and targets. Each risk is owned by a member of the Executive Committee. Opportunity The Strategy Delivery Forum, a cross functional team made up of senior leadership of the Company, meets monthly to assess progress against key strategic initiatives and opportunities. This allows the Company to create and preserve value in the long-term and engage other stakeholders where opportunities are identified. The Strategy Delivery Forum also reports to the Executive Committee on the key value opportunities, which facilitates further visibility and review.    Remu11eratio11 The ultimate parent companies during the year, Walmart and Bellis, were involved in the setting of remuneration and policies that affected the directors of the Company and the members of the Executive Committee. Bellis Topco 2 has established a Nomination & Remuneration Committee which leads the process for setting executive director and senior management remuneration within the Group. Setting remuneration When setting director remuneration for the Executive Committee and the directors of the Company there is a key focus on the performance of the Company, both in terms of annual results and the long-term sustainable success of the Group. Bonuses are set on annual metrics including profit and sales to ensure a balanced focus on creating value for the Company's investors whilst improving the shopping experience for the Company's customers and ensuring the Company culture is reflected in the customer experience. Furthermore, senior leaders in the business, including directors of the Company, are able to participate in a Management Incentive Plan whereby the level of financial return to participants is directly linked to the valuation of the Business at certain points in the future. In this way, participants in this scheme are incentivised to make decisions which promote and protect the long term value of the Business .. Additionally, pay of the Board, including the directors of the Company, is regularly benchmarked against competitors and remuneration and reward packages are revisited annually in light of this to ensure the appropriate individuals, who have the ability to deliver the Company's strategic objectives, are secured and retained. Stakeholder Relationships a11dEngageme11t The Company primarily engages its customers through surveys, via both in-store and online engagement and satisfaction surveys. This is overlaid with market wide data insight which is reported monthly to the Executive Committee and enables them to collate customers' views and opinions and make any necessary changes to improve the shopping experience with the Company. Engagement with the Company's customers is a key method in achieving the Company's purpose and ensuring that the Company delivers a consistent and trusted experience and creates growth where customers care. Whilst suppliers have direct relationships with buyers within the Company, they are also engaged on a macro level through various methods. This allows the Board and Executive Committee to understand suppliers' needs and work in a way that mutually benefits both parties. The Company engages with its colleagues through a variety of methods. Please see earlier sections of this report and Section 172 of the strategic report for more details. The Company's ultimate parent companies during the year, Walmart and Bellis Topco Limited, were engaged through a variety of means. Please see earlier sections of this report and Section 172 of the strategic report for more details. For more information regarding how the Company considers its key stakeholders in the decision-making process and the effect of its key decisions on these stakeholders, please refer to the detail set out in the Company's Strategic report.
