    Corporate governance The directors have adopted their own corporate governance provisions, based upon the Wates principles adapted to the needs of our business and our industry. Prlnclple 1: Purpose and Leadership The directors are responsible for ensuring that the company's purpose, vision and values are enumerated beginning with our corporate induction programme and subsequently communicated throughout our workforce meetings, training material and other mechanisms to ensure awareness and adherence at all levels of our organisation. Sharing our Visions and Values throughout our business ensures that a common approach to interpersonal communication and stakeholder engagement is applied by all. Prlnclple 2: Board Composition The company operates a Statutory Directors board that meets monthly and includes input from our non- execs, along with a number of sub-boards concentrating on specific areas of interest to the company. Statutory Directors meet 12 times a year to review business performance. Each departmental lead (Operations, Sales, Procurement, HR, Finance, IT) present information packs ahead of the meetings, measuring their areas of accountability against performance metrics periodically agreed in strategy meetings. A number of additional board meetings are held throughout the year concentrating on strategy, business planning and subcommittee work to facilitate board decision making. Principle 3: Directors Responslbllitles Departmental heads take responsibility for the performance of the business under their control, including additional projects or other activity and the output of collaborative working initiatives where they are the business lead. The board will provide challenge and constructive comment, chaired on a revolving basis by individual senior board members. Votes are taken periodically via 'one person one vote', with the CEO having the casting vote. Principle 4: Opportunity and Risk The company operates Business Continuity Plans both for the main activity of the company and in conjunction with a small number of clients where this is a requirement. The director's close scrutiny of every aspect of our business coupled with the experience and capability of board members contributes significantly to our successful management of risk, with non-exec's providing scrutiny and guidance where required. External advisors (principally our retained legal counsel and employed consultants} are used where their expertise can provide benefit.    Principle 5: Remuneration Our remuneration committee headed by one of our non-execs monitors all salary, bonus and other payments in line with our remuneration policy. Where Incentive plans are in place, they are designed to reward individuals in line with KPI achievement against targets aligned to the company's strategy. Pay and benefits for all levels within the organisation are reviewed periodically and benchmarked against industry norms. Prlnclple 6: Stakeholder Engagement The di rectors recognise the importance of fostering effective stakeholder relationships, aligned to our vision and values. We have recently conducted a stakeholder mapping exercise to ensure visibility of action and measurement of progress. We engage with our partners via periodic sampling of stakeholder experience and have recently recruited an engagement manager to facilitate this activity and to report to the board. The way in which we engage varies and is tailored to meet the requirements of the individuals or groups involved.
