    Corporate Governance Statement To facilitate compliance with reporting obligations in the Companies (Miscellaneous Reporting) Regulations 2018 (the "Regulations"), the Wates Corporate Governance Principles for Large Private Companies (pt.1blishedby the Financial Reporting Council in December 2018) (the "WatesPrinciples"), given its flexible and non-prescriptive approach, is adopted as the Company's corporate governance code for the year ended 31 December 2021 to help achieve and evidence good governance and responsible business practices. Similarly, each company in the Group adopted the Wates Principles as its corporate governance code for the year ended 31 December 2021 to ensure consistency. The Board sets out below how the Wates Principles have been applied in the year. Principle 1: Purpose and Leadership "The directors should promote a well-developed and defined purpose, leading by example, engaging with stakeholders and setting a tone from the top. They should monitor company culture and articulate the strategy and business model throughout the Company.· · Strong leadership is provided by the Board which is led by the Chief Executive Officer for the Group and supported by the management board of the global Atalian business (discussed further in relation to Principal 2 below}. In terms of purpose, the Group's purpose was formalised by the Board during 2019 in order to guide strategy, decisions. behaviours and culture. VVhilstit was feh by the Board that the defined purpose was simply an articulation of the pre-existing purpose, the process of formalising it in writing and communicating it to the Group brought clarity and enabled it to act as an anchor for decision-making at all levels. Accordingly, the Group's purpose - "to appreciate and value our partners, delivering trusted sustainable solutions through responsive, passionate people. A reputation for excellence· - is included in strategy documents, is discussed with senior leaders and is frequently communicated to the wider workforce by way of inclusion in email updates. To achieve Its purpose, the Group draws on its corporate values (integrity, entrepreneurial spirit. agility, simplicity and sustainable development), and it encourage behaviours that enhance the working environment it tries to create (one that Is open, inclusive, professional, fair and safe). Significant effort Is made to ensure that the Group's values are regularly and consistently communicated. For example, the values are visually displayed in its office environments (both via screens and value posters) and regularly feature in internal communications and on the Group's intranet, new programmes and initiatives are only approved after review of a proposal evidencing how the programme or initiative links to and otherwise supports one or more of the corporate values. The Group runs an annual competition for its colleagues, "The One', which encourages the submission of new innovative ideas linked to its corporate values. The revised induction process also gives new joiners an insight into what the corporate values are and why they are considered important to the business.    The Board plays an active role in embedding the purpose, culture and values in the Group, both in its office and operational environments. Each Board member has a visible presence in the business and regularly engages with different parts of its workforce, whether through monthly business reviews or project meetings or ·on the ground" days or otherwise. Monthly "Q&A" sessions are held with different teams invited to meet with the Board to ask questions and discuss matters of interest to them. Success is monitored via the quality and frequency of linking new business initiatives and divisional strategies to the Group's purpose and values, and via channels of feedback to the Board such as the monthly Q&A sessions and employee surveys. Principle 2: Board Composition "The Company's board should have an effective chair and a balance of skills, backgrounds, experience and knowledge that promotes diver..ity. The size of the board should match the scale and complexity of the Company, directors should be regularly evaluated, and companies should consider the value of appointing non-executive directors. n The composition of the Board has been consistent since 2018/19 (bar a couple of resignations in the ordinary course), and its members have been appointed to ensure a balance of skills, backgrounds, experience and knowledge. Many of the Board members have worked for and with the Group for significant periods of time and so are extremely well acquainted with the business. The composition of the Board is considered appropriate for the size and complexity of the Group. The matter of diversity at Board level was consciously addressed during 2019 to ensure that the Board was more reflective of the Group's diverse workforce. Profiles for each Board member can be found on the Group's website at https:/twww.atalianservest.co.uk. Diversity and inclusion topics are discussed regularly at Board level. The Board set measurable 0&1 targets during 2020 to drive further commitment and focus. The Chief Executive Officer Is also appointed Chainnan of meetings of the Board, and so there is no separation of those roles. However, open debate and constructive discussion is always promoted, often by way of round-table opinion gathering and active requests for challenge. Directors have equal voting rights when making decisions, except the Chairman of the meeting who has a casting vote. All members of the Board are executive directors. As a subsidiary group of the glot,al Atalian group, and as the ultimate parent company has a number of non-executive directors, the Board considered that the value brought by non-executive directors (with additional experience and skills and an element of independence) was already being received via the parent company appointments. Accordingly, no appointments of non-executive directors have been made by the Group. This will be regularly evaluated. The duties of the Board are executed partially through committees. The Audit & Risk Committee has delegated powers to oversee the Group's financial reporting, risk management and internal controls procedures together with responsibility for running the external audit process. The Remuneration Committee ls mandated to review, agree and set remuneration and associated remuneration policies for members of the Board and for the wider worl<.force. Board members update their skills and knowledge regularly to ensure their effectiveness. For those with a professional specialism (such as finance and legal), external training is undertaken each year by way of attendance at seminars, training courses and conferences and via webinars and other online training offered by professional bodies and by practice specialists. For those with an operational focus, familiarity with the Group is kept current by regular visits to sites, meetings with customers and active involvement with the management of the divisional business and workforce. Each Board member received written information about the legal duties and responsibilities of directors when joining the Board, refreshed periodically. All Board members also have access to the internal legal team and the global Atalian group's dedicated compliance team for advice on legal, comptiance and corporate governance matters. Performance is formally evaluated during annual appraisals, during which individual KPls are set for the following year. Principle 3: Director Responsibilities "Companies should implement policies that clearly set out their directors' authority, accountability, role and conduct. Boards should encourage internal challenge and establish robust internal procedures to ensure systems and controls operate effectively. • Accountability and Responsfb/1/tles: Board members have a clear understanding of their role and responsibilities. A programme of 12 Board meetings is set at the beginning of each calendar year to allow the Board regular opportunity to meet and review business matters, together with strategy planning sessions in 04 each year to discuss and define the Group's strategy for the following year. Each Board member, as well as the wider senior leadership team and the remainder of the workforce, are expected to comply with the Group's Code of Conduct (which is a code that is applicable throughout the global Atalian group), and is required to complete a declaration of compliance on an annual basis. Additionally, conflicts of interest and details of gifts, entertainment and hospitality received and given are declared in writing on an annual basis and are submitted to the Group's local compliance officer (who discloses the information to the global compliance team).    Reporting lines for senior management ensure that there are clear lines of accountability and responsibility within the Group. Senl0< leadership organisation charts are often communicated to the wider wor1dorce by inclusion on the quarterly email update sent by the Chief Executive Officer. Committees: VVhilstretaining responsibility for decision-making, the Board utilises committees to aide with matters such as financial reporting, risk and remuneration. Details of the matters delegated to the Audit & Risk Committee and to the Remuneration Committee are set out against Principle 2 above. Each of these committees has a written mandate that has been approved by the Board and which clearly defines the authority and the terms of reference of such committees. Integrity of Information: The Board receives regular and timely information by way of a rolling calendar of standing and periodic agenda items. Reports on key aspects of the business such as health and safety, legal and risk. financial performance, operational matters, new business opportunities and marketing activity are delivered as standard at each meeting of the Board. In addition to information delivered at Board meetings, the Board also meets with each divisional senior management team on a monthly basis for an in-depth divisional business review, receiving information specific to the performance, risk, opportunities and activity of that division. Principle 4: Opportunity and Risk "The board should consider how the Company creates value over the long term and identifies future opportunities for innovation. It should oversee how risks to the Company (including reputational risk) are managed, which should include establishing an internal control framework and may include delegating responsibility to a committee." Risk management is a key function of the Board, which involves balancing protection of the Group's assets on the one hand with taking the opportunities that will maximise the long-term success of the Group on the other. The Board aims to set the right tolerance for risk at any given time to ensure that this balance is achieved. Opportunities are recognised at all levels and in all business areas and are generally communicated up a reporting line to the appropriate decision maker. Where an opportunity does not fit with the Group's defined strategy or requires expenditure outside of an approved budget or requires a commitment from the Group to certain terms and conditions then there are set approval processes to follow before the opportunity can be progressed. In particular, new customer contracts above a certain defined value must be formally presented to the Board to enable challenge to the solution and pricing model and allow for acceptance of the commercial terms. Innovation is encouraged by the Board in all its forms. with particular emphasis given in recent years to digital and process innovation. In order to encourage all members of the workforce to submit ideas for innovation the Board opened a new initiative, the "One", in 2020 with the aim of identifying new ideas to improve our business and to recognise one of our colleagues as being the entrepreneur behind the idea. The Group's risk management practices were reviewed and amended during 2019 to ensure that inherent and emerging risks are being identified, recorded and reported to senior management internally by each of its operating divisions and central function departments. A greater emphasis was placed on the importance of the requirement of each division and each department to maintain a local risk register (with the support of the central risk management function) to encourage a risk-aware culture across the whole business. Key risks from the local risk registers are fed into the Board's risk register that is presented to the Board on a monthly basis for review and consideration. Risks with the highest residual risk rating (after taking account current mitigating actions) have written action plans against which the Board monitors progress. On a periodic basis the Board and the Audit & Risk Committee receive written analysis of the key risks on each divisional and departmental risk register to aide them in managing risk and to identify themes and common issues affeciing different business areas. Principle 5: Remuneration "Director and senior manager remuneration should be aligned with perlormance, behaviours and achieving the Company's purpose and values. There should be clear policies to enable accountability to shareholders, and some boards may wish lo create a remuneration committee to design executive remuneration structures.· In reviewing and setting remuneration levels, the Remuneration Committee's main objective is to attract and retain talent at rates that are at least consistent with market standards. With clear terms of reference, the Remuneration Committee is responsible for making recommendations concerning pay for the Group's workforce to the Board. In doing so, it benchmarks against competitors and other businesses in the sectors in which the Group operates. It also takes into account any instructions received from its parent group and any considerations imposed by customer contracts. In relation to the wider workforce, the Group has a high level of TUPE activity (activity to which the Transfer of Undertakings (Protection of Employment) Regulations 2006 applies), as is usual in the industry as service provision changes occur as and when contracts for the delivery of outsourced facilities management services are won and lost. That being so, a large majority of the workforce transfer into the Group under TUPE with pre-existing terms and conditions of employment and levels of pay. To a large extent the terms of the commercial contraci with the Group's customer will determine any flexibility the Group has to amend levels of remuneration in respect of colleagues assigned to that contract.    Principle 5: Remuneration (continued) The Board and the wider senior management team all have elements of their remuneration packages that relate to and depend upon realising set key perfonnance indicators. The key performance indicators are set annually and concentrate efforts on matters of strategic importance to the Group. In 2021 the Group reported under the Equality Act 2010 (Gender Pay Gap Information) Regulations 2017 which requires UK employers with 250 employees or more to produce and report a Gender Pay Gap Report each year. The Group has five legal entities within the UK which employ 250 or more employees and so reported for each of them using a "snapshot date· of 5 April 2021. The Company, being the largest employer and trading entity within the Group (which also employs a significant proportion of the UK's senior leadership team), achieved a mean gender pay gap of 6. 74 % and a median gender pay gap of 0.00% for 2020. These results show improvement since 2018 and with the continued focus on CHROMA the Group is aiming to work towards reducing the gender pay gap further. Principle 6: Stakeholders "Directors should foster effective dialogue with stakeholders to understand the effect of the Company's practices and re-align strategy. These stakeholders will include the Company's workforce, customers and suppliers, but may also include regulators, governments, pensioners, creditors and community groups. In particular, the Company should establish a range of formal and informal channels for communicating with its workforce. -Building strong relationships with key stakeholders is imperative to the long-term success of the Group, and the Board recognises that it is only by engaging with stakeholders that it can understand the issues that matter to them and make responsible, sustainable decisions that have regard for their interests. In the opinion of the Board, the Group's key stakeholders are its workforce, its customers, Its suppliers, local communities and the environment, governments, regulators and other authorities, and its banking partners and shareholders. The section 172(1) statement in the strategic report sets out in detail how the Company and the Group has engaged with its stakeholders and how it has considered the interests of stakeholders in decision-making.
