   Statement of Corporate Governance Arrangements For the year ended 31 December 2021, the Company has applied the Wates Corporate Governance Principles for Large Private Companies (the "Principles"). Application of the Principles by the Company during 2021 is set out below: Principle 1 - Purpose and leadership The Company is part of the Aviva Group. Following the appointment of Amanda Blanc as Group Chief Executive Officer (CEO) of Aviva pie in July 2020, the Group embarked on a strategic review aimed at optimising its organisational structure. The Group's Purpose is to be 'with you today, for a better tomorrow.' We have been looking after customers for more than 320 years, and as a business we are deeply invested in our people, our communities and the planet. We are here to be with our customers today as well as working for a better tomorrow. Our strategy is centred on putting the customer first, having a strong social purpose, focusing on where we can win, execution discipline, and ultimately creating value for our shareholders. The Group has three strategic priorities: Focus the portfolio - our focus is on our Core markets in the UK, Ireland and Canada. These are our strongest businesses where we have market leading positions. Transform performance - in our Core markets we aim to transform performance to deliver greater customer trust, engagement and retention, and profitable growth for our shareholders. Financial strength - resilience and sustainability underpin our strategy, and our focus is on maintaining strong solvency and liquidity and reducing debt leverage. The Board monitors the culture of the Company and raises any concerns during meetings. Culture information is included in the Board's annual planner which ensure the Board has the opportunity to review culture metrics and that employees have the right values, attitudes and behaviours and are focussed on doing the right thing for the customer. The Company complies with the Senior Managers' Certification Regime which further strengthens the drive for individual accountability. Employee engagement is sought through the Voice of Aviva employee surveys, the output of which is reviewed by the Board and an action plan put in place to address areas identified by employees which may require further focus. The Board is responsible for promoting the long-term success of the Company for the benefit of its members as a whole, taking into account other stakeholders as defined by Section 172 of the Companies Act 2006 and the Articles of Association and including but not limited to; setting the Company's strategic aims, monitoring performance of the Company and management against those aims and monitoring the operation of prudent and effective controls and monitoring compliance with corporate governance principles. Principle 2 - Board composition The Board's Chair assesses the composition annually to ensures that the balance of responsibilities, accountabilities and decision making across the Company is effectively maintained. The directors have equal voting rights when making decisions, except the Chair, who has a casting vote. All Directors have access to the advice and services of the Company Secretary. The Board is responsible for organising and directing the affairs of the Company in a manner that is most likely to promote the success of the Company for its shareholders as a whole and in a way that is consistent with its Articles of Association, applicable regulatory requirements and current corporate governance practice. The Board undertook a formal effectiveness review of its performance, facilitated by the Company Secretary in 2021, which compromised of a detailed survey. The results were produced by the Company Secretary and presented to the Board at its meeting on the 20 July 2021. The Board's next assessment will take place in mid-2022. The 2021 Board Effectiveness Review assessed that overall the Company was operating effectively with a number of areas prioritised for focus during the coming year. Principle 3 - Director responsibilities The Company operates in accordance with the Aviva Governance Framework, as approved by Aviva pie. The Aviva Governance Framework articulates the interrelation between its purpose, culture, values; its reporting and escalation structures and their alignment with legal and regulatory duties and its risk management framework. The core elements are the legal and regulatory flow of accountability and decision making and the Company's frameworks, policies and standards and the checks and balances through the operation of the Company's second and third lines of defence which ensure effective Board oversight. Within the Aviva Group, accountability is formally delegated by the Board of the Company to the Chair. The Chair delegations are referenced in the Board's Terms of Reference, with accountability resting with the Chair and the Board. The Company must also adhere to the Subsidiary Governance Principles which are a set of internal governance principles. The Board held five meetings and one ad-hoc meeting in 2021. The Board's key areas of focus in 2021 were Smart Working & Wellbeing, Corporate Security and Group Staff Pension Scheme matters.    Principle 4 - Opportunity and risk The role of the Board is to promote the long-term sustainable success of the company, generating value for its shareholder within a framework of prudent and effective controls, which enable risks to be assessed and managed. The Company operates a risk management framework that forms an integral part of the management and Board processes and decision-making framework, aligned to the Group's risk management framework. The key elements of the risk management framework comprise risk appetite; risk governance, including risk policies and business standards, and the processes the Company uses to identify, measure, manage, monitor and report risks, including the use of risk models and stress and scenario testing. The Company's Risk Representative attends Board meetings and provides independent challenge and influence in key business decisions and ensures the effective operation of the risk management framework and control environment, in addition to assessing the overall risk culture. Material matters are escalated by the Board and the Risk Representative to the Company's parent legal entity Board and other Group Forums as appropriate. Principle 5 - Remuneration Under the Aviva Group Reward Governance Framework, the Company's remuneration policy operates in accordance with the Global Remuneration Policy as approved by the Aviva pie Remuneration Committee, which applies to all employees in entities within the Aviva Group. The Aviva Group reports on the pay ratio of the Group CEO to UK employees, and details of this can be found in the Directors' Remuneration Report in the Aviva pie Annual Report and Accounts which is available at www.aviva.com/investors/reports/. Aviva pie also reports on its gender pay gap, and the steps it is taking in relation to this which can be found at www.aviva.com/about-us/diversity-and-inclusion. As employees of Aviva, staff are able to enjoy the comprehensive flexible benefit offering including the Aviva staff pension scheme with matching employer contributions and Aviva's broader Wellbeing offering which aims to promote health and wellbeing among Aviva colleagues. Please see note 5 on page 23 in relation on the remuneration of the Company's directors. Principle 6 - Stakeholders Details about stakeholders can be found in s172 statement in the Strategic Report.
