   Statement of Corporate Governance Arrangements For the year ended 31 December 2021, the Company has applied the Wates Corporate Governance Principles for Large Private Companies (the "Principles"). We set out below how the Principles have been applied during 2021. Principle 1- Purpose and leadership The Company is part of the Aviva Group. The Group's purpose is 'with you today, for a better tomorrow' and the Group includes customers, employees and other stakeholders in this. The Group has set out three strategic priorities which will enable the business to fulfil this purpose: Focus the portfolio; Transform performance; and Rebuild financial strength. The Board monitors the culture of the Company, which is aligned to that of its ultimate shareholder Aviva pie, and raises any concerns during meetings. The Board is able to express its views on the culture of the organisation through the Board Effectiveness Reviews. Culture information has been added to the Board's annual planner to ensure the Board has the opportunity to review culture metrics and that employees have the right values, attitudes and behaviours and are focussed on doing the right thing for the Group's customer. The Company complies with the Senior Managers' Certification Regime which further strengthens the drive for individual accountability. Employee engagement is sought through the Voice of Aviva employee surveys, the output of which is reviewed by the Board. The Board is responsible for promoting the long-term success of the Company for the benefit of its shareholder as a whole, taking into account other stakeholders as defined by Section 172 of the Companies Act 2006 and the Articles of Association and including but not limited to: setting the Company's strategic aims; monitoring performance of the Company and management against those aims; setting the Company's risk appetite and monitoring the operation of prudent and effective controls and monitoring compliance with corporate governance principles. Principle 2 - Board Composition The Company's Board has a separate Independent Non-Executive Chair and Chief Executive Officer to ensure that the balance of responsibilities, accountabilities and decision-making across the Company is effectively maintained. The directors have equal voting rights when making decisions, except the Chair, who has a casting vote. All directors have access to the advice and services of the Company Secretary. The Board has a skills matrix in place to ensure the composition of the Board contains the appropriate combination of skills, backgroun<.ls,experience and knowledge to understand and guide the business. The skills matrix is a key tool in any Board recruitment process to ensure the most suitable candidates are put forward for appointment to fill any gaps identified and to maintain a focus on succession planning to ensure the composition of the Board remains appropriate.    The Board is comprised of Non-Executive directors, the majority of whom are Independent Non-Executive directors, and Executive directors. The Board is responsible for organising and directing the affairs of the Company in a manner that is most likely to promote the success of the Company for its shareholders as a whole and in a way that is consistent with its Articles of Association, applicable regulatory requirements and current corporate governance practice. The Board undertook a formal effectiveness review of its performance during the year, the results of which were discussed by the Board at its meeting on 23 September 2021. The Board evaluation tracker was subsequently refreshed to include new actions arising from the 2021 evaluation process and will be updated on an ongoing basis throughout the year and shared regularly with the Board. The 2021 Board Effectiveness Review assessed that overall the Company was operating effectively, with a number of areas prioritised for focus during the corning year. Principle 3 - Director Responsibilities The Company operates in accordance with the Aviva Governance Framework, as approved by Aviva pie. The Aviva Governance Framework articulates the interrelation between its purpose, culture, values, its reporting and escalation structures and their alignment with legal and regulatory duties and its risk management framework. The core elements are the legal and regulatory flow of accountability and decision-making and the Company's frameworks, policies and standards and the checks and balances through the operation of the Company's 2nd and 3rd lines of defence which ensure effective Board oversight. Within the Aviva Group, accountability is formally delegated by the Board to the CEO and by the CEO to their direct reports. The CEO delegations are referenced in the Board's Terms of Reference. Accountability rests with these individuals and the Board. These accountabilities are aligned with the Senior Managers Certification Regime ("SMCR") responsibilities. The roles and responsibilities are clearly documented in the Management Responsibility Maps which form part of the Governance Framework and which are submitted to the PRA and FCAon a quarterly basis. The Company must also adhere to the Subsidiary Governance Principles which are a set of internal governance principles. The Board held 11 meetings this year, plus an additional day of strategic planning. The Board's key areas of focus in 2021 were on treaty development areas including the termination of the FGI treaty and the CGI amendment, business performance updates (financial and capital), updates from cedant businesses, governance, regulatory matters and future strategic objectives linked to the Company's Strategy. The Board has established an Audit Committee and a Risk Committee. The Terms of Reference for these committees are aligned to those of Aviva pie and are approved annually by the Board. The committees also undertake annual effectiveness reviews. The Company's results are discussed by the committee and an action plan is agreed, with the actions tracked by the Company Secretary. The Audit Committee is responsible for reviewing the effectiveness of the Company's systems and controls and receives regular updates on the work of the internal audit function and from the external auditors. The Company also receives reports from the CFOat each Committee meeting. The Risk Committee is responsible for oversight of risk, reviewing the Company's risk appetite and risk profile, reviewing the effectiveness of the Company's risk management framework, reviewing the methodology used in determining the Company's capital requirements, stress testing, ensuring due diligence appraisals are carried out on strategic or significant transactions, and monitoring the Company's regulatory activities, as appropriate. Principle 4 - Opportunity and Risk The role of the Board is to promote the long-term sustainable success of the Company, generating value for its shareholder within a framework of prudent and effective controls, which enable risks to be assessed and managed. The Company operates a risk management framework that forms an integral part of the management and Board processes and decision-making framework, aligned to the Group's risk management framework. The key elements of the risk management framework comprise risk appetite, risk governance, including risk policies and business standards, risk oversight committees and roles and responsibilities; and the processes the Company uses to identify, measure, manage, monitor and report risks, including the use of risk models and stress and scenario testing. The Company's position against its risk appetites and tolerances is monitored and reported to the Board on a regular basis. Principle 5 - Remuneration Under the Aviva Group Reward Governance Framework, the Company's remuneration policy operates in accordance with the Remuneration Policy as approved by the Aviva pie Remuneration Committee, which applies to all employees in entities within the Aviva Group. Independent Non-Executive director fees are also set by Aviva pie and reviewed annually. Details of directors' remuneration is included on page 29. The Aviva Group reports on the pay ratio of the Group CEO to UK employees, and details of this can be found in the Directors' Remuneration Report in the Aviva pie Annual Report and Accounts which is available at www.aviva.com/investors/reports. Aviva pie also reports on the gender pay gap, and on the steps the Group is taking in relation to this which can be found at www.aviva.com/gpgr The Board held a private session on 8 December 2021 to discuss the performance and conduct of key individuals of the Company's management and provided input into their 2021 remuneration reviews. The Company has no employees. All UK employees engaged in the activities of the Company are employed by a fellow subsidiary undertaking of Aviva pie, Aviva Employment Services Limited. As part of the Aviva Group, these staff enjoy the benefit of the Aviva Group policies and benefits made available to them. Principle 6 - Stakeholders Details about Stakeholders can be found in the Section 172 Statement in the Strategic Report.
