   Statement of corporate governance arrangements For the year ended 31 December 2021, the Company has applied the Wates Corporate Governance Principles for Large Private Companies (the Principles}. Application of the Principles by the Company during 2021 is set out below: Principlel - Purposeand leadership The Company is part of the Aviva Group. Following the appointment of Amanda Blanc as Group CEO of Aviva pie in July 2020, the Group embarked on a strategic review aimed at optimising its organisational structure. The Group's Purpose is to be 'with you today, for a better tomorrow.' We have been looking after customers for more than 320 years, and as a business we are deeply invested in our people, our communities and the planet. We're here to be with our customers today as well as working for a better tomorrow. Our strategy is centred on putting the customer first, having a strong social purpose, focusing on where we can win, execution discipline, and ultimately creating value for our shareholders. The Group has three strategic priorities: Focusthe portfolio - our focus is on our Core markets in the UK, Ireland and Canada. These are our strongest businesses where we have market leading positions. Transformperformance- in our Core markets we aim to transform performance to deliver greater customer trust, engagement and retention, and profitable growth for our shareholders. Financialstrength- resilience and sustainability underpin our strategy, and our focus is on maintaining strong solvency and liquidity and reducing debt leverage. The Board has made a number of strategic decisions through the year which align the Company to these priorities. The Board is responsible for monitoring the performance of the Company and management against its strategic aims, setting the Company's risk appetite and monitoring the operation of prudent and effective controls, and monitoring compliance with these corporate governance principles. Principle2 - Boardcomposition The Board is comprised of the Aviva pie Group Chief Executive Officer (Chair of the AGH Board). Group Chief Financial Officer, Group Chief Operating Officer and Group Chief Capital Officer. The Chair assessesthe board composition annually to ensure that an appropriate balance of responsibilities, accountabilities and decision making across the Company is effectively maintained. The directors have equal voting rights when making decisions; however where a majority decision cannot be reached, the Chair has a casting vote.    Principle 3 - Directors' responsibilities The Company operates in accordance with the Aviva Governance Framework, as approved by Aviva pie. The Aviva Governance Framework articulates the interrelation between Aviva's purpose, culture, values; its reporting and escalation structures; and their alignment with legal and regulatory duties and its risk management framework. The core elements are the legal and regulatory flow of accountability and decision making and the Group's frameworks, policies and standards and the checks and balances through the operation of the Company's 2nd and 3rd lines of defence, which ensure effective Board oversight. The Company adheres to the Group Subsidiary Governance Principles which are a set of internal governance principles. The Board held five scheduled meetings during the year, plus three ad hoc meeting to discuss specific items. The Board's key area of focus in 2021 was aligning its operations to the new Aviva Group strategy through the consolidation of the Aviva portfolio. The Board also focused on the oversight of Group Centre operations for Aviva pie and its subsidiaries, including non-operating UK-based holding companies and shared service companies. Principle 4 - Opportunity and risk The role of the Board is to promote the long-term sustainable success of the Company, generating value for its shareholder within a framework of prudent and effective controls, which enable risks to be assessed and managed. The Company operates in accordance with the Group Risk Management Framework. This forms an integral part of the management and Board processes, and the decision-making framework. The key elements of the Risk Management Framework comprise risk appetite; risk governance, including risk policies and business standards, and the processes the Company uses to identify, measure, manage, monitor and report risks. Principle 5 - Remuneration The Company has no employees. The majority of staff engaged in the activities of the Company are employed by fellow subsidiary undertakings of Aviva pie. As part of the Aviva Group, these staff enjoy the benefit of the Aviva Group policies and benefits made available to them. Under the Aviva Group Reward Governance Framework, the Global Remuneration Policy is approved by the Aviva pie Remuneration Committee and applies to all employees in entities within the Aviva Group. Details of Directors' Remuneration is included in note 7. The Aviva Group reports on the pay ratio of the Group CEO to UK employees, and details of this can be found in the Directors' Remuneration Report in the FY21Aviva pie Annual Report and Accounts which is available at /www.aviva.com/investors/reports/. Aviva pie also reports on its gender pay gap, and the steps it is taking in relation to this which can be found at www.aviva.com/about-us/diversity-and-inclusion. Principle 6 - Stakeholder relationships and engagement Details about stakeholders can be found in the S.172statement in the strategic report on page 5.
