   Corporate Governance Report' For the year E!nded31 December 2021, under The Companies (Miscellaneous Reporting) Regulations 2018, the Company has applied the Wates Corporate Governance Principles for Large Private Companies (published by the Financial Reporting Council (FRC) in December 2018 and available on the FRC website). The directors have adopted the Wates Principles as an appropr,ate framework in which to disclose the . Company's corporate governance arrangements. • Principle 1 - Purpose and leadership AXA Insurance UK pie ("AXA Insurance") writes general inswance business in the UK and is part of the "AXA UK Group" (UK Group). The business conducted is principally property and motor in both commercial and personal lines, together with liability insurance and other ·commercial lines insurance products (comm_ercial)and other personal lines insurance products (retail). AXA Insurance is a subsidiary within AXA, a worldwide leader in insurance. As one of the largest global insurers, AXA's purpose is to "act for human progress by protecting what matters". This purpose! is . embedded into the Company's values and strategy. The Company is aligned to AXA's core values of Customer First (all our thinking starts with the customer), Integrity (we are guided by strong moral principles), Courage (we speak our mind and act to make things happen), and One AXA (being together and being different makes us better). • • AX.A's values are underpinned by commitments to help influence the way decisions are made and how business is coriducted. They guide how the Company serves its customers, interacts with suppliers, makes decisions and recruits, promotes arid manages employees. The· values and commitments drive the behaviours at AXA, defining and shaping the One AXAculture. AX.A's values are integral .to the Company's strategic ambition. In 2021, the Company. continued to implement its agreed strategy focussing on five core themes to drive value for the AXA UK & Ireland business as a whole: • Closer to .the customer: Building attractive propositions direct and via brokers, which are tailored to customers and incorporate e::ustomer-leddesign into our ways of working Stronger foundations: Building a more efficient business to better serve customers, while continuously improving our operations. with greater focus on strategic priorities, combined with change· delivery excellence· . I • People and culture: Encouraging collaborative working for collective benefit, while harnessing a wider array of knowledge/expertise to build market leading capability. Leveraging AXA's brand & values to attract/retain talent & increase -employee engagement • Data driyen insights:. Re-engineering how we collect and analyse data across. the business and develop data driven i11sightsto support richer customer relationships New propositions: Broadening our offering to customers with a ·greater focus on non-insurance services, such as providing guidance or supporting risk prevention The directors consider AXA's purpose and values appropriate to the- Company and apply. them to the business where relevant; The Company's strategy is set by the Board and led by the Management Committee, but, also draws on expertise from across the business, including AXA Group and the top 150 leaders within the AXA UK Group .. • Despite a significant level· of continuing uncertainty triggered by the Covid-19 pandemic and its consequences within society, government and the economy, the Company has demonstrated both high agility .and strong resilience with a stable financial outlook for 2022 and beyond. The Company has progressed the delivery of the strategic roadmap with the right level of traction in the areas that ·were prioritised. As part of identifying a solid transition path into the "new n9rmal", focus areas were identified and embedded in the revised roadmaps and project portfolio which include Customer, Smart Working, Property, Digital Workplace and Cloud Migration.    Though the Company ·does not directly employ its workforce the Company strives to act responsibly towards. its workforce, placing workforce engagement at the heart of its business. Achieving this means creating a workplace built on AXA's values that fosters diversity and equal opportunities for all, promotes participation, encourages professional ~evelopment, . and supports well-being. The Company has access to four Employee Networks providing an opportunity for employee-communities to promote positive cultural change within the business and the Company participates in and facilitates these. The Company recognises the importance of workforce unions and engages with them regularly to maintain positive working relationships. Feedback is sought through quarterly Pulse surveys, where staff can provide their views. on how the business_is performing against its strategic objectives and key values. • Diversity and inclusion are key to creating a culture of trust and respect. The UK Group has a Diversity & Inclusion Board, which meets quarterly and is sponsored by Tracy Garrad (CEO AXA Health and a member of the AXA UK & Ireland Management Committee). There are regular online diversity and inclusion live exchanges and a number of focus groups have been conducted with employees on ethnicity, gender and disability, providing opportunities for employees to ask quest_ionsto senior leaders. • The Company strives. to build trusted relationships with customers and t~ alw~ys treat the~ fairly, p~oviding commitment to our customers that the business delivers against its purpose: Principle 2 - Board Composition The Board of AXA Insurance UK pie comprises an Independent Chairman, five Independent Non-Executive Directors -(of varying tenure), the Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial bfficer and two Executive Directors. Th.e Directors consider the size ant;!composition of the Board to be proportionate to the scale and complexity of the business. All directors have equal voting rights. The roles of Chairman and Chief Executive Officer are separate, to ensure that the balance of responsibilities, accountabili~es and decision-making _abilities are upheld. This separation places the Chairman fn an independent position which facilitates a better environment for Board, director and management effectiveness. The Company's Non-Executiv~ Directors bring experience in insurance, customer relations, technology, marketing, relationship management, operations, banking, asset management, pensions and other skills ancillary to·financial services. They continue to keep their knowledge, skills and familiarity with the business current and up to date by engaging with senior management, attending appropriate external seminars, and internal and external trainlng courses. All new directors undergo individually tailored induction (depending on their current skillset, experience and knowledge). This is also designed to ensure that the collective Board has the correct tools to address and balance stakeholders' interests with .the Company's business needs. The Company Secretary is the first point of contact for directors seeking advice and services. Directors can also take professional advice at the Company's expense. • The Board has adopted a Board Diversity Policy which provides a high-level indication of the approach to diversity taken in the consideration of Board appointments. The AXA UK Nomination Committee takes a leading role in reviewing the structure, size and composition (including the skills, knowledge and experience) required of the Board and makes recommendations to the Board regarding any changes .. AXA UK values diversity and inclusion and continues to create and develop an inclusive _culture.We are committed to ensuring equality of opportunities, with the aim of promoting diversity throughout the Company including at the most senior levels, with a diversity and inclusion agenda that goes beyond the protected characteristics of the Equality Act 2010. Recruitment processes (including those for directors) follow the diversity and equal opportur,ities policy. • In addition to· the introduction of our own Ethnicity Action Plan and committing to Business in the Community's Race at Work charter, AXA UK pie (the Company's intermediate parent company) has signed the CBl's Change the Race Ratio, which aims to increase racial and ethnic participation in business. The commitments include increasing racial and ethnic diversity among Board members and senior leadership, being transparent on targets and action and creating an inclusive culture in which talent from all diversities can thrive. AXA UK pie has committed to having at least one racially and ethnically diverse board member by the erid of 2024 and is tracking and regularly reporting progress againstall three commitments (Change the Race Ratio, our own Ethnicity Action Plan and BITCs Race At Work Charter) to both the AXA UK & Ireland Diversity & Inclusion Board, and the AXA UK & Ireland Management Committee, with upd?ites on key developments reported to the Board on a quarterly basis.    Princip_le3 - Director Responsibilities Accountability . . The Board delegates certain decision-making powers to Committees and individuals. This allows those with appropriate knowledge and industry experience to make effective decisions whilst' Board oversight is maintained. The Board has adopted a Corporate Authorities document which clearly sets out the Board's terms of reference, matters that are.reserved to the Board, signing authorities and delegation to Committees and individuals. This is reviewed at least annually (and whenever there is a significant change) and is • considered and re-approved as necessary by tti'e Board each year. Each director h~s a clear understanding of their accountability and responsibilities. The Board has a,programme of at least seven meetings every year with further meetings held as necessary. • The· Company Secretary maintains· a Register of Director's Interests, which is updated when a change occurs. All d_irectorscomplele a conflicts of interest questionnaire annually and are regularly reminded of their statutory duties and personal obligations to avoid conflicts. An extract of the Register of Interests is reviewed by the Board at least quarterly so that directors can confirm that the information is correct or disclose any additional interests of which the Board shpuld be aware. • ·committees The_ Board_ deleg·ates certain of its duties to AXA UK Group Committees (Audit, Investment, Risk, Remuneration & Nomination), which operate under clearly defined terms of reference. Board Committees are chaired by the Non-Executive Directors of the Company and the membership of the Audit and Risk Committees are comprised- solely of independent Non-Executive Directors. This allows the Non-Executives . to constructively challenge the exec4tives. The Independent Non-Executive Directors are wholly independerit in that they have no material business or relationships with the Company that might influence their independence or judgement. Integrity of information The Board receives regular reports from management at its meetings. It reviews the information provided and provides appropriate enhancements and challenge. This makes available the necessary data relating to all key aspects of the business, which includes but is not limited to financial performance, risks and opportunities, customers, strategy, operational matters· and'updates on market conditions and sustainability .. Key financial information is collated from _AXAUK's various accounting systems. AXA UK's finance function is appropriately qualified to ensure the integrity of this information and is pro"'.idedwith the necessary training to keep up to date with regulatory changes. Financial information is currently externally audited on an annual basis, and financial controls are reviewed by the.AXA UK internal audit_function. The Audit Committee is aware of, and comfortable with, the scope of work planned-by the internal auditors. The Committee receive~ a summary of the proposed audit plan for the AX.AUK Group, highlighting the budget and resource available, the rationale for the plan, and any limitations in its scope. Once agreed by the Committee any significant changes proposed to the plan are notified to the Committee by the Head of Internal Audit. Pri~~iple 4 - Opportunity and Risk The Board seeks out opportunity whil~t mitigating risk and is responsible for strategic decision-making and risk mariagement and has delegated authority to the AXA UK-Combined ~oards Risk Committee to assist in its oversight of risk. • The AXA UK Combined Boards Risk Committee, which meets at least quarterly; is comprised of Independent Non-Executive Directors, and ensures that inherent and emerging risks are identified and managed appropriately and in a timely manner. The AXA UK Combined S-oards Risk Committee adopts a forward.:looking .approach, anticipating changes in business conditions as well as reviewing the risk profile of the operating entities and the AXA UK Group as a whole. It also considers the effectiveness of its risk management framework, use of the capital model and relevant regulatory requirements.    Working Groups are formed -to discuss specific risks where needed;· for example, the Regulatory and Strategic Climate Change Working Groups make recommendations in relation to AXA UK's approach to the management of climate risk, to ensure regulatory compliance and to shape a strategic response. The working groups meet monthly and quarterly updates are provided to both the AXA UK Risk Management Committee and the AXA UK Combined Boards Risk Committee and, where appropriate, to the·AXA UK Combined Board. Opportunity . _ _ Long term strategic opportunities are considered and agreed by the Board each year. Risk registers are maintained by the business and a consolidated view ofrisk is considered by the AXA UK Combined Boards_ Risk Committ~e at each· quarterly meeting .. The Chief Risk Officer ensures that material risks facing AXA l.JK have been identified and appropriate arrangements are in place to manage and mitigate those risks effectively. AXA UK has an Enterprise Risk Management Framework for effective management of risks across its business, applying to all entities •including AXA Insurance. Risk strategy and culture is articulated through risk appetites, policies and processes, and operated through the governance and day to day decision making. Responsibilities . - - _ _ - -. AXA Group has developed a formal set of standards (the "AXA Group Standards") in order. to promote a_ cohsistert approach to governance, supported by an effective risk management framework. AXA Insurance has adopted and _complieswith all relevant AXA Group Standards, including those relating to internal control, risk manag_~mentand solvency managel!'ent. AXA UK (and in turn, the Company) has a comprehensive system of internal controls designed to ensure that exec;utives ~re informed of significant risks on a timely and continuing basis and have the necessary information and tools to appropriately analyse and manage these risks.· The Company complies with the established Internal Control Framework covering the financial statements under IFRS and Solvency II Capital Requirement and Available Financial Resources. • • The Chief Risk_Officer reports to fhe Board at least annually with an assessment of the adequacy and effectiveness. of risk management, including the effectiveness of controls over financial reporting. The AXA UK Risk Management Committee facilitates Management Committee oversight of risks before they. are presented to the Board. This Committee meets quarterly, ·in advance of AXA UK Combined Boards Risk Committee meetings. Each year, the Board considers the Own Risk and Solvency Assessment ("ORSA"), which encompasses • processes to identify, assess, monitor, manage .and report the short-to medium-term risks of the Company and to ensure the level of own funds adequacy against its solvency targets, taking into account the risk profile, approved risk.tolerance limits and business strategy. • The Company's systems ·and controls are designed to provide reasonable reassurance to the Board and senior m·anagement regarding the achievement of objectives, ensuring effec;tiveness and efficiency of operations, reliable financial and non-financial reporting, and compliance with laws, regulations arid policies. Principle 5 - Remuneration In 2021, the Board approved the separation of the AXA UK Remuneration & Nomination Committee ihto two forums, both with separate Non-Executive Chairs. Th~ Board now delegates authorlty to the AXA UK ·Remuneration Committee to assist it with remuneration matters. The Remuneration Committee has clearly defined terms of reference and is r~sponsible for making recommendations to the Board in accordance with - the AXA Group Remuneration Policy and as required by regulation. The Committee is comprised of AXA UK Non-Exec~tive Directors (all independent) and a Non-Executive Director from within the AXA Group.    The AXA Group Remuneration Policy sets out ·the remurieration principles ppplicable to all AXA Group companies and their employees. It is designed to support the Group's long-term business strategy and to align the interests of- its employees and other stakeholders by: (i) establishing a clear link between performance and·remuneration over the short-, medium- and long-term; (ii) ensuring that the AXA Group can offer competitive compensation arrangements across the multiple markets in which it operates while avoiding potential' conflicts of interest that may lead to undue risk taking for short-term gain; and, (iii) ensuring compliance with Solvency_ll regulations and any other applicable r~gulatory requirements. Pay is aligned with performance and takes into account fair pay and conditions across the AXA UK Group's workforce. Executive remuneration is reviewed annually and in the ·event of significant change in the structure and size of the Company'.s operations, with reference to market data and trends. AXA UK has formally adopted the Willis Towers Watson methodology for job grading for all levels (executive and other employees), an approach that aligns with AXA Group; Willis Towers Watson provided a market benchmark analysis to inform the 2022 annual remunerat~on review process. The AXA UK Group is an equal opportunities employer and promotes an environment of diverse cultures_, ideas, people and perspectives. It continues to report on Gender Pay and has signed the Women in Finance Charter (WIFC). -Principle 6 - Stakeholders The Board understands _that good governanc~ and effective communication are critical factors to ensure that the_Company's brand, reputation and relationships with all stakeholders, including shareholders, customers, employees, suppliers and the local communities are effective a·ndsupportive of the way in which the Company wants to work. • Stakeholder engagement is a key part of AXA's overall strategy and its approach to sustainability. • Engagement improves AXA's understanding of its operating environment and helps the business to take b~tter business decisions. Accountability and transparency are key with all external stakeholders and with _ representatives of government and other opinion leaders, whilst maintaining an open and visible presence in the media. The Company's fundamental purpose of acting for human progress to protect what matters is demonstrated a·ndsupported in active engagement across industry bodies and our stakeholder community.· For further details, please refer to the~section 172 report on pages ·sto 9 of the annual report and financial statements.
