   CORPORATE GOVERNANCE STATEMENT For the period 9 November 2020 to 31 December 2021, under The Companies (Miscellaneous Reporting) Regulations 2018, the Company has applied the Wates Corporate Governance Principles for Large Private Companies. These new corporate governance reporting requirements apply to company reporting for financial years starting on or after 1 January 2019. We have adopted the disclosure in our 2021 Report and Accounts and set out below is how we have applied the Principles during the period to run the business. Principle 1 - Purpose and Leadership The Board focuses on the delivery of the Group Mission Statement "to give our guests a great time with memories that last a lifetime", and the development and execution of the 5 Year Plans for each of the brands. This work ensures that the values, culture and strategy are all aligned. The community of senior leaders in the business is known as 'Leadership Live'. This group is comprised of leaders across brands and functions and we recognise the importance of regular, high quality communication with this group who meet at least annually and who have virtual gatherings during the period. Our aspiration is to achieve a team member base reflective of society at all levels, providing opportunity for all, regardless of background, gender, sexual orientation, disability or age. Our gender split across the business, using the same data as used in our gender pay reporting, shows 52% of our team members are female and 48% are male. This is split across Directors 100% male, Senior Leadership team 80% male and 20% female, both of which are not reflective of the recruitment policy across the Group, and all other roles are 48% male and 52% female. Communication across the business is multi layered with a variety of channels and including the annual Town Hall meetings and the brand and functional conferences. Some of these were "virtual meetings" during 2021. Principle 2 - Board Composition The Board includes a Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer who are supported by four other Directors nominated by Blackstone Group. The size and composition of the Board is considered to be appropriate for the nature and scale of the business. Principle 3 - Director Responsibilities The Board has a programme of monthly ·meetings and governance of the Group is reviewed on a regular basis. The Board reviews trading performance, ensuring adequate funding, setting and monitoring strategy, examining major acquisition possibilities and reporting to shareholders. To enable the Board to discharge its duties, all Directors receive appropriate and timely information. Briefing papers are distributed to all Directors in advance of Board meetings. The Board receives regular and timely information· on all key aspects of the business including health and safety, risks and opportunities, the financial performance of the business, strategy, executive forecasts, operational matters, market conditions and sustainability, all supported by Key Performance Indicators (KPIs) and a Balanced Score card for each brand and functional area. The work of the Board and its Committees is underpinned by delegations of authority. Principle 4 - Opportunity and Risk The Board promotes the long-term sustainable success of the company by identifying opportunities to create and preserve value. Review of operational and financial risks is delegated to the Risk Board and strategic decision-making is reserved for the Board and some non-financial risks are reviewed. The Board also considers all major projects (as defined by their value and risk profile) and approves them before any work is authorised. The Risk Board also considers further risks as part of the day to day management of the business. The principal risks and uncertainties are described on page 3 of this report. The Audit Committee is scheduled to meet twice per annum. It is responsible for reviewing a wide range of matters including the annual financial statements before their submission to the Board and monitoring the controls which are in force to ensure the integrity of the information reported to the shareholders. The Audit and Risk Committee advises the Board on the appointment of external auditors and on their remuneration both for audit and non-audit work, and discusses the nature, scope and results of the audit with the external    auditors. The audit committee keeps under review the cost effectiveness and the independence and objectivity of the external auditors. Principle 5 - Remuneration The Remuneration Committee's (RemCo) primary objective is to set remuneration at a level that will enhance the company's resources by securing and retaining quality senior management who can deliver the strategic ambitions in a manner consistent with both its purpose and the interests of its shareholders. The committee meets at least twice per annum. Specifically, the RemCo considers gender pay-gap, executive pay and bonus structures and conducts regular benchmarking of salary and compensation packages throughout our business. Principle 6 - Stakeholders The Board is clear that good governance and effective communication are essential on a day-to-day basis to deliver our purpose and to protect the company's brands, reputation and relationships with all our stakeholder community including shareholders, guests and holiday home owners, employees, suppliers and the local communities in which we work. Annual team engagement surveys are performed to highlight improvements in the Group's strategic direction, optimism in the future and career opportunities. Each brand in the group undertakes extensive, independent guest satisfaction polling and all Brands have high levels of NPS. The findings are used to improve guest and owner advocacy in line with our mission to be the UK's most loved holiday and holiday home ownership business.
