   Corporate Governance Statement The Board considered The Companies (Miscellaneous ~eporting) Regulations 2018 (the "Regulations") and reviewed the Wates Corporate Governance Principles for Private Businesses ("Wates Principles") published on 10 December 2018 as well as the UK Corporate Governance Code and the Board considered the Wates Principles the most appropriate for its corporate governance reporting and has applied these during the year. Wates Princiole Principle 1 Purpos~ and Leadership An effective Board develops and promotes the purpose of a company, and ensures that its values, strategy and culture align with that purpose How it has been ·aoolied bv the Comoanv The majority of the Directors are members of the Company's Executive Team which meets regularly. At these meetings significant issues impacting the Company are discussed which enables the Directors to gain .an understanding of the views of not only the Management Team and the key areas of fe>cusbut also the wider workforce and the Company's stakeholders. Additionally, a majority of the Directors attend a monthly review meeting where· further discussions. take place to ensure that the voice of the stakeholders is heard and taken into consideration. The stated purpose of the Company is "to make a difference with real care" and the Board. communicated this purpose throughout the business via leadership meetings and webinars and has cascaded it to every level of management so that managers in turn include it in their communication with their teams. . Alongside· the purpose, the stated values of the Company are "caring, genuine, collaborative and driven", which the Board promoted in its messaging to employees and other key stakeholders, and which underpinned the strategy of the Board in its decision making throughout the year, particularly .in the light of the Coronavirus pandemic where decisions were taken in a much shorter time frame than usual. A Covid-19 taskforce was formed. This taskforce reviewed and discussed matters relating to the pandemic with regard to the safeguarding of our people, customers and the business, this mirrored the Board's message to the taskforce that the • safety and wellbeing of the workforce and customers was its priority. • The Board believes the clear purpose and values helped to drive the culture of the Company, and through its engagement with stakeholders the Board ensured it was in a position to listen to, and take account of, the views of its :.takcholdcrs when setting the overall strategy of the Company. ·, Page 9    DocuSign Envelope ID: 7D31 E4EB-39A5-4EEA-8B76-E9634934ESED BELRON UK LIMITED DIRECTORS' REPORT (CONTINUED) FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2021 Principle 2 Board Composition Effective _Boardcomposition requires an effective chair and a balance of skills, backgrounds, experience and - knowledge, with individual Directors having sufficient capacity to make a valuable contribution. The size of a Board should be guided by the scale and complexity of the company. Appointments to the ioard are guided by the Company's shareholder Belron International Limited in consultation with members of the Board. The Directors do not consider it appropriate to appoint a separate Chair and Chief Executive. • The Board is supported by an Executive Team who.ensure the Board is supplied· with relevant and appropriate information enabling the Directors to focus on the strategy, business needs and the interests of all stakeholders. The Board has identified key standing agenda items for Board Meetings and sufficient information is provided to individual Directors in advance of meetings to ensure transparency and allow time for challenge during the decision making process. Conflicts of interest (if any arise) are declared at every Board meeting and there is also a register of any conflicts of interest at group level. A Board skills evaluation is carried out at least annually to ensure there ·is an appropriate mix of skills as well to consider whether the Board is of an appropriate size and structure to provide effective challenge. The Board considers it has an appropriate balance of expertise, diversity and objectivity and does not consider it necessary to appoint any· non-executive directors. The size of the Board is dictated by Belron Group policy and the Directors have agreed that the composition of the Board is annrooriate to the size of the business. . Principle 3 Director Responsibilities The Board and individual Directors should have a clear understanding of their accountability and responsibilities. The Board's policies and procedures should support effective decision-making and independent challenge. The responsibilities of each Director are well defined, and each Director has a clear understa_nding of their accountability and access to training where necessary. The individual directors and the Board continue to investigate and challenge the quality and integrity of the information contained in the reports they receive to ensure the systems and controls are operating effectively. Having reviewed the operations of the Company the Directors do not consider it necessary to form Committees of the Board. The Directors believe sufficient information is provided to the Board and individual Directors to enable efficient decision making in such areas as finance, risk, and succession ulc:1r111ina. Page 10    DocuSign Envelope ID: 7D31 E4E8-39A5-4EEA-8B76-E9634934E5ED BELRON UK LIMITED DIRECTORS' REPORT (CONTINUED) FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2021 Principle 4 Opportunity and Risk A Board should promote the long-term sustainable success of the company by identifying opportunities to create and preserve value, and establishing oversight for the identification and mitigation of risks. The Company operates within the wider Belron Group of Companies and accordingly the Board is guided by not only its immediate shareholder, Belron International Limited, but also the strategy of the Belron Group as a whole. However, the Board, through communication with its Executive Management Team, works to identify new opportunities which not only fit with the wider strategy of. the Group but also help to sustain the long-term success• of the Company. The Board has responsibility for identifying the risks to the business, . this is· monitored, with the •Executive management team, across the business and considered at Board meetings. The key risks are listed in the Strategic Reoort. Principle 5 Remuneration A board should promote executive remuneration structures aligned to the long-term sustainable success of a company, taking into account pay and_conditionselsewhere in the company. The remuneration of the Directors is set at a Group level as remuneration at a senior level is guided by a wider Belron Group policy. • r For the Company, in conjunction with the Company's head of reward, the Board considered remuneration policies in relation to the employees of the Company. This included pay bands linked to responsibilities in order to ir:,centivise management and progress through these pay bands is availaple. In addition, the Board considers; and if· appropriate recomme_ndsand approves the payment of a discretionary bonus ,to staff based on the financial performance of the Company. The Company published a gender pay gap report which can be viewed on the website. Page 11 /    DocuSign En~elope ID: 7D31 E4E8-39A5-4EEA-8B76-E9634934E5ED BELRON UK LIMITED DIRECTORS' REPORT (CONTINUED) FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2021 Principle 6 Stakeholder relation,ships and engagement Directors should foster effective stakeholder relationships aligned to the company's purpose. The Board is responsible for overseeing meaningful engagement . with stakeholders, including the workforce, and having regards to their views when taking decisions. During the year the Directors identified what they considered to be Principal Decisions (the "Decisions") being taken by the Company as well the Company's key stakeholders. The Directors have considered the composition of the Board and are satisfied that there is sufficient representation to enable the equal consideration of all stakeholders to be taken into account when Decisions are taken. Engagement with customers was a key focus for the Board throughout the year. Net Promoter Score (NPS) is measured and reported to the Board so that at Board meetings· . the. Board can consider the impact of their strategy on .customers. The Company measures employee· engagement via an annual ~ngagement survey and a pulse survey of the whole workforce. The 2021 engagement survey had a response rate of 89%, with an overall engagement score for the Company of 84%, and the Pulse survey had a response rate of 88% with and overall engagement rate of 84%, these results were a significant improvement on the previous year and in line with the UK norm, as benchmarked by an external provider. • In order. to understand the Company's environmental impact, the Board considers the data provide in it Responsible Business insights report in order to identify further opportunity to continue to try to reduce our impact on the environment. Over the last 4. years we have reduced our Scope 1 carbon emission (Scope 1 in accordance with GHG Protocol) bf over 40%, we currently purchase 100% of our electricity from renewable sources and we recycled 100% of our glass waste. • The Board and individual Directors ensure there is regular interaction with the Company's stakeholders: this can be via the sales team's interaction with insurance partners, the .procurement team's interaction ·with suppliers or emolovees' involvement in local charities.
