   Corporate governance The BHL (UK) Holdings Limited board of directors is the governing body of BHL (UK) Holdings Limited and its subsidiaries (the "Group") and is responsible for the strategic management of the business and all operational matters.    Subsidiaries within the Group maintain a comprehensive level of monitoring, compliance, regulation, assurance and risk assessment in relation to all of their regulated entities, as specified in the Strategic report. The BHL UK Group maintains a comprehensive level of monitoring, compliance, assurance and risk assessment in relation to all of its regulated and other entities, as specified in the strategic report. For the year ended 30 June 2021 BGL (Holdings) Limited ("BGL") has voluntarily applied 'The Wates Corporate Governance Principles for Large Private Companies' ('the Principles'). We have set out below how the Principles have been applied during the year. Changes to the corporate governance arrangements since the year end Changes to the BGL Group's operating model were implemented to devolve central BGL Group activity into the operating divisions. To align the BGL Group's corporate governance structure with the changes to the Group's operating model, a restructuring of the BGL Board was carried out with effect from 1 July 2021. As part of this restructuring, a number of independent Non-Executive Directors joined the boards of the BGL Group's regulated companies, Compare The Market Limited and BISL Limited and its direct subsidiaries (the "Divisional Boards"), being the companies through which the Compare The Market and 100 divisions operate. The overall goal of the restructuring is to strengthen and empower the Divisional Boards and simplify the governance of the BGL Group's regulated entities, with governance driven from the divisional level, and decisions taken closest to the BGL Group's customers. The Independent Group Chair, Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer and three shareholder representative Non-Executive Directors have remained as directors of the BGL Board. The BGL Board's, Audit, Risk and. Remuneration Committees have been disbanded, with these Committees having been established by each of the Divisional Boards. The role of the BGL Board is to act as the holding company portfolio manager and will be complimentary to the role of the Divisional Boards. The BGL Board will continue to be responsible for setting the overall Group strategy, with oversight of all subsidiaries within the Group via regular and timely management information on all key aspects of the Group including, risks and opportunities, the financial performance of the Group, strategy, regulatory and strategy and operational matters and market conditions. The corporate governance arrangements disclosed below were in place throughout the year ended 30 June 2021. Purpose and leadership The BGL Group is committed to high standards of corporate governance appropriate to the size and nature of the business. The BGL Board of Directors is the governing body of BGL (Holdings) Limited and as the ultimate BGL Group parent company it is responsible for the strategic management of the business of BGL (Holdings) Limited and its subsidiaries (the "BGL Group"). The BGL Board recognises the value of maintaining strong relationships with a broad range of stakeholders and understanding their views in delivering the BGL Group's strategy. The perspectives of the BGL Group's key stakeholders, including its shareholders, who are represented on the BGL Board, are taken into account as part of the BGL Board's discussions. The BGL Group's values define the BGL Group's culture and form the basis of the way in which it does business with customers, colleagues and communities. These values are well embedded across the BGL Group and are underpinned by a framework of behaviours, which set out how the BGL Group conducts itself. These behaviours are embedded into the day to day operations of the BGL Group and incorporated into the appraisal process for all employees. BGL Board composition During the year, the BGL Board comprised of an independent Non-Executive Chair, Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer, five Independent Non-Executive Directors and two shareholder representative Non-Executive Directors. The Independent Non-Executive Directors are wholly independent in that they have no material business or relationships with the company that might influence their independence or judgement.    In order to facilitate effective decision making and constructive challenge, the BGL Board is committed to ensuring that it remains diverse, comprising a range of perspectives, experience, knowledge and skills. Biographies for each Director can be found on the BGL Group's website https://www.bglgroup.co.uk/about-us/bgl-board. The BGL Board has a Nomination Committee, which is responsible for keeping the structure, size and composition of the BGL Board and the Boards of the regulated operating subsidiaries under review and identifying and nominating for the approval of the BGL Board, candidates to fill BGL Board vacancies, as and when they arise. This review and identification process includes an evaluation of the balance of skills, knowledge, experience and diversity on the BGL Board as well as the independence of Non-Executive Directors. The roles of the Chair and Chief Executive Officer are separate and clearly defined. The Chair is responsible for the leadership and effectiveness of the BGL Board. The Chief Executive Officer is responsible for the running of the BGL Group in the development, implementation and achievement of the vision, strategy and plans, and ensuring the overall effectiveness of the Executive Team. The Chair and Company Secretary arrange a comprehensive tailored induction programme for all newly-appointed Non-Executive Directors, which includes dedicated time with BGL Group executives and scheduled trips to business operations. The programme is tailored based on experience, background and the requirements of the role. The BGL Board has a programme of on-going training and development for Directors, and during the year, members of the BGL Board received training and briefings on a range of topics, including industry and technology developments relevant to the BGL Group's business and regulatory matters. BGL Director responsibilities The BGL Board has oversight of all subsidiaries within the BGL Group via regular and timely management information on all key aspects of the BGL Group including, risks and opportunities, the financial performance of the BGL group, strategy, regulatory and strategy and operational matters and market conditions. During the year, certain governance responsibilities are delegated to other BGL Board committees (Audit, Risk, Remuneration, and, Nomination). These committees' responsibilities are outlined in their terms of reference, which were reviewed annually for approval by the BGL Board. Membership of these committees includes both independent Non-Executive Directors, together with the shareholder representative Non-Executive Directors, who support effective decision making and independent challenge. The BGL Board has a clear schedule of matters reserved for the decision of the BGL Board, and delegates authority for day-to-day management of the BGL Group to the BGL Group Executive Committee. The Committee was chaired by the Chief Executive Officer and its membership included the Chief Financial Officer and leaders of each business, Risk & Compliance, Human Resources and Technology functions. In order to ensure that the BGL Board maintains its ability to ensure objective and effective decision making, there is a clear BGL Board procedure in place for the monitoring and, where appropriate, authorising of any potential conflicts of interest that each Director may have. This includes in respect of situational conflicts of interest that may arise as a result of holding directorships on other BGL Group company boards. The BGL Directors are regularly reminded of their continuing obligations in relation to conflicts and are required annually to review and confirm their external interests, which helps to determine their continued independence.    The BGL Board receives regular and timely information on all key aspects of the BGL Group's business. During the year, there has been an ongoing focus on developing the management information provided to the BGL Board to ensure that it is fully aligned with the evolution of the BGL Group's strategy and continues to provide timely and relevant insight to the BGL Board. As part of review of management information provided to the BGL Board, there has been an increasing degree of co-ordination of agendas and papers between the BGL Board and its committees and the Executive Team to further strengthen the integrity of information relied upon by the BGL Board. Opportunity and risk The BGL Board is responsible for setting the BGL Group's strategy. In approving the strategy, the BGL Board considers a wide range of factors in order to determine how BGL will create and preserve long term value and fulfil its objectives with regards to a broad range of stakeholders. The BGL Group maintains a comprehensive level of monitoring, compliance, assurance and risk assessment in relation to all of its regulated and other entities, as specified in the Strategic report. The BGL Board has established a risk management approach that separates risk management responsibilities into "3 lines of defence". The first line of defence is executive management who are responsible for owning and managing risks on a day-to-day basis, the second line of defence comprises a number of group-level functions and committees providing oversight and challenge to the first line of defence, and the third line of defence is provided by BGL Group Internal Audit which provides independent assurance on the adequacy and effectiveness of the BGL Group's risk management and internal control framework. Risk management and audit assurance are overseen by the BGL Group Risk Committee and BGL Group Audit Committee respectively. The Group Risk Committee terms of reference included advising the BGL Board on the risk management framework and risk appetite, reviewing the effectiveness of the Group's risk management activity, and reviewing the principal risk policies. The committee had oversight over the challenge to the integrity of operational risk information reported to the BGL Board. The Group Risk Committee was chaired by an independent Non-Executive Director. The BGL Group Audit Committee terms of reference included monitoring the scope, independence, objectivity and effectiveness of the audit process; ensuring that management addresses external auditors' recommendations and observations; reviewing the programme and effectiveness of the internal audit function; and monitoring the effectiveness of internal controls. These activities underpinned the BGL Board's consideration of the integrity of the financial information upon which the BGL Board relies. The BGL Group Audit Committee was chaired by an independent Non-Executive Director. For the principal subsidiaries, Audit & Risk Committees were established which were chaired by independent Non-Executive Directors. Remuneration The BGL Board aims to employ a high-performing workforce, rewarded in line with our values and incentivised to promote the Group's purpose and strategy. The BGL Board delegates responsibility for setting remuneration policy for Directors, senior managers and employees to the Remuneration Committee. The members of the Committee are independent Non-Executive Directors with the exception of two shareholder representative Non-Executive Directors. The Committee is responsible for promoting the long-term success of the BGL Group by determining remuneration packages and arrangements which advances the BGL Group's performance and furthers the achievement of BGL Group's purpose, values and strategy. Decisions surrounding remuneration are also aligned to comply with the expectations of the BGL Group's regulators and the impact on employee conduct and fair outcomes for customers and shareholders.    n practice this means the Committee considers these factors when setting the terms for remuneration packages and aligns employee bonus schemes (including those for directors and senior managers) with relevant performance-related criteria that support these objectives.
