   Statement of Corporate Governance Arrangements For the year ended 25 March 2022, the Company has applied the Wates Corporate Governance Principles for Large Companies (the "Principles"). Application of the Principles by the Company during the year is set out below. Principle 1 - Purpose and Leadership The Company is part of the Biffa Group. The pie Board is responsible for setting the Company's purpose and values and ensuring these are aligned with the Group's culture. The Group's purpose is to 'change the way people think about waste', alongside our vision, 'leading the way in UK sustainable waste management'. Our culture is the way that we work together and is fundamental to how we operate. We pride ourselves on our common-sense approach to sustainable waste management, our collaborative working and our ability to get things done. The pie Board has a clear corporate governance framework comprising Board reserved matters, various Committees with their Terms of Reference and the Group delegated authorities matrix ensuring decision making at appropriate levels within the Group. The pie Board is responsible for promoting the long-term success of the Company for the benefit of its members as a whole, taking into account other stakeholders as defined by s.172 and the Articles of Association and including but not limited to setting the Company's strategic aims, monitoring performance of the Company and management against these aims and the operation of effective controls and compliance with corporate governance principles. Principle 2 - Board Composition The Chairman of the pie Board assesses the composition annually to ensure that the balance of responsibilities, accountabilities and decision-making across the Company is effectively maintained. The Directors have equal voting rights when making decisions, except the Chair who has the casting vote. All Directors have access to the advice and services of the Company Secretary. The role of the pie Board is to promote the long-term success of the Company, generating value for shareholders and contributing to wider society by providing effective leadership and direction to the business as a whole. It sets the Group's strategy, having regard to stakeholders while maintaining a balanced approach to risk within a framework of effective controls. It has also established the Company's purpose and values and monitors culture to ensure alignment. It sets the tone and approach to corporate governance and is responsible for the overall financial performance of the Group. During the year, the pie Board received a corporate governance update on remuneration matters from FIT, our external Remuneration Advisor, and corporate governance updates from an audit and risk perspective from the External Auditor. In addition, the Directors undertake their own training and development which has included topical updates on corporate governance, technology, sustainability, and cyber security matters. Principle 3 - Director Responsibilities The Biffa Group has a clear corporate governance framework comprising Board reserved matters, various Committees with their Terms of Reference and the Group delegated authorities matrix ensuring decision making at appropriate levels within the Group. The pie Board members have separate clearly defined roles and responsibilities and each member of the pie Board has a range of skills and experience that is relevant to the successful operation of the Group. The pie Board held a number of meetings throughout the year. The key areas of focus in the year were the Group's acquisition of Viridor's collections business and certain recycling assets, the private placement loans issuance, and the reinstatement of the Group's dividend. All pie Board decision making includes the consideration of a number of factors relating to s.172 and the different interactions with and impacts upon the various stakeholders of the Biffa Group.    The role of the pie Board is to promote the long-term sustainable success of the Company, generating value for its shareholders within a framework of effective controls, which enable risks to be assessed and managed. Biffa's risk appetite is approved by the pie Board and reviewed annually. The Group dedicates significant resources and focus to manage and monitor risks via our Internal Audit team. The Audit Committee monitors risk management processes and controls on behalf of the pie Board. The pie Board has overall responsibility for risk management at Biffa. In support of this, risk management is firmly embedded within our everyday business activities and our culture. The pie Board recognises its responsibility to ensure that the Group's internal control systems and risk management framework are effective. The Audit Committee has specific delegated authority to review the effectiveness of the risk management and internal control processes during the year. Day-to-day risk management and control is the responsibility of the Group Executive Team, with pie Board oversight, and is designed to ensure that management provides leadership and direction to employees so that our overall risk-taking activity is kept within our risk appetite. Principle 5 - Remuneration The Company's remuneration policy and practices are consistent with the six factors set out in Provision 40 of the UK Corporate Governance Code, being clarity, simplicity, risk, predictability, proportionality and alignment to culture. This is approved by the Biffa pie Remuneration Committee, which applies to all employees within the Biffa Group. Our annual bonus schemes are directly linked to the annual Group Balanced Business Plan targets. These include the results of the annual employee engagement survey, the Health & Safety improvement targets, as well as behaviours underpinned by our values. The Biffa Group reports on the pay ratio of the Group CEO to UK employees and details of this can be found in the Director's Remuneration Report in the ARA 2022 which is available at https://www.biffa.eo.uk/investors. Biffa pie also reports on our gender pay gap and on the steps we are taking in relation to this at https://www.biffa.co. uk/about-us/policies. Principle 6 - Stakeholders Relationships and Engagement Details about the Company's stakeholders can be found in the ARA 2022.
