   Corporate Governance Statement The Board is committed to ensuring high standards of corporate governance are promoted and maintained at all times. Following the introduction of The Companies (Miscellaneous Reporting) Regulations 2018 ("the Regulations") it is necessary for large companies, as defined under the Regulations, to publish a statement of their corporate governance arrangements within the directors' report. In 2018 the Government invited the Financial Reporting Council to work with a variety of partners to develop a set of corporate governance principles for large private companies. This review was led by James Wates and his.working group were asked to prepare principles to help those companies comply with the reporting requirements under the Regulations. The six principles are: 1. Purpose and Leadership - An effective board develops and promotes the purpose of a company and ensures that its values, strategy and culture align with that purpose. 2. Board Composition - Effective board composition requires an effective chair and a balance of skills, backgrounds, experience and knowledge, with individual directors having sufficient capacity to make a valuable contribution. The size ofa board should be guided by the scale and complexity of the company. 3. Director Responsibilities - The board and individual directors should have a clear understanding of their accountability and responsibilities. The board's policies and procedures should support effective decision making and independent challenge. 4. Opportunity and Risk - A board should promote the long-term sustainable success of the company by identifying opportunities to create and preserve value, establishing oversight for the identification and mitigation ofrisks. 5. Remuneration -A board should promote executive remuneration structures aligned to the long-term sustainable success of a company, taking into account pay and conditions elsewhere in the company. 6. Stakeholder Relationships and Engagement- Directors should foster effective stakeholder relationships aligned to the company's purpose. The board is responsible for overseeing meaningful engagement with stakeholders, including the workforce, and having regards to their views when taking decisions. The directors of the Company present how the Wates principles apply to the corporate governance strategy, policy and procedures in place during the financial year: Purpose and Leadership - Principle One The Company, as a wholly owned subsidiary of the Bouygues group is an integrated member of the Bouygues Energies and Services division and has a single shareholder. The Board is responsible for reviewing the Group's strategic direction, governance, ethics, values and risk management. In addition to the ongoing monitoring of operational and financial performance of the Company, the Board undertakes to develop and promote the vision of the Company and the Bouygues group to deliver smart, sustainable solutions an<;!services for infrastructure, buildings and industry. The Board ensures that the Company aligns to the Bouygues values, strategy and culture through the development and implementation of strategic business plans which address the three core pillars of: People - Developing a truly diverse, inclusive and upskilled business to adapt, innovate and succeed in a rapidly changing environment through focus on: • Health & Wellbeing • Diversity & Inclusion • Employee experience • New ways of working    Client - Offering a unique client experience and becoming their long-term preferred partner through focus on: • • Client experience Business communities • New offers Planet - Preserving·our planet for everyone's long-term benefit through focus on a: • • Carbon plan Sustainability & Environment plan The Board continually monitors its targets and performance in order to maintain and improve upon its own effectiveness. Board composition - Principle Two Board effectiveness The directors who served through the year and up to the date of this report are listed on page 8. The Board is collectively responsible to its shareholder for ensuring the long-term success of the Company and developing the Company's overall strategy. The Board is also responsible for monitoring the Company's performance and for ensuring that prudent and effective controls are in place to assess and manage risk. • The Chairman takes responsibility for leading the Board and ensuring that it functions effectively promoting open debate and facilitating.constructive discussion. The Board considers that the balance and diversity of skills, backgrounds, experience and knowledge amongst the various board members enables it to exercise effective leadership and control of the Company. Director Responsibilities - Principle Three There are quarterly scheduled meetings in the year at which the Board reviews all significant aspects of the Company's activities and makes decisions in relation to those matters that are specifically reserved to the Board. There are certain standing items on the agenda that are considered at every board meeting, specifically: • • • • Quality, Health, Safety & Environment Corporate Governance (including corporate responsibility, ethics and compliance) Business Performance Additional meetings of the Board are held as and when required. For each board meeting there is a formal agenda with supporting papers issued in advance of the meeting. The directors receive regular updates on the Company's financial performance and review monthly reports which provide comprehensive informati()n on the performance, challenges and risks for each sector of the business. These updates and reports enable the Directors to monitor and challenge the performance of the Company and make informed decisions. The Company's corporate risk register is formally _reviewed at the scheduled board meetings. The Board considers that the schedule of planned and ad hoc meetings is appropriate and effective. During the past year the directors have sought to carry out their duties as required under S 172 of the Companies Act 2006 as referred to in the Strategic Report. Appointment and Reappointment of directors All proposed appointments and reappointments are formally considered by the Company's parent company, Bouygues Energies & Services SAS. The directors do not retire by rotation and may hold office for as long as the Board deems appropriate. The Board seeks to ensure that there is an appropriate balance of expertise and diversity amongst its members. Board performance evaluation The Board's performance is monitored by its parent company on an ongoing basis. Each of the individual Directors are subject to annual performance appraisals.    The Board believes it has the balance of skills, backgrounds, experience and knowledge to perform effectively and that all directors have sufficient time to devote to the affairs of the Company. Development All directors have access to training to enable them to carry out their duties effectively and can take independent professional advice in furtherance of their duties if necessary. Opportunity and Risk - Principle Four In order to achieve stable and sustainable growth, the Board recognises that it has a responsibility for the Company's overall approach to strategic decision making and effective risk management. This requires oversight ofrisk and how it is managed. The Company has established Risk and Audit committees which comprise representatives from a cross section of operational and support service functions. A risk register is maintained, reviewed and assessed using a RAG metric by the risk committee. The risk register is in tum reported to the Board for review and consideration. The audit committee sets out an annual programme of internal audits which is responsive to current and emerging risks. Remuneration - Principle Five Appropriate and fair levels ofremuneration help companies to secure and retain high-quality directors, senior management and workforce. The responsibility of setting pay levels is assumed by the Board in conjunction with the parent company. In determining the remuneration, the performance of the business during the financial year is taken into consideration together with future strategy and growth projections. Pay levels are set taking into account minimum wage obligations, living wage levels an.dare commensurate with market levels. Performance is continually under review and remuneration packages revised where appropriate. Stakeholder Relationships and Engagement - Principle Six The Board endeavours to foster effective stakeholder relationships aligned to the Company's purpose and is responsible for overseeing meaningful engagement with stakeholders. The Board is committed to fostering effective stakeholder relationships which are aligned to its values, strategy and culture. The main stakeholders identified by the Company are; Employees, Shareholders, Clients, Supply Chain Partners and Community & Environment. • The relationships and engagement with these stakeholders is set out in the Section 172 Companies Act 2006 Statement contained within the Strategic report on pages 4 and 5.
