   Corporate governance Wates Principles The Wates Principles are a set of corporate governance principles providing a high-level, flexible governance code for companies that meet certain criteria and BGSL falls into this category. There are six short-form principles and associated guidance that the Company fully supports. BGSL has taken the exemption from Streamlined Energy and Carbon Reporting ('SECR') disclosures as these have been disclosed in the Centrica pie group accounts, on page 35. Purpose and leadership principle BGSL has a well-developed and defined purpose as described in principal activities on page l; the Board leads this. The Board also ensures its values and culture align with that purpose, such as employment practices, risk management and compliance functions, and a clear strategy to generate long-term sustainable value. Board composition principle BGSL Board has a balance of executives and independent non-executives and delegates functions to committees, each with an effective chair with a balance of skills, background, experience and knowledge. Director responsibilities principle BGSL directors adhere to the corporate governance practices established and maintained, providing clear lines of accountability and responsibility to support effective decision-making, along with .Committees with clear terms considering matters such as financial reporting, risk, succession and remuneration. Directors have established internal processes to ensure systems and controls operate effectively, such as KPis, workforce data, consumer data and board papers. The Directors: • provide leadership of the common regulated business; • operate within a framework of prudent and effective risk management and controls; • set a strategy and risk appetite for itself, within the agreed appetite and policies of Centrica pie; • ensure the direction and performance of the businesses operate within that strategy and risk appetite; and • ensure it is managed competently and in accordance with legal and regulatory expectations.    Opportunity and risk principle BGSL manages this principle through appropriate risk management systems, defined roles and responsibilities, and identified principal risks and regular reporting. The BGSL Board also considers and assesses how the company creates and preserves value over the long term.    Remuneration-principle BGSL applies appropriate remuneration levels to secure and retain high-quality directors, senior management and the workforce. Group policies on remuneration structures take into account the pay and conditions of the wider workforce and matters such as the gender pay gap. BGSL Board has delegated a committee to oversee remuneration for directors and senior managers. Stakeholder relationships and engagement principle The BGSL Board considers how the company's activities impact both current and future stakeholders. BGSL Board seeks to understand and collaborate with stakeholders to grow the business for customers and society over the long term and uses formal and informal channels to engage with stakeholders. The Company has applied the principles and been fully compliant throughout the year.
