   Statement of corporate governance arrangements Effective corporate governance is a key guideline for The Caffe Nero Group for the year ending 31 May 2022. The Group has applied the Wates Corporate Governance Principles for Large Private Companies as its framework for disclosure regarding its corporate governance arrangements. Principle 1 - Purpose and Leadership Caffe Nero was founded in 1997 with the purpose 'Making a Positive Difference in the Lives of the People With Whom We Come In Contact'. This principle has governed the decision making of the business since the Group was founded and still sits at its foundation. The Group aspires to be the world's leading European Coffee House Brand, but its real purpose is to make a positive difference along,the way. The four key areas of focus to uphold this purpose are: Our own teams - Training our own people to understand our values and encourage them to engage with their peers, customers and communities in a positive, caring way. Local communities -positively impact the customers and communities where our stores are located Coffee farmers - Work with and treat with respect the coffee farmers and their communities where we source our coffee beans Humanitarian Projects - assist and embrace goodwill projects that make a positive difference around the world Further details of these areas of focus can be found in the Ethics, sustainability and supporting communities section of the strategic repo1i on page 8. Caffe Nero also publishes a clear behavioural code in the employee handbook which applies to all employees and also runs training and support services for all employees on how to manage difficult or challenging situations in stores with customers. Principle 2 - Board Composition The Caffe Nero's Board structure consists of a Supervisory Board or Main Board. It is chaired by the Founder and Group CEO and other members include the Group CFO, the U.K. CEO and U.K. MD as well as independent financial lender representation, independent shareholder representation and independent non-executives with wide industry experience to provide oversight. The Board meets regularly to preside over business issues, Company performance, strategic direction and future activity for the Group. The CEO and CFO each have over 20 years of experience in the coffee industry and are among the longest serving and most experienced coffee industry executives in the world.    oversees the management and operations of the business in the respective territory. The CEO of each territory is appointed by the Supervisory Board. These country operating Boards are responsible for the day to day running of the business in each country and are accountable to the Supervisory Board. Principle 3 - Director responsibility The Supervisory Board/Main Board maintains effective oversight of the Company's business with the founder and Group CEO and has ultimate responsibility for any decisions on policy and finance. Some decisions are taken by members of the Board with specific functional knowledge and expe1ience, but such decisions are taken with Board awareness to ensure the con-ect safeguards and review processes are in place. The Main Board delegates day to day management of each territory to the Executive Management Board of each country and decisions are made with the suppo1t of the senior Group leadership team, consisting of expert department heads and subject experts. Recommendations are made by the senior leadership team, which are reviewed and approved by each Management Board. Each ten-itory Management Board meets weekly (more regularly where circumstances dictate), while the Supervisory Board meets at regular intervals throughout the year. External legal advice is taken by the territory Boards and directors on key specific issues to ensure impartial and expert information is provided to help guide decision making. Principle 4 - Opportunity and Risk Opportunities These are identified through a robust business planning process which has the senior leadership teams in each territory identify and propose strategic plans to each country's Executive Board. These annual tenitory business plans are then sent to the Supervisory Board which, through discussion, aligns them with the Group's wider strategic annual, 3 year and 5 year plans. Risk Management Directors and senior leaders are responsible for identifying potential risks within their area of responsibility. All identified risks are assessed against any possible impact on the business plan, business continuity and business success. Identified risks are managed via a designated risk or crisis committee which reports directly to the Main Board. Key risks are documented along with response/management strategies, and these are constantly reviewed by the committee and Main Board in line with updated or changing information. Through the financial year, specific issues including Covid-19 were identified as significant risks to the business and specific action was taken: Weekly Executive directors meetings take place to discuss and action any remaining risk from COVID-19 and to navigate the way forward. A weekly cashflow meeting is held involving the Group CEO, Group CFO and key finance personnel within the business. The principal risks and uncertainties which are reviewed by the Main Board are listed on pages 10 to 12.    Principle 5 - Remuneration . l: l: i ! . I Remuneration decisions for each territory are delegated to each country Board, with decisions taken against the relevant pay structure. Due to the impact of Covid-19 on the business, our standard renumeration review processes were suspended. This was reinstated in the FY 22 financial year. . : . I, I I In the UK, each employee receives a twice-yearly performance review as well asan annual pa~ review, and an annual 'bonus review, which assesses an individual against personal performance and Company performanc!e. During the Covid-19 crisis, those employees above store level in the UK were asked to take a temporaiy and proportionate pay reduction to help ensure the employee pool could retain their jobs and income for'the duration of the crisis. This process was halted in September 2021, and since then all applicable employees are back to their original pay. I Principle 6 - Stakeholder relatlonshlps and Engagement Information addressing the Board's engagement with stakeholders is contained in the section 172 statement on pages 12 to 15..
