   Statement of Corporate Governance Arrangements For the year ended 31• 1 December 2021, the Company has adopted the Wates Corporate Govemance Principles ("Wates Principles"). The following considers how the Wates P1;nciples were applied by the Company throughout 2021. Principle 1 - Purpose and Leadersl,ip The Board updated its terms of reference in 2021 , which declares its purpose to be focusing on the Company values, culture and ensuring that management operates within the defined Company business strategy (the "Strategy"). The Board develops and sets the Company's purpose through its engagement with senior executives in the development of the Strategy. The Board e.nsures alignment of the Company's values, Strategy and culture to that purpose through regular review of progress against strategic goals, which is received via management. information submitted by senior executives. Further, the Board's approval is required for the Strategy, or material deviations to it. The Board has adopted the Capital One Group Mission to "Change Banking for Good" and looks to set the tone for the Company's customer centric culture. The Board considers an inclusive and diverse culture to be essential to a healthy culture overal.1 and to the long ten.n success of the Company, thus the .Board bas reviewed and approved the Company's diversity, inclusion, and belonging strategy and oversees management's delivery of that strategy on a regular basis. Principle 2 - Board Composition The Board's most recent Board effectiveness report, delivered to the Board in 202 l, evaluated the Board to be effective with valuable contributions being made by all members, induding the Chair.    Members of the Company's Board represent a range of skills and knowledge, and are from a balance of backgrounds. A mixture in Board member tenure provides differing perspectives and experience. Each Board member is also employed as a member of the senior leadership team of the Company, and therefore has a detailed, prnctical understanding of the way the Company operates. Diverse perspectives are also provided to the Board by an independent adviser, who was appointed in the second half of 2021 and is an employee withi.n the wider CapitalOne Group, though independem from the executive management:. The Company Secretary actively contributes to Board deliberations, resulting in fu1ther challenge and a second line perspective. Board members manage their time and commitment to their responsibilities, for example by having a dedicated pre-reading day of Board material. Key themes and questions are compiled to assist the Board in discharging their duties and this has resulted in more focus at Board meetings, allowing Board members to make valuable cont1ibutions to discussions. The Board decreased in size during 2021 following the departure of two members, resulting in a temporary period whereby at the end of 2021, the Board had three members (2 male and I female). The Board has undertaken an exercise to expand in size, which has included a review on how to further improve its own diversily a.nd skills. As part of th.is, the Board has idenlified and agreed on a new female member who will be appointed in 2022 which will result in the Board gender split moving to 50/50. Principle 3 - Director Responsibilities Board members have a clear understanding of their accountability and responsibility in relation to the Board, which is set out within the Company's internal documentation. This also includes information on the Board's delegated risk committee (ARC), management's governance fo111msand senior executive roles. As 'Senior Managers', all Board members have approval from the FCA to pedonn the 'Executive Director func.tion' . .Board membe1:s are trained regularly on their accountabilities and responsibil.ities as Board members, and in 202 I training was delivered by external counsel. The Board's terms of reference provide clarity on the Board's remit including matters reserved for the Board ·which support efTe<:tiveBoard decision making. They support the Board to ensure it has oversight, and approval where necessary, of material decisions and activity within the Company. The protocol for forming Board meeting agendas supports effective de<:ision making by ensuring matters reserved for the Board are put forward to the Board (i.e. material decisions). lndepe.ndent c-hallcnge is provided to the Board from a variety of sources (for example, attendance from exlemal speakers, the Company Secretary and the Board's adviser who is independent from the Company's manageme.nt). Various management forums assist and support the Board with effective governance, whilst ensuring that the Board and ARC maintain overall responsibility for challenge and oversight of decision-making by senior executives. The Board has ultimate responsibility for overseeing the Company in accordance with the risk governance stnicture it adopts and overseeing operation of the appropriate systems and comrols of the Company.    Principle 4 - Opportunity and Risk The Board pron,otes the long-term sustainable .success and preserves value of the Company through its approval and oversight of the Strategy which identifies both short and long term opportunities for the Company and considers its long-term value and success. Senior executives provide regular reports to the Board on such opportunities, and they are discussed regularly at quanerly Board meetings, and at other management forums at which Board members are present. Market insight is regularly provided to the Board from external parties, including infonnation on markc.t trends, to enable the Board to consider industry developments witb respect to potential future opportunities for the Company. In 2021 for example, the Board received external insight on customers, their choices and use of credit cards. Throughout 2021, the Boa.rd has considered tbe long tenn sustainable success of tbe Company, together with the impacts of the pandemic. The Board has requested regular updates from management on trends and risks emerging from the pandemic, and in tum, allowed for decision making in the best interests of the Company and stakeholders in the long term, including ensuring the Company's success i.na post-pandemic environment:. future opportunity is balanced against the business' risk appetite, which is constantly monitored, with risks mitigated and managed. Oversight of risk management is delegated to the Board's risk committee, ARC • (which consists of all Board members as well as key risk experts as advisors). Other dedicated management risk committees allow for further discussion of pa.11icularrisk categories such as credit tisk, liquidity risk~ operational risk and conduct risk. The Board also annually adopts Capital One Group risk policies aud receives oversight from its parent. Principle 5 - Remuneration Remuneration for all employees is managed via a Capital One Group policy, the Company's adoption of which is annually approved by the Board. Pay of each employee, including Board members, is subject to performance management processes, taking employee achievement and behaviours into account on decisions regarding discretionary pay increases, bonuses and progression. The Company's approach regarding payment of competitive c-ompensation to employees is included within the Strategy. Perfo1mance management processes are. transparent and fair, and arc. in turn subject to thorough monitoring to ensure appropriate application. Principle 6 - Stakeholder Relationships and Engagements The Board acknowledges the Company's key stakeholders as employees, customc.rs, regulators, supply chain, community and the environment, and tbe Company's shareholders, which are all within the Capital One Group. 11maintains oversight over the Company's 'Stakeholder Map'. ( a reforence document which details each of the Company's key stakeholder groups, including key examples within each category). This is reviewed and approved annualJy by tbe Board, which considers the interests of stakeholders when developing the Stratef,')' and purpose. The Board members individually foster effective stakeholder relationsh.ips, whkb are aligned to the Company's purpose, both through their role as Board members and as senior executives of the Company. The Strategy drives key business activity each year, including with respect to initiatives impacting the Company's key stakeholders which ensures ,neaningful engagement with stakeholders.    With respect to shareholder engagement, the Company CEO has regular dialogue with shareholders across the wider Capital One Gl'Oup and its ultimate parent entity, Capital One Financial Corporation. Ce11ain other senior executiveswithin the Companyhave direct or "dotted" reportinglines to exec-utiveswithin the parent company, including the Chief Financial Officer who is a Board member and has a reporting line to the parent company. Impacts to the Company's stakeholder groups arising from business decisions are actively considered across Board repo1ting, including a key stakeholder identifier in each report. The Board maintains an awarenessof the Company's stakeholderfeedback channels and receives feedbackon the output of those via information provided to it via Board reports, as well as directly from other stakeholders, including external auditors. For more information regarding the Company's stakeholder relationships, see the Company's 'Section 172(1) Statement'.
