   STATEMENT OF CORPORATE GOVERNANCE ARRANGEMENTS For the year ended 31 December 2021, under The Companies (Miscellaneous Reporting) Regulations 2018, the company has continued to follow the Wates Corporate Governance Principals for Large Private Companies (published by the Financial Reporting Council (FRC) in December 2018 and available on the FRC website). We set out below how the Wates Principals have been applied throughout the year and our plans for continuing to strengthen our approach to corporate governance going forward. Our Governance Framework will evolve as we as a business respond to the ever-changing economic and environmental landscape, and the complex challenges that demand us to come up with innovative solutions and collective action whilst maintaining our focus on our growth and core values. Principle 1 - Purpose and Leadership "The Company" is a joint venture between C Abi-Gerges and McDonald's Restaurants Limited ("McDonald's"). 51% of the Company is owned by McDonald's, with an ultimate US parent of McDonald's Corporation. The remaining 49% is owned by Claude Abi-Gerges and his wife S Abi-Gerges. The Company operates a group of franchised McDonald's restaurants predominantly in Central London. As a joint venture of McDonald's, Capital Arches Group has aligned its strategy with the McDonald's Corporation new growth strategy, Accelerating the Arches. This approach encompasses all aspects of McDonald's business as the leading global omni-channel restaurant brand, and includes a refreshed purpose, updated values, and new growth pillars that build on the McDonald's Corporation's competitive advantages. The Company believes that it is our employees who set us apart and bring our values to life on a daily basis. The Company's employee strategies aim to create an environment grounded in diversity, equity and inclusion; continually evaluate and evolve compensation and benefits programs, while offering quality training and learning opportunities; and uphold a high standard of health and safety for our employees and customers alike. The Company's approach is underpinned by a relentless focus on running great restaurants, including improving speed of service to address customer needs. The Company believes this approach will build on our inherent strengths by harnessing our competitive advantages and investing in innovations that will enhance the customer experience and deliver long-term growth. Our Values To achieve our mission to be our customers' favourite place and way to eat, our actions as individuals and as a business must reflect our values and must be embedded into our day-to-day behaviours and ethical decision-making. Our values are: 1. We place the customer experience at the core of all we do: Our customers are the reason for our existence. We demonstrate our appreciation by providing them with high quality food and superior service, in a clean, welcoming environment, at great value. 2. We are committed to our people: We provide opportunity, nurture talent, develop leaders and reward achievement. We believe that a team of well-trained individuals with diverse backgrounds and experiences, working together in an environment that fosters respect and drives high levels of engagement, is essential to our continued success. 3. We believe in the McDonald's System: The McDonald's business model, depicted by the "three-legged stool" of: o owner/operators o suppliers o company employees is our foundation, and the balance of interests amongst these three groups is key. 4. We operate our business ethically: Sound ethics is good business. At Capital Arches Group we hold ourselves, and conduct our business, to high standards of fairness, honesty and integrity. We are individually accountable and collectively responsible. 5. We give back to our communities: We take seriously the responsibilities that come with being a leader. We help our customers build better communities, support charitable organisations such as Ronald McDonald House Charities, and leverage our size, scope and resources to help make local communities place. a better    6. We grow our business profitably: We form part of a global McDonald's system. As such, we work as a system to provide sustained profitable growth for all our shareholders. This requires a continuing focus on our customers. 7. We continually strive to improve: We are a learning organisation that aims to anticipate and respond to changing customer and employee needs through constant evolution and innovation.    Our Growth Pillars As part of the McDonald's system, CAG has adopted the new growth pillars which are rooted in the McDonald's Corporation corporate identity. Under direction and guidance from McDonald's Corporation, we will: 1. Maximize Marketing by investing in new, culturally relevant approaches to effectively communicate the story of our brand, food and purpose. This will focus on enhanced digital capabilities that provide a more personal connection with customers. We are also committed to a marketing strategy that highlights value at every tier of the menu, as affordability remains a cornerstone of the McDonald's brand. 2. Commit to the chicken and coffee. Core by leveraging customer demand for the familiar and focusing on serving delicious burgers, 3. Digital, Delivery and Drive Thru by leveraging competitive strengths, accelerating technology innovation and building a digital experience growth engine that provides a fast, easy experience for our customers. o Digital: The Company's new digital experience growth engine, "MyMcDonald's" will transform its digital offerings across drive thru, takeaway, delivery, curbside pick-up and dine- in. Through the digital tools across this platform, customers will receive tailored offers, be able to participate in a new loyalty program and order and receive McDonald's food through the channel of their choice. o Delivery: Over the past three years, we have expanded the number of restaurants offering delivery and delivery sales have grown significantly. CAG will build on this progress and enhance the delivery experience for customers by optimizing operations with a focus on speed and accuracy. o Drive Thru: CAG has a number of drive thru restaurants and during the COVID 19 pandemic, this channel has heightened importance and we expect that it will become even more critical to meet customers' demand for flexibility and choice. We will build on our drive thru advantage and will support McDonald's in testing new concepts and technology to enhance the customer experience. Principle 2 - Board Composition The Board is comprised of four directors as outlined in the Company's Governance Framework. Claude Abi-Gerges - Managing Director Henry Trickey - Chairman John Park - Director Samar Abi-Gerges - Director and Company Secretary Senior management at McDonald's and the Managing Director are appointed to the Board. This ensures the Board isequipped with the appropriate balance of skills, experience and knowledge of the Company to enable it to discharge its duties and responsibilities effectively. Input from McDonald's is also provided on Directors' appointments on an ad hoc basis. Two of the Company's Directors also hold senior positions in McDonald's and are aware of the potential for conflicts of interest. All board directors of the Company from McDonald's are provided with conflicts of interest training as well as directors' duties training on a regular basis in order to mitigate any conflict. A training programme exists based on the individual's needs, skills and experience for those Directors new to the Company and senior leadership who are appointed to the Board. Directors also receive guidance on Governance Framework and Wates Principles, including training and development, as well as their duties as Directors on the Board. Principle 3 - Director Responsibilities The Board formally met three times in 2021 with the aim of focussing on key areas of business. The Board receives a briefing of items on the agenda, prior to the meeting, so that their comments and input can be taken into account at the meeting and allows the Board sufficient time to focus on key areas whilst using the time together effectively.    The responsibility for good governance lies with the Board. The Board is collectively responsible for the long-term success of the Company and achieves this through its oversight of the business and restaurants, generating value for its shareholders and its stakeholders as well as contributing to our wider communities. In exercising its duty to promote the success of the Company, the Board is responsible for overseeing the management of the Company and, in so doing, may exercise its powers, subject to any relevant laws, regulations and the Company's Articles of Association. The Board bears legal responsibility for the acts carried out on its behalf and enforces standards of accountability - all with a view to enable senior management to execute their responsibilities fully and in the interests of its stakeholders. Matters not specifically reserved for the Board have been delegated to the Managing Director for the day-to-day management of the business. The Managing Director will also lead on the direction of the business as determined by the Board. Certain matters relating to third party agreements, financing, litigation, amongst others, require Board approval. Together the Board and Managing Director ensure that the company is equipped with the appropriate balance of skills, experience and knowledge to enable it to discharge its duties and responsibilities effectively. In performing its oversight function, the Board is entitled to rely on the advice, reports and opinions of management, counsel, auditors and outside experts. Details of principal decisions made by the Board in the year are set out in the s.172 statement in the Strategic Report. Principle 4 - Opportunity and Risk The company seeks to maintain our high standards whilst balancing the risks and is committed to conducting business ethically and in compliance with the letter and spirit of the law. By carefully aligning our risk appetite to the McDonald's global strategy, we aim to deliver sustainable long-term shareholder returns. Further we strive to foster safe, inclusive and respectful workplaces wherever we do business and respect the fundamental rights of employees, which are: freedom from slavery and child labour; freedom to associate or not associate and collectively bargain; equal opportunity for everyone; a safe and healthy workplace; and freedom from discrimination and harassment. Where CAG may impact the human rights of particularly vulnerable groups, such as migrant labourers, indigenous peoples, women, or children, we are also guided by other international standards that elaborate on their rights as well as McDonald's. This commitment is reflected in our values. Inherent in each value is our commitment to be ethical, truthful and dependable and this is reflected through our Standards of Business Conduct which serves as a guide to making good decisions and conducting business ethically. McDonald's Corporation manages and assesses risk at a segment and geographical level. Many risk factors span across all McDonald's markets including the UK and the key risk factors that impact on the Company are discussed in the Strategic Report. understandingand ManagingRisk All of the Company's activities involve the measurement, evaluation, acceptance and management of risk or combinations of risks. All our employees are responsible for the management of risk, proportionate to the relevant role and level of experience, with the ultimate accountability residing with the Board. We have a strong risk culture, which is embedded through clear and consistent communication and appropriate training for all our employees, alongside corresponding risk and compliance management tools. This risk framework underpins our strategic priorities, reinforced by the brand values, helping us to identify current and future risks so that we may take decisions to prevent and limit risk while managing any material impact on our finances, reputation or business model. Employment Practices We conduct our activities in a manner that respects human rights as set out in the United Nations Declaration of Human Rights, and we are committed to ethical recruitment in our employment practices as a component of our overall human rights approach. We work alongside McDonald's Corporation to ensure that there are no modern slavery or human trafficking issues in our business, as well as utilizing their guidance on recruitment practices. A People Review is carried out by either McDonald's or CAG as part of our restaurants internal audits (ROIP) which is a comprehensive assessment of our restaurants to ensure guidance, including on modern slavery practices, is being followed as intended. McDonald's frequently audits suppliers to ensure their employment practices are suitable and in line with our own employment standards. They do this with a particular focus on construction labour and delivery drivers and riders at third-party operators. Our restaurant staff are told to report any concerning or suspicious behaviour that may suggest a third party is a potential victim of, or engaging in, modern slavery.    Human Rights The Company strives to promote a working environment that is free from unlawful harassment, victimisation, bullying and discrimination. The Company regards all of its employees as members of a team where everyone's opinion is valued, everyone is regarded as equal in status and everyone must always be treated with fairness and respect. The company's looks to ensure that no job applicant or existing employee is treated less favourably on the grounds of their gender, age, marital status, disability, race, colour, sexual orientation, nationality, ethnic origin, religion or belief and that no-one is disadvantaged by conditions, requirements or practices which cannot be shown to be just and fair. The way we recruit and work should ensure that employees are selected, promoted and treated according to their ability and that everyone has an equal opportunity to receive training and development. Business Planning The Board receives bi-annual reports from management on updates from all areas of the business including business strategy and insights, people, operations, IT & digital, and finance, which it takes into account in its discussions and decision making. Additional non-financial reports detailing the policies pursued by the Company in relation to the workforce, the environment, social matters, human rights, anti-corruption and anti-bribery matters are also received by the Board. The Company's senior leadership also convene on an Annual Planning Meeting to discuss the activities of the Company as well as discuss the business plan for the upcoming year. This may include visiting Company restaurants as part of this meeting. The Board receives updates from McDonald's on McDonald's decision making as well as updates and approaches in relation to how McDonald's deals with different policies and financial disclosures. The Board of directors determines the areas of the business that will require formal annual sign-off, including: o Financial reporting - an annual financial audit of the business is conducted o Food hygiene, health and safety periodic local authority audits are completed and published on the Food Standards agency website o Insurance cover - an update on the parameters of the insurance schedule (including claims updates) is completed annually and reviews of premiums for the following year are completed o Compliance with employment practices - our Managing Director presents an overview of the business employment practices on an annual basis Our continual and thorough engagement with the three legs of the stool, as detailed on page 13 in the s.172 statement in the Strategic Report and within the corporate governance statement in the Directors' report, gives us a unique insight into all aspects of our business as well as the wider market, from a restaurant level all the way to market trends. This ensures we are able to quickly identify risks as well as opportunities for our company and the wider McDonald's system. The Strategic Report includes the principal risks for the company. Principle 5 - Remuneration All employees' base and bonus remuneration is benchmarked regularly against the market to ensure this is consistent with the industry and no Directors are involved in deciding their own remuneration. Directors are not compensated for their services as Directors. For the McDonald's appointee directors this role is considered to be incidental to their main employment role within the McDonald's business. C Abi-Gerges and S Abi-Gerges are the owners and directors of a management services company which receives a management fee calculated in line with the joint venture agreement. Principle 6 - Stakeholders Our communications approach, influenced by McDonald's, is driven by our guiding principles embedded in our values as detailed on page 14 We aim to communicate with all parties in a way that meets their needs. We focus on open communication disclosure, with emphasis on the integrity, timeliness and relevance of the information provided. and fair Our success comes from a commitment to relationships. A deep-rooted belief that we are at our very best when we work together with our suppliers to deliver for the customers and communities we serve. How we engage with our stakeholders is detailed Engagement with suppliers, customers and others in the in the s.172 statement in the Strategic Report.
