   Corporate governance The Board consider the annual report and financial statements to comply with the Wates Principles of corporate governance, as outlined below: Our vision and values Care UK want to provide safe and stimulating environments in which residents are supported to lead Fulfilling Lives. Care UK will do this by being the best operator, delivering the best care and quality and investing in its people and environments. Fulfilling Lives is the core purpose "Every one of us makes a difference" is the belief that drives Care UK Caring, Passionate and Teamwork are the values that underpin everything Care UK does Fulfilling lives has given Care UK a framework to focus on our key strategic priorities for care quality, and increasingly it has become an approach that informs every aspect of the business. Care UK's Board has developed a strategy and business model to generate long-term sustainable value. Care UK can only deliver fulfilling lives if everyone commits to living the values in everything Care UK does. The Board, shareholders and management are committed to these values and have ensured they are embedded into the functions and operations of the business, including care quality governance, employment practices, risk management and compliance frameworks. This is monitored through resident and relatives feedback surveys and studies, Care UK's Colleague Voices employee engagement programme and working closely with regulators. Board composition, responsibilities, and obligations Care UK's Board comprises six Individuals, four of whom are non-executive and two executives, the CEO and CFO. Two of the non-executives represent the majority shareholder. The Chairperson is also a non-executive. Board members possess the required combination of skills, backgrounds, experience and knowledge for their roles to: provide constructive challenge and criticism; enable effective decision-making; and to promote responsibility, integrity and accountability through its corporate governance practices. Full Board meetings are held monthly and the following sub-committees are in place: The Audit Committee, The Remuneration Committee These committees are chaired by Non-Executives and meet as required. The Board retains responsibility for all final decisions. The terms of each committee are set out in the Delegation of Authorities Matrix, including authorities delegated to it. The Board act in the way they consider, in good faith, are most likely to promote the success of the company for the benefit of its members as a whole, and in doing so have regard to: a) b) c) d) e) f) The likely consequences of any decision in the long term; The interests of the company's employees; The need to foster the company's business relationships with suppliers, customers and others; The impact of the company's operations on the community and the environment; The desirability of the company maintaining a reputation for high standards of business conduct; and The need to act fairly as between members of the company The Board continuously review governance processes to ensure that they remain fit for purpose.    Opportunity and risk Cr    eating and preserving value over the long-term is of paramount importance to the Board, who regularly assess the sources of value, both tangible and intangible, and the stakeholders that contribute to it. All new business opportunities to create value, and threats that may adversely impact value, are reviewed, considered, mitigated and approved, as appropriate, at board level. The Board has responsibility for the organisation's overall approach to strategic decision-making and effective risk management, with oversight of risk and how they are managed, and appropriate accountability to stakeholders. The Board has established an internal control framework and systems that are in place to manage and mitigate both emerging and principal risks. Remuneration The Board has established executive remuneration structures that are aligned with performance, behaviours, and the achievement of company purpose, values and the delivery of long-term sustainable success. This takes account of the broader operating context, including the pay and conditions of the wider workforce and the company's response to matters such as any gender pay gap. Remuneration decisions have been delegated to the Remuneration Committee, which is chaired by a Non-Executive Director. It is responsible for designing remuneration policies and structures for Directors, senior management, and the wider organisation.
