   Governance Report The Directors consider the annual report and financial statements to comply with all aspects of the Guidelines for Disclosureand Transparency in Private Equity. The Group adheres to the Wates corporate governance prlnclples Issued as guidance for large private companies. Th\s report contains sectiOns on the following: • Ownership • Board • Stakeholder engasement • 5ection 172 Statement • Task Force on Climate-Related Financial Disclosures • ESGReport • SECRReport Ownership The Company was formed when Clayton, Dubilier & Rice (CO&RJacquired a controlling interest In the Motor Fuel Group in July 2015. Founded in 1978, CD&RIs a private equity firm with a history of working with manasement teams to build stronger, more profitable businesses.CO&R'sInvestors Include leading financial institutions. unlversity endowments and corporate and public pension funds. The investment was made throush CD&R Firefly Holdings Slirl whose principal investor is Clayton Du bi lier and Rice Fund IX. CD&R is one of the oldest private equity firms, based in North America, CO&Rworks to make companies grow and prosper by partnering with families, founders, or corporate owners. Value is created by collaboratlng with management to spur operationa1performance Improvements. by accelerating growth strategies, injecting new talent, and boosting productivity. The firm executes a consistent investment strategy across North America and Europe, focusing on market-leading businesses in the consumer/retail, heafthcare, industrial, and servicessectors. Directorsof CD&R Firefly4 Limited The directors, all of whom held office throughout the period and to the date of this report were as follows: William Bannister- ChiefExecutiveOfficer Mr Bannister acquired Motor Fuel Group In 2011 through a Management buy-in with partners Mr Cfarkeand Mr Biggart, backed by Mr LOdceand Patron Capital. Mr Bannister has 18 years•investment experience in the fuel sector. He was founding director of Scottish Capital Group in 1997, a property investment corporate recovery and asset management business.Prior to this Mr Bannister was Land and Development director at Delyn Pie.    Simon Lane Mr Lane Joinf!d the Group In 2015 as CFO.He has extensive experience in private equity and PlJblic companies within the leisure and retall sectors. In his earlier career, Slmoll served as CFO of William HIii pie, Center Pares pie and was the director of CC,rporateFinanceat Safewaypie. He qualified as a Chartered Accountant at Arthur Anderson In London. He Is a graduate of the University of Exeter. Grego,yl.ai Mr Lai.is a Partner at Co&R and is based In London. He plays a key role in the execution of several of the firm's transactions, Including the investments in B&M Retail, BUT International, Exova, HOSupply, Westbury Street Holdings and Motor Fuel Group. Prevlously, Mr Lal worked In the Investment Banking Division of Citigroup as well as Mubadala Development Company. Mr. Lai graduated from ESCP-EAPEuropean School of Management in Paris. MarcoHemst Mr Herbst joined CO&R'sLondon office in 2006. He plays a key role in several of CD&R's investments, induding B&M Retail,BUTInternational and Motor Fuel Group, as he did with the Investment In British car Auctions. Previously, he worked for Duke Street Capital, where his responsibilities included transaction origination, execution, and transformation. Mr Herbst also worked at Merrill Lynch & Co., advising financial institutions across Europe on acquisitions as well as debt and equity transactions. Mr Herbst Is a graduate of Unlversl~ Commerciale Luigi Bocconi In Milan, Italy. Key Management Personnel The following individuals were the key management pe~onnel of the Group during the year: • William Bannister • Thomas Biggart • JeremyClarke • Simon lane Chief ExecutiveOfficer Chief Investment Officer Chief Operating Officer Chief Financial Officer    Corporate Governance 111£9 In June2018 the Government introduced secondarylegislation requiring all companiesof a significant si.zeto report on their corporate sovemance arransements for periods commencing on or after l January2019. The directors agreed that the Group should adopt and follow the Wates Corporate Governance Principlesfor large private companies.This is a voluntary framework which adopts the 'comply or explain' approach. The approach is based upon six broad principles which the directorshave adopted, they are:-1. Purpose and leadership - An effective board develops and promotes the purpose of a company and ensures that its values,strategy, and culture atignwlth that purpose, 2. Board composition - Effective board composition requiresan effective chair and a balMce of skills, backgrounds, experience, and knowledge, with individual directors havingsufficient capacity to make a valuable contribution. The size of a board should be guided by the scaleand complexity of the company. 3. Director responsibilities - The board and individual directors should have a clear understanding of their accountability and responsibilities. The boardtspolicies and procedures should support effective decision-makingand Independent challenge. 4. Opportunity and risk-A board should promote the long•term sustainablesuccessof the company by identifying opportunities to create and preservevalue. establishingoversight for the identification and mitigation of risks. S. Remuneration -A board should promote executive remuneration structures aligned to the long-term sustainable successof a company,taking into account pay and conditions elsewherein the company. 6. Stakeholder relationships and engagement- Directors should foster effective stakeholder relationships aligned to the company's purpose. The board is respcnsible for ovetseeing meaningful engagement with stakeholders including the workforce and having regard to their views when taking decisions.    The manner In which these principles have been adopted by the Board Is outlined below. 1. Purpose and leadership- MFG is the leadlns UK Independent forecourt operator and strives to deliver a superior consumer experience which promotes the purpose of the Group. These values are clearly articulated by the Board and that strategy is then delivered by the executive management team. 2. The Group's Board comprises a number of individuals with a balance of skills, experience and knowledge and many years of experience In the forecourts and retail industries. In addition to the entrepreneurial founders, the Board also contains experienced Investors from CD&R, majority shareholders, who bring a wealth of experience and significant resources from thls well established private equity firm. The Board is further supplemented by experienced Non. executive Directors assisting with both the development of the Group and its governance. 3. The Directors recognise the importance of aood governance and have a clear understanding of their roles and responsibUitles. The Directors recetve comprehensive and timely reporting of KPls on all aspects of the business, which Is used to support the decision-making process. The Directors recognise the benefit of Independent challenge and have experienced Non•executive Directors appointed to provide this scrutiny. 4. The business stratesv clearly identifies the direction for the Group and strategic opportunities to deliver this strategy are a key focus of the Board meetings. The senior management team are responsible for Identifying and mltlsatlng risk, the principal risks to the business are outlined on pages 29 to 34. A risk controls framework has been developed and is reviewed by both the Audit Committee and the Board on a regular basis. 5. The Board has appointed a Remuneration Committee to oversee all aspects of remuneration ensuring it Is fair and appropriate to support the successof the Group. The Board Is committed to remunerating the employees solely on the ability of those employees to support the success of the Group. 6. The Directors are committed to engagement with Its stakeholders and ensuring that the Group's strategic direction is aligned with the Interests of the key stakeholder,. Good communication Is key to this and there is regular engagement with employees, suppliers, local communities and other stakeholders. The Directors are committed to operating in a socially responsible manner, engaging with the community and developing the business working towards environmental sustalnablllty. The Group has detailed Its key stakeholders and their engagement with them In its Section 172 statement on page 42 to 45. Employee engagement The Group's employees are essential to the long-term success of the business. The Board consider and review employee Interests as a matter of course at the quarterly Board meetings. The impact on the workforce ls considered when key decisions are made, the Board take the view that a motivated workforce ls fundamental to the overall successof the business. Employee engagement has never been more Important than during the period of the ongoing pandemic with many employees working remotely for long periods. The Board have been conscious of this throughout and numerous lnitiatwes have been undertaken throughout the period of the pandemic ensurine that the welfare, both mental and physical, of all employees have been looked after.    Communication is Ji:eyand regular updates from the Board are given to the employees throush dose engagement with the senior leadership team and the collaborative environment fostered by the senior team enables all employees to be Informed and understand the decision•makingprocess. Opportunities for employees to give their opinions are encouragedand a mechanismto do so is provided through an on1ineemployee portal. In addition to an employeesuggestionfacility the portal provides accessto employee spednc Information, company updatesand an employee benefits function. There is also a whistfeblowing facility available to employees. The Group undertook an employee satisfaction survey in 2021 to gaugeemployee engagement, wellbeing and work happiness.The responseto the survey was extremely positive with a high response rate and t'1e majority of employeesexpressinga strong degreeof satisfaction. Employeeengagement and Involvement In the future successof the businessIs furthered through the inclusiOnof all employees in a discretionary annual bonus scheme. Supplier Engagement The Board are aware that the businessrelationshipsit maintains with its suppliers are integral to the successof the business.To that end the Board and senior managementteam engageregularly with the key suppliers, fostering and developing relationships.The successof the businessis basedon a collaborative, partnership approach, the Group benefits from the stren&th of manv of its branded partners so a focus on actively supporting these brands contributes directly to the successof the Group. The strength of these relationships was demonstrated during 2021 as the particular challengesof the Covid 19 pandemic continued the need for these strong collaborativeworking relationships became ever more Important In ensuringthat Covld issuesnever causedany 1nterruption to the supplychain, mean\ngthat the sites could remain open, fully operational and well stocked throughout. The relationships with key suppliers were also important during the med1ainduced pank buying In the third quarter of the year. Irrational customer behaviour driven by an unfounded fear of UKfuel shortagesput pressure on the supply chain. Close working relationships were uitical in the response to this and supported the businessIn ensuring that the best possible responseto the situation that arose. Payment of trade p;ryables An important part of a successfulrelationship with third party suppliersIs the accurate and timely payment of invoices. This is a key focus for the business and is an internal kPI that the Group is measured by. The Group has a number of fuel contracts which havevarying credit terms. Standard non-fuel payment terms as applied by the Group are for payment 30 days following receipt of invoice. Creditor days at the end of 2021 were 35.0 days (2020: 30.9 days).    The Group conducts its business in an ethically aware manner so as not to detrimentally affect the quality of Ille enjoyed by the communities It operates In. The Group strives tn· • Respond quickly to Issuesor concerns raised by neiahbours pertainine to the business. • Engagewith communities and support relevant and appropriate activities both at local and national level. • Abide by local planning and other by-laws prevalent where the sites are based. • Support community activity through actions and sponsorship as and where appropriate. • Maintain properties, land, and boundaries in such a condition so as not to degrade the visual amenities of the neighbours or affect or endanger the surrounding communities. Good customer service is vital to the success of the business, all individuals working at site are trained and measured on their general service levels. In the event of escalation to the Head Office team response time to customers and neighbours Is a key metric the Group use to measure performance and response times and resolution outcomes are reported to the board on a quarterfy basis. The Group considers Its fuel stations to be focal points within the local communities they serve. Consequently the Group works hard to provide retail offerings that are in line with the specific demands of the local community. This is pertinent In the more rural parts of the country where the convenience aspect of the local service station Is becoming more Important to the community with the demise of the traditional village institutions, but it Is also relevant in different areas of the Country where a different ethnic mix will demand a different range or product lines. Changes In product mix In response to these differing community requirements are measured and form part of the quarterty ESGupdate presented to the Board. The Group procures the majority of Its products from globally recognised suppliers who are responsible for the management of their supply chains. The Group monitors and reviews the ESGperformance of these multinational entities on an ongoing basis, ensuring that the behaviours of these suppliers Is In line with MFG's high standards. ModernSlavery The Group fully acknowledges the human rights of every Individual. The Group recognises Its responsibility to take a pro-active approach to slavery and human trafficking and ls committed to ensuring that there is no modern slavery or human trafficking in any part of the business. The Group Is committed to acting ethically and with Integrity In all of its business relationships and has a policy of zero tolerance towards slavery and human trafficking. Management is satisfied that actual or potential breaches of human rights Is not a material issue within the Group's operations. In accordance with Section 54 of the Modern Slavery Act 2015 the Group issues a Modern Slavery statement on its website annually.    Section 172 Statement mfg 1 t<ey 1ntcre-.ts of , Hi.lkPhoJd, ..., group I < 1 Who Rf',1rnn for engagrm,"'nt How wr ('ngpr,_p with them ty • Competitive prices • Safety • Convenience • Choice • Customer service 8 and evolving market trends supporting MFGmanagement in good decision-making and Insights to develop best customer proposition and value. to enhance customer experience and perceptions across all MFG touchpoints. Well trained and motivated employees are key to the successof the business and a positive and broader sodal Impact. p pns BB environments such as Covld secureshopsand forecourts • Reinforcing soclal distancing messagethrough banners and posters when restrictions required • Customer feedback channels • Social media engagement and ESGupdates • Promotions, community • • initiatives and advertising Loyalty schemes Investment in di$ability-access-programs induding a phone app to assist disabled motorists EMPLOYEl:S • Pay and Benefits • Job satisfaction • Safety • Career development • Security • Wellbeing and mental health supports • Societal impacts • Staff arehighly motivated and well rewarded for success • Benefits package and encouragement of participation in pension schemes. • career progression opportunities and support for development • Strong managerial capadty • Expansion of in-house capacities ln business-critical functions • Communication between Board and workforce through regular executive team communlcations, verballyvia email and employee portal • The Board listens and considers workforce suggestions via an anonymous suggestion box Covld secure workplace has been providedwith screensin place, additional capacity and • comprehensive procedures for    ;\/ho Kvy intPrC'>b <;t~krholrfrr rd grour Rf'.!'iOn for r-ngagf'mrnt I I HoN I we cngagC' with tlwm all times. • Remoteworkingwhere appropriateand equipment provided to do so. • Rotasystemoperatedto ensure soclaldistancing • All staff supported throughout the Cavldpandemic • QuartertvHRchedc.~ins CONTRACT MANAGERS • Opportunityfor success Support and • guidance Site developments Trainingschemes Uniformand • • 1 • appropriate third-partycontracts ' Collaborativeapproachwith ContractManagerspromotingbest practlce adherenceto legislation e and guidelines and mutually beneficialoperatins andfinanclal I outcomes. • Support provided by MFG Industry experts • Robustandeconomically beneficial third-party contract arrangements • Well establishedoperating model that evolves consistently to the benefit of both parties. Trainingandassistanceprovided allowingfor developmentof Individualsandtheir businesses. • • • • • Timely andongoi,. support, bothflnanclalandoperational, providedto Managers throughout the pandemic. Rapid response to changing environmentwhenneeded throughout Collid provisionof PPE.Sneezescreens and handsanitiser ability to re-moblllze safety schemesIn the futureIf needed ,SUPPLIERS: I 'FUEL i NON FUEL • • • • • Highsalesvolumes Brandawareness/ protection Longterm relationships Adherenceto paymentterms High sales volumes . Strong.cohesiverelationshipswith the supplychainensuresecurityof supply, competitive pricing and promotionalsupport. The MFG business leverages the brandvalueof nationaland • • • Ooseworkln1relationshipswith major fuel suppliers through resularcommunications Promotionalandmarketing support • • Qualitymanagementsystems Trainingof keystaffrepresenting third party brands Adherenceto andsupportof third party strategies in support of their brands    Who Ht'ason for Png.1r,emcnt How we en!~age with ttwrn I • • • • Evolution of relationships Adherence to payment terms Promotional activity Product trials lntemationalty recognised brand names so it is vital to the successof the MFG business and Important to the suppliers that bath parties wort< collaboratively far the mutual benefit of both. MFGstations are an important part of the communities we serve, and offers a number of ancillary services as an alternative marketplace as trends and buying patterns change. , Sites' supply appropriate goods and services for the communittes llvlns around them. ' The sites need to be safe. free from i pollution and the Group needs to isafeguard those that work and visit : by upholding the highest standards with regard to ESGfactors. t ' • • Detailed contracts and SL.As Mutual support offered in adverse business environment : I ' COMMUNITIES S • Alignment of product offering to local community needs Environmental, Social, Governance (ESGJfactors • TheContractManager arrangement empowers the Manager to determine the appropriate products to sell, supported by the Regional MFG teams. • Training. procedures, audits and reguJar reviews focus on ESG matters. • • • Compliance with r~ulations and third party review. Supporting local communities by keeping sites open and operational during the Cavid pandemic. ' Targeted and specific charitable fundraising is facilitated through the site network. THE • ENVIRONMENT T • • I ' I I Poffution Spills Carbon measurement Efficient water usase Commitment to minimising envfronmental Implications of the operation. To play a key role In the development of the UK alternative 'f1.1elinfrastructure. 1 I i ' i ' • • Highly trained, well-resourced In-• • • • • • ho«Jseenvironmental expertis~. Extensive use of third party environmental consultants. Ongolns environmental spend, tank re-linings, pump and line Improvements Equipment replacement policy to improve enerRVefficiency. Programme of Electric Vehicle charging paints installations compliance with internationally recognised standards Riskassessments, procedures • training Publication of Streamlined Energy and Carbon Report(SECRJ    Collaborative approach required for regular communications rents successful operation of leasehold • • sites. • Strong business relatlonshlps and • rents Support offered In times of care and adversity, ongoin.11dialogue Maintenance of sites • regular communications Support offered In times of adversity, ongoin.11dialogue during Covid Pandemic • Timely and accurate payment • Timely and accurate payment Responsible practice GOVERNMENT • Policies and regulatory change are Taxation • prevalent In the business MFG Planning engages In, strict adherence is • carbon reduction • Taxation Planning carbon reduction EVinfrastructure Policies and regulatory change are prevalent In the business MFG engages In, strict adherence is critical for the successof the business. MFG strategy is to be regarded as being a good corporate citizen and to pay Its fair share of tax. • • • • • Published tax strategy Use of third party expertise Strong relationships forged with HMRC representatives Reputation for integrity and honesty Energyefficiency programs • Investment leads to The Board regularly INVESTORS • communicate with the investors successful and dynamic decision • to align strategy making. • • Key staff have dose working • Profit generation Reputation Growth Compliance with To utilise their expertise, knowledge relationships and r laws and regulations conaboratlve Investment leads to successful and dynamic decision making. To utilise their expertise, knowledge and experience • The Board regularly • communicate with the investors to align strategy Key staff have dose working relationships and regular communications    The Group recognises that everyone has a rote to play in limiting climate change and supporting the transJtion to a low carbon economy. Climate change and the degradation of natural eco-systems are an existential threat to the health of the planet and people's lives and livelihoods, Businesshasan important role to play In taking action to mitigate the worst effects of dimate change.MFG has set ambitious and realistic progressM! targets to reduce our own carbon footprint and ls leading the transition to a more sustainable future through our heavy commitment of capital to EVInfrastructure development. There ls an established sovemance framework that ensuresrisks associatedwith climate changeare consideredby the Board and key metrics are consideredat its quarterly meetings.The Group has a newly formed ESGcommittee details of which can be found on page 62. The Group hasimplemented the Streamlined Energy and CarbonReporting requirements and more detail on the metrics assessedby the Board is set out c1tpage 80 of this Report. MFG fully support! the aims of the TCFDand belieVesthat it Is right for businessesto communicate the risks and opportunities that Climate changepresents.The TCFOprovides a framework to improve the disclosure of consistent comparable reliable and clear climate related information so stakeholders are e able to fully support the ttansiUonto a low carbon economy. Throughout the Annual Report and Accounts, MFGwill continue to Integrate discussionof climate-related risks (page 30), opportunities (page 11) and disclosuresand will look to further develop this approach over the coming rears. There are two key aspectsto climate changethat may potentially negatively impact the Group, but also one further aspect that provides an important opportunity for the Group's future development, and has been actively embraced by MFG. Whilst increased physical risk due to long term changesto weather and climate is considered not to be directly significant to the Group due to the number and geographicaldis.persionof the sites, a heightened risk of flooding of lndiYidualsites in certain regions asa consequenceof adverseweather is a realistic possibility. Thus flood risk and the consequential damageto property is a key consideration when buyins and developins sites. tn order to fully understand, appraise and quantify this risk the Group has commissioned a ffood risk surveyto map out the specific risksto every site acrossthe country for a rartge of different temperature increase scenarios. Transition risk is mare pertinent to the Group. Whllst it Is clear that thl!!re will continue to be substantial demand for petrol and dlesel for many years to come, there ls an acceleratinggrowth In the EV market. Regulatory change will play its part, with the Government's announcedposition being that new petrol--only and diesel-only vehicles will not be available for sale from 2030 onwards. Before then it Is expected that additional and more stringent low emission zonesin city centres and other urban areas will shift some demand away from hydrocarbon fuels.    This presents an opportunity for MFG to play a vital role in supporting the UK's provision of core infrastructure through its commitment to develop an extensive EV charging network. We already have EV charging points installed on over 10% of the Group's sites and over 30% of the capital budget for 2021 has been ringfenced for EV development. It is anticipated that a high level of EV lacllltles expenditure will continue mthe future as MFG plays Its part In the UK's transition to a low carbon economy. MFG Is Investing In ultra rapid EV charging hubs where all electricity sold Is certified as being 100% renewable. Significantly, charging technology is improving over time and MFG aims to remain at the forefront of this evolution. This continuing diversification away from traditional road fuels allows MFG both to play its part in fighting climate change and to embrace its longer term future. Sustainability Accounting Standards Board("SASB") In addition to supporting TCFD,MFG has also voluntarily adopted some elements of the SASSstandards, Oil and Gas Refining and Marketing and disclosures pursuant to that guidance are integrated through this Annual Report and Accounts. The SASB'suse of the term "sustainabillty"' refers to corporate activities that maintain or enhance the ability of the company to create value over the Jongterm. Sustainability accounting reflects the governance and management of a company's environmental and social impacts arising from production of goods and services, as well as its governance and management of the environmental and social capitals necessaryto create long~term value. The SASBalso refers to sustainability as "ESG• (environmental, social and governance), though core corporate governance arrangements, such as board composition, are not lnduded within the scope of SASB'sstandard-setting activities. SASSstandards are designed to Identify a minimum set of sustainability issues most likely to Impact the operating performance or financial condition of the typical company in an Industry, regardless of location. SASBstandards are designed to enable communications on corporate performance on Industry-level sustainability issues in a cost-effective and decision-useful manner using existing disdosure and reporting mechanisms. Businessescan use the SASBstandards to better Identify, manage and communicate to investors sustalnablllty Information that is financially material. Use of the standards can benefit businessesby Improving transparency, risk management and performance. SASBstandards can help Investors by encouraging reporting that is comparable, consistent, and financially material, thereby enabling investors to make better investment and voting decisions.
