   GovernanceReport The Directors consider the annual report and financial statements to comply with all aspects of the Guidelines for Disclosure and Transparency in Private Equity. The Group adheres to the Wates corporate governance principles issued as guidance for large private companies. This report contains sections on the following: • Ownership • Board • Stakeholder engagement • Section 172 Statement • Task Force on Climate-Related Financial Disclosures Ownership The Company was formed when Clayton, Dubilier & Rice (CD&R) acquired a controlling Interest in the Motor Fuel Group In July 2015. Founded in 1978, CD&R is a private equity firm with a history of working with management teams to build stronger, more profitable businesses. CD&R's investors Include leading financial institutions, university endowments and corporate and public pension funds. The investment was made through CD&RFirefly Holdings Sari whose principal investor is Clayton Dubilier and Rice Fund IX. CD&R is one of the oldest private equity firms, based in North America. CD&R works to make companies grow and prosper by partnering with families, founders, or corporate owners. Value is created by collaborating with management to spur operational performance improvements, by accelerating growth strategies, injecting new talent, and boosting productivity. The firm executes a consistent investment strategy across North America and Europe, focusing on market-leading businesses in the consumer/retail, healthcare, industrial, and services sectors. Directorsof CO&RFireflyHoldcoLimited The directors, both of whom held office throughout the period and to the date of this report were as follows: Gregory Lai Mr La'iis a Partner at CD&R and is based in London. He plays a key role in the execution of several of the Firm's transactions, including the investments in B&M Retail, BUT International, Exova, HD Supply, Westbury Street Holdings and Motor Fuel Group. Previously, Mr La7worked in the Investment Banking Division of Citigroup as well as Mubadala Development Company. Mr. Lai graduated from ESCP-EAPEuropean School of Management in Paris.    Marco Herbst Mr Herbst joined CD&R's London office in 2006. He plays a key role in several of CD&R's Investments, Including B&M Retail,BUT International and Motor Fuel Group, as he did with the investment in British Car Auctions. Previously, he worked for Duke Street Capital, where his responsibilities included transaction origination, execution, and transformation. Mr Herbst also worked at Merrill Lynch & Co., advising flnanclal institutions across Europe on acquisitions as well as debt and equity transactions. Mr Herbst is a graduate of Universita Commerciale Luigi Bocconi in Milan, Italy.    Mr Lai and Mr Herbst are also members of the Board of the immediate parent company, CD&R Tiger Jersey Holdco Limited. The other Directors that served on that parent company Board throughout the year were: AlasdairLocke Mr Locke joined Motor Fuel Group In 2011 as Chairman. He was previously Chairman of the Scottish oil services company Abbot Group. He has extensive experience in the oil, property and forecourt industries. DavidNovak Mr Novak Joined CD&R in 1997 and is based In London. He is a member of the CD&R Investment and Management Committees and is currently a director of B&M Retail and Kalle. Previously, Mr Novak worked in the private equity and investment banking divisions of Morgan Stanley and for the Central European Development Corporation, a private equity investment firm. He is a graduate of Amherst College and holds an M.B.A.from Harvard BusinessSchool.    Peter Newman Mr Newman joined Motor Fuel Group as a non-executive director in 2015. He has 40 years of experience In the oll and gas sector, with Mobil, Andersen, Deloltte, AOG and Forza Petroleum. Mr Newman led Andersen's EMEIA OIi and Gas practice from 1994 to 2002 and Oeloitte's Global Oil & Gaspractice from 2004 to 2009. He is a non-executive director for several companies in the energy and shipping sectors and was previously also Treasurer for the international development charity, WaterAid. Sir Terrence Leahy Sir Terrence Leahy became a senior CD&R advisor In 2011. Previously he was Chief Executive of Tesco Pie, where he had a thirty-two year career. Sir Terrence is recognised for transforming the supermarket industry in the UK and building Tesco into one of the world's leading retailers. Sir Terrence's focus at CD&R is advising portfolio companies on operational and related issues and assisting In evaluating Investment opportunities. WIiiiam Bannister- ChiefExecutiveOfficer Mr Bannister acquired Motor Fuel Group In 2011 through a Management buy-in with partners Mr Clarke and Mr Biggart, backed by Mr Locke and Patron Capital. Mr Bannister has 18 years' investment experience in the fuel sector. He was founding director of Scottish Capital Group in 1997, a property investment, corporate recovery and asset management business. Prior to this Mr Bannister was Land and Development director at Delyn Pie. ReginaFinn Ms Finn joined Motor Fuel Group as a non-executive director in 2021. She is an experienced chief executive and strategic leader in sector regulation, competition and consumer policy in the UK and elsewhere. In 2019 Ms Finn was appointed as the Chair of the Low Carbon Contracts Company Ltd and Electricity Settlements Company. r The parent company Board has established an Audit Committee and a Remuneration Committee, chaired respectively by Mr Newman and Sir Terrence Leahy.    Key Management Personnel The following individuals were the key management personnel of the Group during the year: • WIiiiam Bannister • Thomas Biggart • Jeremy Clarke • Simon Lane Corporate Governance Chief Executive Officer Chief Investment Officer Chief Operating Officer Chief Financial Officer In June 2018 the Government introduced secondary legislation requiring ail companies of a significant size to report on their corporate governance arrangements for periods commencing on or after 1 January 2019. The directors agreed that the Group should adopt and follow the Wates Corporate Governance Principles for large private companies. This is a voluntary framework which adopts the 'comply or explain' approach. The approach is based upon six broad principles which the directors have adopted, they are: -1. Purpose and leadership - An effective board develops and promotes the purpose of a company and ensures that its values, strategy, and culture align with that purpose. 2. Board composition - Effective board composition requires an effective chair and a balance of skills, backgrounds, experience, and knowledge, with individual directors having sufficient capacity to make a valuable contribution. The size of a board should be guided by the scale and complexity of the company. 3. Director responsibilities - The board and individual directors should have a clear understanding of their accountability and responsibilities. The board's policies and procedures should support effective decision-making and independent challenge. 4. Opportunity and risk- A board should promote the long-term sustainable success of the company by identifying opportunities to create and preserve value, establishing oversight for the identification and mitigation of risks. 5. Remuneration - A board should promote executive remuneration structures aligned to the long-term sustainable success of a company, taking into account pay and conditions elsewhere in the company. 6. Stakeholder relationships and engagement - Directors should foster effective stakeholder relationships aligned to the company's purpose. The board is responsible for overseeing meaningful engagement with stakeholders induding the workforce and having regard to their views when taking decisions.    The manner in which these principles have been adopted by the Board is outlined below. 1. Purpose and leadership- MFG is the leading UK independent forecourt operator and strives to deliver a superior consumer experience which promotes the purpose of the Group. These values are clearly articulated by the Board and that strategy is then delivered by the executive management team. 2. The Group's Board comprises a number of Individuals with a balance of skills, experience and knowledge and many years of experience in the forecourts and retail industries. In addition to the entrepreneurial founders, the Board also contains experienced investors from CD&R, majority shareholders, who bring a wealth of experience and significant resources from this well established private equity firm. The Board is further supplemented by experienced Non-executive Directors assisting with both the development of the Group and its governance. 3, The Directors recognise the importance of good governance and have a clear understanding of their roles and responsibilities. The Directors receive comprehensive and timely reporting of KPls on all aspects of the business, which Is used to support the decision-making process. The Directors recognise the benefit of independent challenge and have experienced Non-executive Directors appointed to provide this scrutiny. 4. The business strategy clearly identifies the direction for the Group and strategic opportunities to deliver this strategy are a key focus of the Board meetings. The senior management team are responsible for identifying and mitigating risk, the principal risks to the business are outlined on pages 28 to 33. A risk controls framework has been developed and is reviewed by both the Audit Committee and the Board on a regular basis. S. The Board has appointed a Remuneration Committee to oversee all aspects of remuneration ensuring it is fair and appropriate to support the success of the Group. The Board is committed to remunerating the employees solely on the ability of those employees to support the success of the Group. 6. The Directors are committed to engagement with its stakeholders and ensuring that the Group's strategic direction is aligned with the interests of the key stakeholders. Good communication Is key to this and there Is regular engagement with emptoyees, suppliers, local communities and other stakeholders. The Directors are committed to operating in a socially responsible manner, engaging with the community and developing the business working towards environmental sustainability. The Group has detailed its key stakeholders and their engagement with them in its Section 172 statement on page 42 to 45. Employee engagement The Group's employees are essential to the long-term successof the business. The Board consider and review employee Interests as a matter of course at the quarterly Board meetings. The impact on the workforce is considered when key decisions are made, the Board take the view that a motivated workforce is fundamental to the overall success of the business. Employee engagement has never been more important than during the period of the ongoing pandemic with many employees working remotely for long periods. The Board have been conscious of this throughout and numerous initiatives have been undertaken throughout the period of the pandemic ensuring that the welfare, both mental and physical, of all employees have been looked after.    Communication Is key and regular updates from the Board are given to the employees through close engagement with the senior leadership team and the collaborative environment fostered by the senior team enables all employees to be informed and understand the decision-making process. Opportunities for employees to give their opinions are encouraged and a mechanism to do so is provided through an online employee portal. In addition to an employee suggestion facility the portal provides access to employee specific information, company updates and an employee benefits function. There is also a whistleb1owing facility available to employees. The Group undertook an employee satisfaction survey in 2021 to gauge employee engagement, wellbeing and work happiness. The response to the survey was extremely positive with a high response rate and the majority of employees expressing a strong degree of satisfaction. Employee engagement and Involvement In the future success of the business is furthered through the inclusion of all employees in a discretionary annual bonus scheme. Supplier Engagement The Board are aware that the business relationships It maintains with its suppliers are integral to the success of the business. To that end the Board and senior management team engage regularly with the key suppliers, fostering and developing relationships. The successof the business is based on a collaborative, partnership approach, the Group benefits from the strength of many of its branded partners so a focus on actively supporting these brands contributes directly to the successof the Group. The strength of these relationships was demonstrated during 2021 as the particular challenges of the Covid 19 pandemic continued the need for these strong collaborative working relationships became ever more important in ensuring that Covid issues never caused any interruption to the supply chain, meaning that the sites could remain open, fully operatlonal and well stocked throughout. The relationships with key suppliers were also important during the media induced panic buying in the third quarter of the year. Irrational customer behaviour driven by an unfounded fear of UK fuel shortages put pressure on the supply chain. Close working relationships were critical in the response to this and supported the business in ensuring that the best possible response to the situation that arose. Paymentof trade payables An important part of a successful relationship with third party suppliers is the accurate and timely payment of invoices. This is a key focus for the business and is an internal KPI that the Group is measured by. The Group has a number offuel contracts which have varying credit terms. Standard non-fuel payment terms as applied by the Group are for payment 30 days following receipt of invoice. Creditor days at the end of 2021 were 35.0 days (2020: 30.9 days).    The Group conducts its business in an ethically aware manner so as not to detrimentally affect the quality of life enjoyed by the communities it operates in. The Group strives to: • Respond quickly to issues or concerns raised by neighbours pertaining to the business. • Engagewith communities and support relevant and appropriate activities both at local and national level. • Abide by local planning and other by-laws prevalent where the sites are based. • Support community activity through actions and sponsorship as and where appropriate. • Maintain properties, land, and boundaries in such a condition so as not to degrade the visual amenities of the neighbours or affect or endanger the surrounding communities. Good customer service is vital to the success of the business, all individuals working at site are trained and measured on their general service levels. In the event of escalation to the Head Office team response time to customers and neighbours is a key metric the Group use to measure performance and response times and resolution outcomes are reported to the board on a quarterly basis. The Group considers its fuel stations to be focal points within the local communities they serve. Consequently the Group works hard to provide retail offerings that are in line with the specific demands of the local community. This is pertinent in the more rural parts of the country where the convenience aspect of the local service station is becoming more important to the community with the demise of the traditional village institutions, but it is also relevant in different areas of the Country where a different ethnic mix wlll demand a different range or product lines. Changes In product mix in response to these differing community requirements are measured and form part of the quarterly ESGupdate presented to the Board. The Group procures the majority of its products from globally recognised suppliers who are responsiblefor the management of their supply chains. The Group monitors and reviews the ESGperformance of these multinational entities on an ongoing basis, ensuring that the behaviours of these suppliers is in line with MFG's high standards. Modern Slavery The Group fully acknowledges the human rights of every individual. The Group recognises its responsibility to take a pro-active approach to slavery and human trafficking and is committed to ensuring that there is no modern slavery or human trafficking in any part of the business. The Group Is committed to acting ethically and with integrity in all of its business relationships and has a policy of zero tolerance towards slavery and human trafficking. Management is satisfied that actual or potential breaches of human rights is not a material issue within the Group's operations. In accordance with Section 54 of the Modern Slavery Act 2015 the Group issues a Modern Slavery statement on its website annually.    Who Key interests stakeholder of group I •••son to, engoeement I How we engage w;11,them I CUSTOMERS • • • • • • Safety Competitive prices Safety Convenience Choice Customer service Understanding consumer behaviour and evolving market trends supporting MFG management in good decision-making and insights to develop best customer proposition and value, to enhance customer experience and perceptions across alt MFG touchpoints. • • • • • • • Rapid response to changing environments such as Covid secure shops and forecourts Reinforcing social distancing message through banners and posters when restrictions required Customer feedback channels Social media engagement and ESGupdates Promotions, community initiatives and advertising Loyalty schemes Investment in disability-access-programs including a phone app to assist disabled motorists EMPLOYEES • • • • • Pay and Benefits Job satisfaction Safety Career development Security Wellbeing and mental health supports Societal impacts Well trained and motivated employees are key to the success of the business and a positive and broader social impact. • • • • • • • Staff are highly motivated and well rewarded for success Benefits package and encouragement of participation in pension schemes. • • . • Career progression opportunities and support for development Strong managerial capacity Expansion of in-house capacities in business- critical functions Communication between Board and workforce through regular executive team communications, verbally via email and employee portal The Board listens and considers workforce suggestions via an anonymous suggestion box Covid secure workplace has been provided with screens in place, additional capacity and comprehensive procedures for    I Reason for engagement IHow we •••••• wilh them I social distancing to be enabled at all times. • • • • Remote working where appropriate and equipment provided to do so. Rota system operated to ensure social distancing All staff supported throughout the Covid pandemic Quarterly HRcheck-ins CONTRACT MANAGERS • • • • • Opportunity for success Support and guidance Site developments Training schemes Uniform and appropriate third-party contracts SUPPLIERS: FUEL NON FUEL • • • • • High sales volumes Brand awareness/ protection Longterm relationships Adherence to payment terms High sales volumes Collaborative approach with Contract Managerspromoting best practice, adherence to legislation and guidelines and mutually beneficial operating and financial outcomes. • • • • .• • • • Support provided by MFG industry experts Robust and economically beneficial third-party contract arrangements Well established operating model that evolves consistently to the benefit of both parties. Training and assistance provided allowing for development of individuals and their businesses. Timely and ongoing support, both financial and operational, provided to Managers throughout the pandemic. Rapid response to changing environment when needed throughout Covid provision of PPE,Sneeze screens and hand sanitiser ability to re-mobilize safety schemes in the future if needed Strong, cohesive relationships with the supply chain ensure security of supply, competitive pricing and promotional support. The MFG business leverages the brand value of national and • • • • Close working relationships with major fuel suppliers through regular communications Promotional and marketing support Quality management systems Training of key staff representing third party brands    Who Key interests . stakeholder ! of group I  • ••a.on fo, •n••t•m•n< I How we ,ngage with them • • • • Evolution of relationships Adherence to payment terms Promotional activity Product trials internationally recognised brand names so it is vital to the successof the MFG business and important to the suppliers that both parties work collaboratively for the mutual benefit of both. • • • Adherence to and support of third party strategies in support of their brands Detailed contracts and SLAs Mutual support offered in adverse business environment COMMUNmES • Alignment of product offering to local community needs Environmental, Social, Governance (ESG)factors MFG stations are an important part of the communities we serve, and offers a number of ancillary services as an alternative marketplace as trends and buying patterns change. Sites' supply appropriate goods and services for the communities living around them. The sites need to be safe, free from pollution and the Group needs to safeguard those that work and visit by upholding the highest standards • with regard to ESGfactors. • • The Contract Manager arrangement empowers the Manager to determine the appropriate products to sell, supported by the Regional MFG teams. • • • • Training, procedures, audits and regular reviews focus on ESG matters. Compliance with regulations and third party review. Supporting local communities by keeping sites open and operational during the Covld pandemic. Targeted and specific charitable fundraising is facilitated through the site network. THE ENVIRONMENT • • • • Pollution Spills Carbon measurement Efficient water usage Commitment to minimising environmental implications of the operation. To play a key role In the development of the UK alternative fuel infrastructure. • • • • • • • • Highly trained, well-resourced in-house environmental expertise. Extensive use of third party environmental consultants. Ongoing environmental spend, tank re-linings, pump and line improvements Equipment replacement policy to improve energy efficiency. Programme of Electric Vehicle charging points installations Compliance with internationally recognised standards Riskassessments, procedures, training Publication of Streamlined Energy and Carbon Report(SECR)    LANDLORDS Key lnte'rests of stakeholder group I • Timely payments of rents Care and Maintenance of sites • I ROason lo, engagement 'IHo.V we •nJ!>!e w;1h them , Collaborative approach required for successful operation of leasehold sites. • • • • Strong business relationships and regular communications Support offered in times of adversity, ongoing dialogue during Covid Pandemic Timely and accurate payment Responsible practice GOVERNMENT • • • • • • • • Taxation Planning Carbon reduction EV infrastructure INVESTORS Profit generation Reputation Growth Compliance with laws and regulations Policies and regulatory change are prevalent in the business MFG engages In, strict adherence is critical for the success of the business. MFG strategy is to be regarded as being a good corporate citizen and to pay its fair share of tax. Collaborative investment leads to successful and dynamic decision making. To utilise their expertise, knowledge and experience • • • • • Published tax strategy Use of third party expertise Strong relationships forged with HMRC representatives Reputation for integrity and honesty Energy efficiency programs • • The Board regularly communicate with the investors to align strategy Key staff have close working relationships and regular communications    TaskForceon Climate-relatedFinancialDisclosures(''TCFD") The Group recognises that everyone has a role to play in limiting climate change and supporting the transition to a low carbon economy. Climate change and the degradation of natural eco-systems are an existential threat to the health of the planet and people's lives and livelihoods. Business has an important role to play in taking action to mitigate the worst effects of climate change. MFG has set ambitious and realistic progressive targets to reduce our own carbon footprint and is leading the transition to a more sustainable future through our heavy commitment of capital to EV Infrastructure development. There is an established governance framework that ensures risks associated with climate change are considered by the Board and key metrics are considered at its quarterly meetings. The Group has a newly formed ESG committee details of which can be found on page 62. The Group has implemented the Streamlined Energy and Carbon Reporting requirements and more detail on the metrics assessed by the Board is set out at page 77 of this Report. MFG fully supports the aims of the TCFDand believes that it is right for businessesto communicate the risks and opportunities that Climate change presents. The TCFDprovides a framework to improve the disclosure of consistent, comparable, reliable and clear climate related Information so stakeholders are able to fully support the transition to a low carbon economy. Throughout the Annual Report and Accounts, MFG will continue to integrate discussion of climate-related risks (page 30), opportunities (page 10) and disclosures and will look to further develop this approach over the coming years. There are two key aspects to climate change that may potentially negatively impact the Group, but also one further aspect that provides an important opportunity for the Group's future development, and has been actively embraced by MFG. Whilst increased physical risk due to long term changes to weather and climate Is considered not to be directly significant to the Group due to the number and geographical dispersion of the sites, a heightened risk of flooding of individual sites in certain regions as a consequence of adverse weather is a realistic possibility. Thus flood risk and the consequential damage to property is a key consideration when buying and developing sites. In order to fully understand, appraise and quantify this risk the Group has commissioned a flood risk survey to map out the specific risks to every site across the country for a range of different temperature increase scenarios. Transition risk is more pertinent to the Group. Whilst it is clear that there will continue to be substantial demand for petrol and diesel for many years to come, there Is an accelerating growth in the EV market. Regulatory change will play its part, with the Government's announced position being that new petrol-only and diesel-only vehicles will not be available for sale from 2030 onwards. Before then It is expected that additional and more stringent low emission zones in city centres and other urban areas will shift some demand away from hydrocarbon fuels.    Task Force on Climate related Financial Disclosures (''TCFD") (continued} This presents an opportunity for MFG to play a vital role in supporting the UK's provision of core infrastructure through its commitment to develop an extensive EV charging network. We already have EV charging points installed on over 10% of the Group's sites and over 30% of the capital budget for 2021 has been rlngfenced for EV development. It is anticipated that a high level of EV facilities expenditure will continue in the future as MFG plays its part in the UK's transition to a low carbon economy. MFG is investing in ultra rapid EV charging hubs where all electricity sold is certified as being 100% renewable. Significantly, charging technology is improving over time and MFG aims to remain at the forefront of this evolution. This continuing diversification away from traditional road fuels allows MFG both to play its part in fighting climate change and to embrace its longer term future. SustainabilityAccountingStandardsBoard ("SASB") In addition to supporting TCFD, MFG has also voluntarily adopted some elements of the SASBstandards, Oil and Gas Refining and Marketing and disclosures pursuant to that guidance are integrated through this Annual Report and Accounts. The SASB'suse of the term "sustainability'' refers to corporate activities that maintain or enhance the ability of the company to create value over the long term. Sustainability accounting reflects the governance and management of a company's environmental and social impacts arising from production of goods and services, as well as its governance and management of the environmental and social capitals necessary to create long-term value. The SASBalso refers to sustainability as "ESG" (environmental, social and governance), though core corporate governance arrangements, such as board composition, are not Included within the scope of SASB'sstandard-setting activities. SASBstandards are designed to Identify a minimum set of sustainability issues most likely to impact the operating performance or financial condition of the typical company In an industry, regardless of location. SASBstandards are designed to enable communications on corporate performance on industry-level sustainability issues in a cost-effective and decision-useful manner using existing disclosure and reporting mechanisms. Businessescan use the SASBstandards to better identify, manage and communicate to investors sustainability information that is financially material. Use of the standards can benefit businesses by improving transparency, risk management and performance. SASBstandards can help investors by encouraging reporting that is comparable, consistent, and financially materlal, thereby enabling investors to make better investment and voting decisions.
