   CORPORA TE GOVERNANCE REPORT Introduction Whilst the Company is not required by the Companies (Miscellaneous Reporting) Regulations 2018 (the "Regulations") to include a statement as to which corporate governance code has been applied, the Company has chosen to voluntarily adopt the Wates Corporate Governance Principles for Large Private Companies This report aims to bring transparency to our governance approach which is aligned to the Wates Principles. Role of the Company The Company is the indirect parent company of the operating companies within the Group, Center Pares (Operating Company) Limited and CP Woburn (Operating Company) Limited and plays an important role in the governance of these and all other companies within the Group. The narrative below discusses the governance arrangements of the Company and how its governance arrangements interact with governance arrangements of the companies that are required to report by the Regulations to give a holistic view of the Group's governance arrangements. Purpose and Leadership The board of the Company ("the Board"), sets the long-term strategy and monitors the performance of the Group. The Board meets quarterly to discuss the performance of the Group against its strategic objectives and the current and future projects and innovations. The Board for the current financial period consists of the Chief Executive Officer and the Chief Financial Officer of the Company and three shareholder representative Directors. Details of the Directors of the Company who served during the·year are included below. From the start of the new financial period the newly created role of the Non-Executive Chair will provide leadership to the Board, facilitate open debate and challenge and ensure effective decision-making processes are embedded. The Chair will also provide guidance and support to the Chief Executive Officer and other Directors and focus on the areas of governance, strategy, performance and culture. The roles and responsibilities of the Non-Executive Chair and the Chief Executive Officer are clearly set out and approved by the Board. The Board has delegated oversight of the Group's day-to-day operations and activities to a group, which is known internally as, the Operating Board. The Operating Board meets monthly and consists of the Chief Executive Officer and the Chief Financial Officer of the Company and four members of senior management (the "Operating Board"). The Group's purpose is to be the leading provider of short break holidays in the UK and, over the coming years, to establish a strong presence in Ireland. The purpose is supported by the strategy which sets out the vision, mission and essence of the Group: • Our Vision: to be known as the escape where families come together; • Our Mission: we bring families together by championing free-range family time; • Our Essence: Center Pares is family togetherness. The People Framework supports the strategy and embeds a set of values which are expected to be demonstrated by all, across the business. These values are key to the Group's strategy and achieving the purpose. The People Framework is embedded across the Group and is supported by a set of behaviours which are expected to be demonstrated by all colleagues: • Natural - we talk and act like real people; • Family- we care for and support one another; • Respectful - we think before we act and empathise with othersi • Confident - we proudly stand by our people, our brand and our product; • Passionate - we go above and beyond for our guest and each other; • Always growing - we ask hard questions of ourselves and restlessly look for new answers.    These behaviours are key to the Group's culture and are embedded across the business. These behaviours are exhibited by the Directors, the Board and Operating Board and are continually communicated to colleagues through inductions, ongoing training, appraisals and briefings. The Group also seeks to recruit new colleagues that are aligned to these values. The People Framework involves "natural conversations" to talk about the knowledge, skills, • experience, qualifications and behaviours that are required to be a member of the Center Pares family. The appraisal system looks at how. the colleague has delivered against these behaviours, as well how they have performed in their role. There is also have a Wellbeing Hub giving all colleagues mobile access to an array of health and wellbeing services, including face-to-face counselling, where needed. Colleagues can report any misconduct or unethical behaviour via an independent whistleblowing hotline, either by telephone or online. • The Board and Operating Board monitor the culture through a bi-annual colleague survey. This gives colleagues the opportunity to provide anonymous feedback and helps the Board and Operating Board to monitor engagement and take action to address any concerns. Details of how engagement with colleagues impacts decision making can be found in the Section 172 Statement within the Strategic reports of the employing companies within the Group, being Center Pares Limited, Center Pares (Operating Company) Limited and CP Woburn (Operating Company) Limited. The Group's approach to stakeholder engagement is reported in the Section 172 (1) section of the Strategic report. This outlines how the Board and Operating Board engaged with principal stakeholder groups, including employees. The Operating Board receives regular reports from key areas of the business and considers h_owthe strategy is delivering the purpose. An example of this can be seen in the long-term capital expenditure plans which look to continually update and improve on village accommodation and facilities in line with guest and employee feedback. The Group is owned by investment funds advised by Brookfield Asset Management Inc., a Canadian global asset management company. Board Composition During the year, the Board comprised of the Chief Executive Officer ("CEO"), Chief Financial Officer ("CFO") and three shareholder representative Directors (the "Directors"). Further details on each Director are provided below. On 22 April 2022 the Group made the followfng changes to the composition of the Board; the current CEO, Martin Dalby, was appointed as the Non-Executive Chair of the Group and the current CFO, Colin McKinlay was appointed as the new CEO. Colin McKinlay has over four years' experience as CFO of the Group and over 25 years' experience in the broader leisure sector. Recruitment of a new CFO has commenced and, in the meantime, Colin McKinlay will continue to perform the CFO role. Martin Peter Dalby - Chief Executive Officer (appointed Non-Executive Chair on 22 April 2022) Martin Dalby has served as CEO of Center Pares since July 2000 and prior to that was Finance Director of Center Pares from 1997 to 2000 and Financial Controller from 1995 to 1997. Mr. Dalby joined Scottish and Newcastle in 1978 where he held various accounting positions before joining Center Pares UK in January 1995 as Financial Controller. Mr. Dalby has led the Center Pares Group through the change of company ownership from Scottish and Newcastle to Deutsche Bank Capital Partners (subsequently MidOcean Partners) as well as the acquisition and integration of Oasis Whinfell Forest. Mr. Dalby led the listing of the business on AIM in December 2003, the transition to the London Stock Exchange's main list on 1 March 2005 and the subsequent purchases by the Blackstone Funds in 2006 and the Brookfield Funds in 2015. In addition, he oversaw the building and opening of both Woburn Forest in 2014 and Longford Forest in 2019. • Colin McKinlay - Chief Financial Officer (appointed Chief Executive Officer on 22 April 2022) Colin McKinlay joined Center Pares in July 2017. Prior to joining Center Pares, Mr. McKinlay served as Finance Director for TUI Northern Europe, part of the TUI Group, between 2010 and 2017. Mr. McKinlay has held a number of • senior financial roles with businesses operating in the travel industry, including serving as Chief Financial Officer at Thomas Cook UK & Ireland between 2004 and 2006. Mr. McKinlay holds a degree in Accountancy & Financial Management from the University of Essex and is ICAEW qualified. .    Zach Vaughan - Board Member Zach Vaughan is Managing Partner in Brookfield's Property Group, responsible for Brookfield's European real estate investments. Mr. Vaughan joined Brookfield in the United States in 2012 and relocated to London in 2015. Since joining Brookfield, he has been involved in several M&A and asset transactions including Thayer Lodging, Center Pares, MPG Office Trust, UK Student Housing, Associated Estates and lnterhotels. Before relocating to London he oversaw Brookfield's North American multifamily investments and its operating company, Fairfield Residential. Prior to joining Brookfield, Mr. Vaughan worked at Canada Pension Plan Investment Board (CPPIB) and Reichmann International. Mr. Vaughan received an Honours Economics degree from The University of Western Ontario. Benedict Tobias Annable- Board Member Benedict Annable is a Senior Vice President of Brookfield Property Group and is responsible for advising on all legal aspects of Brookfield's real estate platform, specifically focusing on European acquisitions, dispositions and related financings. Since joining Brookfield in 2018, Mr. Annable has been involved in a number of acquisitions across various asset classes and jurisdictions, including offices, student housing and appart'hotel businesses and assets in the UK, France and Spain. Prior to joining Brookfield, Mr. Annable was a Partner at the law firm of Mishcon de Reya LLP where he focused on acquisitions, disposals, investments and joint ventures, primarily in the real estate sector. • Mr. Annable holds a BA (Hons) from Durham University. Andrea Colasanti - Board Member Andrea Colasanti is a Vice President in Brookfield's Property Group, involved in the Asset Management for Brookfield's European real estate investments. Since joining Brookfield in London in 2018, Mr. Colasanti has been involved in several Asset Management activities and transactions for Brookfield's real estate group across hospitality, student housing and logistics in various European countries (UK, France, Germany, Portugal). Before joining Brookfield, Mr. Colasanti worked for PwC, where he focused on financial due diligence and corporate finance in the real estate sector. Mr. Colasanti holds a Bachelor's Degree in Business Administration and a Master's Degree in Economics and Business from Luiss Guido Carli University in Rome. The Board is committed to improving its diversity in terms of g~nder, ethnicity, disability and age. The Group has an inclusive environment and is aiming to develop a diverse workforce which should increase diversity at senior levels in the coming years. During the year a diversity and inclusion benchmarking project was undertaken, as the first step to increasing diversity and inclusion across the business. The Directors have equal voting rights when making decisions, but the shareholder has the casting vote. All Directors have access to the advice and services of the Company Secretary and may, if they wish, take professional advice at the Company's expense. The duties of the Directors are delegated through a series of committees. The Directors attend and act as chair of relevant committees, so they can challenge and influence a broad range of areas across the Group. The Board ensures that the purpose and strategy align and are embedded and communicated throughout the Group. This can be seen at the regular senior management meetings and the employee forums. Directors update their skills, knowledge and familiarity with the business by meeting with senior management, visiting the villages and by attending appropriate external seminars and training courses. T_hereis an induction programme for all new Directors which is tailored to their specific experien~e and knowledge and which provides access to all parts of the business and shareholders. The Board also considers the professional development of the Directors on a regular basis and will arrange for ad-hoc training on matters such as data protection and climate related risks. The Board has not undergone a self-evaluation or independent effectiveness review however, various Board committees have undergone self-evaluation reviews and the Board will consider this in the future. The self-evaluation reviews of the committees have found the committees to be effective following significant changes that were made in the prior year.    Director responsibilities The Group and the Company recognise that good corporate governance and transparency is essential for long-term growth. The Company ensures that every decision considers the views and needs of all stakeholders. Whilst the Board has oversight, key decisions are made by the relevant committees and people with the most appropriate knowledge and experience. Each Director has a clear understanding of their accountability and responsibilities. The Directors meet on a quarterly basis. The Directors and senior management complete an Annual Code of Conduct declaration confirming that they have behaved in accordance with the Group's behaviours and values. Senior management are also required to declare any potential conflicts of interest, as they occur, and these are reviewed by the Board. The primary role of the Non-Executive Chair is to oversee the operation of the Board and the Group's governance structures and in particular to ensure that the Board is effective in setting and implementing the Group's direction and strategy. The Non-Executive Chair is also responsible for ensuring that the Company maintains an appropriate level of dialogue with its stakeholders, in particular the shareholders. The role of the Group Chief Executive Officer is to oversee the operational management of the Group's business, in line with the strategy and long-term objectives set by the Board. To allow the Board to operate effectively, they have delegated oversight of day-day operations to the Operating Board authority and key areas to committees. in particular the Risk Committee, the Safety Management Committee, the Competition Committee and the Data Protection Governance Committee. These committees are chaired by the relevant Director and are attended by the relevant senior management. The Board receives regular reports on all key aspects of the business including health and safety, risks and opportunities, the financial performance of the business, strategy, operational matters, market conditions, data protection and sustainability. Key financial information is collated from the various accounting systems. The finance function is appropriately qualified to ensure the integrity of this information and is provided with the necessary training to keep up to date with regulatory changes. Financial information is currently externally ·audited by Deloitte LLP on an annual basis, and financial controls are reviewed by the internal audit function and the shareholders' internal audit function. The shareholder also receives reports on key financial and operational metrics and corporate governance issues on a quarterly basis and regularly undertake audits for·Sarbanes Oxley requirements. Opportunity and Risk The Group and the Company have a proactive approach to the management of opportunity and risk. The Board has overall responsibility for setting the risk appetite for the business and ensuring the overall risk profile is aligned with this. Long-term strategic opportunities are reviewed by the Board on an annual basis, whilst short-term opportunities are reviewed on an ongoing basis. The Board is also responsible for ensuring that the business maintains sound internal control and risk management systems, as well as reviewing the effectiveness of those systems. The Board receives regular reports, via the Operating Board, on the effectiveness of the systems of internal control and risk management. The Board is satisfied that the systems are embedded within the day-to-day activities of the business and cover all material controls, including financial, operational and compliance controls. The Operating Board identified the opportunity to enter a new retail partnership with the British lifestyle brand, Joules Limited. New Joules stores have opened on all villages and provide a new and fresh approach to retail for our guests. The Risk Committee meets quarterly to consider the nature and review the risks facing the business, review the framework to mitigate such risks, and notifies the Board of changes in the status and control of risks. It reviews the key risk registers, challenging and making changes where appropriate and receives reports from its committees. The Risk Committee is chaired by the Chief Executive Officer and attended by the other Executive Director, the Operating Board and other appropriate senior management. Opportunity and risk are also considered by the Safety Management Committee, the Competition Committee and the Data Protection Governance Committee. These committees are chaired by the relevant Director and are attended by the appropriate senior management. The Group's key operational risks and mitigations are outlined in the Strategic report.    Remuneration The shareholder is involved in the setting of the remuneration strategy and policies that affect the Directors of the Company· and the Group as a whole. The strategy takes into account the recruitment framework and long-term incentive plans for senior execuUves, legislative requirements, best market practice and remuneration benchmarking. Pay is aligned with performance and considers fair pay and conditions across the business. An external benchmarking exercise was undertaken during the year. The Directors' remuneration is disclosed in.note 24. The Group's Gender Pay Report can be found on the Center Pares website. The Group is an active equal opportunities employer and promotes an environment free from discrimination, harassment and victimisation, where everyone receives equal treatment and career development. Stakeholder Relationships and Engagement The Board considers stakeholder engagement to be a matter of strategic importance and recognises that it is vital for the long-term growth and performance of the Company. The Non-Executive Chair will be responsible for ensuring that the Company maintains an appropriate level of dialogue with its stakeholders, in particular the shareholders. • The Group's approach to stakeholder engagement is reported in the Section 172 ( 1) section of the Strategic report. This outlines how the Board and Operating Board engaged with principal stakeholder groups. •
