   All entities in the Cera Care Group operate under the Group Corporate Governance Framework mandated by the Board of Directors (t_henBoard of the parent company, Cera Care Limited. The Group has adopted the Wates Principles as part of its governance framework and considers these an integral part of its approach to governance. 0 Purpose and Leadership Cera was founded to be the global leader in revolutionising home healthcare for the better, for both our users and society. Its mission is to empower people to live longer, better, healthier lives in their own homes. Everything else flows from this, our values and the way we behave, what we expect, and the way we work with each other to deliver our mission. Cera shares three values: Commit We are bold and fearless. We are committed to serving the communities we work and live in with the highest quality and standards. Connect We empower our employees and users through technology to build a more sustainable future for health and social care. Create: We innovate and find new solutions. If it can be imagined, we make it possible. We challenge the status quo to find a better way. These values are the foundation for how Cera relates to and interacts with our mission, each other, our business partners, and our members. Our values underpin every interaction we have, whether with colleagues, customers, suppliers and the communities in which we operate. The close relationship between effective Governance and effective Executive authority and action is at the heart of this process and our business. Day-to-day operations of the Group are managed by the executive leadership team, comprising of twenty-nine members of senior management (female: ten) who have executive authority to make key decisions on operational, commercial and key stakeholder matters. The executive leadership team meet formally and informally on a weekly basis to discuss key stakeholder matters and make decisions within their executive authority. In addition to these meetings the executive directors also meet on a weekly basis. The executive leadership team receives its mandates and guidance from the Board and the Sub-Committees, each with a particular mandate, which have been established to directly advise and engage with the company. They in turn give mandates and guidance to the senior management te,u11with weekly management meeting ,as well as reg~•l.:ir engagement through emails, biogs and stewardship meetings with the functional heads. This framework ensures that the Cera Group's executive and core management team are empowered with the appropriate level of authority to make decisions on behalf of the individual operating entities. Throughout 2021 the primary focus for the Board, and executive leadership team, were to ensure the Group was able to successfully navigate through the pandemic and come out the other side a stronger, more resilient business.    Board composition The Board comprises two executive directors, the Chief ExecutiveOfficer and Chief Commercial Officer and seven Non-executive Directors, including a Non-executive Chairman. At times, subject matter experts from the executive leadership team and management teams will attend the Board Meetings to observe and advise. Certain reserved matters such as governance, long-term strategy, mergers and acquisitions, restructuring and commercial deals over a certain size or duration, are submitted to the Board for advice and ultimate approval. The composition of the Group Board is considered appropriate tor the size of the Group, with the directors bringing a wide range of commercial and industry experience, ensuring a well-balanced range of views and experience. The directors recognise the Board composition lacks diversity. We are committed to supporting diversity and inclusion across the entire workforce and in particular continuing to improve diversity among the senior management and executive leadership teams Directors' responsibilities The Board is continuously improving its approach to corporate governance ensuring clear responsibilities are allocated to individuals and sub-committees, reviewing if strategy is still fit for purpose and requesting updates from the sub-committees and subject matter experts. At the beginning of each year quarterly recurring board meetings for Cera are scheduled for the year and dates are set in advance. Two additional strategic board meetings are set: 1. Strategy Day: Discussand define the Group's strategy; and 2. Five Vear Plan: Taking the outcomes of the strategy day to review the Group's five-year strategic plan. The Board uses its meetings as a mechanism to evaluate and review business operations and how they align with the Groups overall strategy and the impact on our key stakeholders. The key activities and decisions undertaken by the Board in 2021 are outlined in the 'Section 172(1) Companies Act 2006 Statement' on pages 8 to 10. Each board meeting follows a considered agenda, agreed in advance by the Board. Within the certain sections there are standing items as well as special topics added to individual sections as required. Non-board executives and key management are periodically invited to Board meetings to provide their expertise and be part of discussions of specific items. Opportunity and risks Cera's mission, values and overall Group strategy guide the Board's decisions to promote and deliver long-term value, taking advantage of opportunities which arise whilst ensuring an appropriate risk framework is in place to manage the risks we face in our business. The Group's Risk Committee, chaired by Andrew Brode, a Non-executive Director, aims to assist the Board in the fulfilment of its corporate governance, establishment of procedures to manage risk, oversee the internal control framework. and determine the nature and extent ofthe principal risks the company is willing to take in order to achieve its long-term strategic objectives. Principal risks are identified across the business at all levels, to ensure these are registered and reported to the Board along with the mitigation plans associated with them. The risks we face in our business, and the action we take to mitigate such risks, are formalised in a risk register. These are reviewed by the Audit & Risk Committee and formally approved by the Board. Different business units assessthe risk in their area of expertise. The Board is informed of such risks and establishes whether the level of risk meets its strategic objectives.    Remuneration The role of Cera's Remuneration Committee is to determine the strategy and policy in relation to terms and conditions of engagement (including remuneration) of the senior management of the Cera Group, and to determine the specific total remuneration of the senior management, these include payments and awards under annual bonus plans, share incentive schemes, pension schemes and any other compensation arrangements. The Committee is responsible for the development of the remuneration policy which ultimately is approved by the Board. It also regularly reviews the on-going appropriateness and relevance of the remuneration policy to ensure compliance and appropriate consistency and effectiveness of application, and if necessary, makes proposals for changes. Cera strives to be, and remains to be a preferred employer, whilst retaining talents at all levels and developing and promoting where possible from within. Stakeholders Stakeholder engagements are considered crucial by the Board. supported by the leadership team and reported to the Board. This is applied at all levels of the organisation, All stakeholders are appropriately considered throughout our decision-making process and consulted and engaged regularly through dedicated surveys, or meetings, including tailored initiatives. The impact that activities might have on each stakeholder is balanced and assessedin the decision-making process to ensure that all stakeholder interests are appropriately considered. Our key stakeholders, how we engage with them, and the effect stakeholders have on Board decision making is outlined in the 'Section 172(1} Companies Act 2006 Statement' on pages 8 to 10.
