   The Company and its board of directors ("the Board") is committed to and has applied the principles of corporate governance contained in the Wates Corporate Governance Principles for large private companies for the year ended 31 December 2021. Further explanation of how each principle has been applied is set out below. Purpose and leadership The Board and Company have regular communications with stakeholders. The key stakeholders and the specific forum for engagement are listed below: • Patients - patient feedback forms, complaints management policies, provision of information to Private Healthcare Information Network ("PHIN") whose role it is to provide independent information to patients about private healthcare providers • Regulators - frequent relation~hip meetings with CQC, HIS and HlW and communication via Independent Healthcare Provider Network ("IHPN") •Employees-Employee Voice Forum ("EVF") and employee engagement programme • Consultants - Medical advisory committees within each hospital ("MAC") chaired by a Hospital Clinical Chair • NHS - local relationships with Trusts and NHS commissioning bodi_es(CCGs / CCBs), and central relationships with NHS England and other national NHS bodies • Insurers - relationships and regular engagement with the commercial team • Suppliers - relationships and regular engagement with the procurement team The Directors have established the following purpose statement for the Group "To provide the high quality, safe and compassionate care our patients need and expect" supported by the principles of: • "we believe that patients come first"; • "we believe in our people"; • "we believe that 'good enough' never is"; and • "we believe in being open-minded and innovative". and also supported by the following values: • "we value people who are selfless and compassionate"; • "we value people who are collaborative and committed"; • "we value people who are agile and brave"; and • "we value people who are tenacious and creative". The Company is committed to building a culture which encourages staff to speak up safely. During 20 i8 we relaunched our "Raising Concerns at Work" policy and established the role of"Freedom to Speak Up Guardian". "Freedom to Speak Up" leads were appointed in each hospital and have the support of their local management teams, the Group's guardian and our Chief Medical Officer who has Executive responsibility for "Freedom to Speak Up". The Company has various policies to mitigate the risk of conflicts of interest including the conflicts of interest and anti-bribery and corruption policies suP,ported by a mandatory training programme. In addition, all healthcare professionals are required under their individual professional registrations to conduct themselves in an ethical manner and in the best interests of patients. Relationships between the Group and medical consultants are disclosed on the Circle Health Group website.    There are examples of how the directors have considered their duties in relation to s 172 b), in the manner in which it engages with employees.    Board composition The Circle Health Holdings Limited Board is comprised of Directors who have healthcare experience and/or other relevant professional skills and experience. Details of Directors who have served over the period are included in the Directors' Report. Directors' responsibilities The Group has a clearly defined governance framework, based on Board and Governance Assw-ance Frameworks, and committee structures. The Board is supported by the Integrated Governance Committee, which has primary responsibility for the oversight of clinical and other related governance and risks, and the Audit and Risk Committee, which has prima1y responsibility for the oversight of financial and related governance and risks in the Group, together with a series of operational and governance boards, committees and sub-committees, with established terms of reference. Opportunity and risk The Company continually seeks opportunities to create value for stakeholders from growth in activity and improvement in financial performance, using the existing assets of the Company and through investment in new facilities, equipment and technology. The risks that threaten these opportunities have been described earlier, and are under active management through the Company's risk management systems. Remuneration On any new senior appointment the board considers the market and remuneration packages that are commensurate to the role. Short term incentive arrangements are based on the quality and performance of business. The market conditions are reviewed on a regular basis. The Group's Gender Pay Report 2021 is available on the Circle Health Group website. Stakeholder relationship and engagement There are various mechanisms for collecting information to inform the Board's view of the Group's impact on stakeholders. Information about patients is obtained from various clinical indicators and patient reported outcome measures (PROMS). The Group monitors its impact on the environment through review of the carbon emissions reporting (see fw-ther information on this elsewhere in the Directors' Repo1i). Other stakeholder engagement mechanisms are set out in the first principle above around Purpose and Leadership.
