   CGML Corporate Governance Report and Principal Risks For the year ended 31 December 2021, under The Companies (Miscellaneous Reporting) Regulations 2018, the Company has applied the Wates Corporate Governance Principles for Large Private Companies (published by the Financial Reporting Council (FRC) in December 2018 and available on the FRC website). The chart below highlights the main components of CGML's governance structure, within Citi's regional and UK management and governance framework during 2021: I [ ~·) ' GGBCEJ tl UKEXECUTIVECOMMITTEE tl : :"O_,,-~~-~~"-.: : QJ; : ~ [ New Producl ·. I i ! ~ l c=r::!sl r::!sl : .:2\ :•..................... -~) I UK Lcg.nl EnGfy €1.ocutiv'e Governance J CJ Boardle'm/EMEA - UK Governance Committees £w Note: Sub Committees and Sub Forums are not dlsptayed ~~=::=~=~al r SupptementaryComnillees E::] ~;~~Supplemenlary i Principle 1 - Purpose and Leadership Purpose CGML 's purpose, in line with that of Citi, is to serve as a trusted partner to its clients by responsibly providing financial services that enable growth and economic progress. CGML's core activities are being a dealer, market maker and underwriter and providing advisory services. Whilst carrying out these activities, it ensures that actions are always in its clients' interests, create economic value and are systemically responsible. Strategy CGML 's strategic purpose was formalised with the adoption of an annual Strategy Day, under the direction of the Board of Directors (the Board). The Strategy Day looks at the year ahead and drives the Board agenda setting. The Strategy Day is an example of ensuring good dialogue with the CGML workforce and wider stakeholders. The key strategic priorities for CGML for the year ended 31 December 2021 were as follows: • Deliver client excellence as Citi's international broker-dealer; • Improve infrastructure to drive resilience, efficiency and a great client experience; • Make strong governance and controls a cornerstone ofCGML's success; • Attract, retain and develop talent and shape good culture and conduct; and • Efficient utilisation of financial resources. The CGML Strategic and Financial Plan 2021-2023 was documented and approved by the CGML Board following the Strategy Day and is used to clearly articulate the CGML strategic priorities internally.    Principle 1 - Purpose and Leadership (continued) Values and Culture The Board and senior management are instrumental in shaping good culture and conduct for the Company. The Company's Leadership Principles (take ownership, deliver with pride, and succeed together), represent the qualities, behaviours and expectations employees must exhibit to deliver on the mission of enabling growth and economic progress. Employees contribute to creating a culture that drives client excellence, controls excellence and operational excellence. Diversity and Inclusion are recognised as part of CGML's core values and the Company needs a culture in which employees hold themselves accountable for managing risk and where they continue to take pride in always doing the right thing. Doing the right thing includes taking ownership and showing empathy for colleagues, clients and communities, treating others with respect and civility, and continuing to invest in colleagues from all backgrounds, valuing and learning from different perspectives and breaking down barriers. CGML monitors and measures its 'cultural health' and conduct at governance and management meetings and uses a range of measures to help adjust and improve itself. Citi's Code of Conduct prohibits discrimination and harassment and highlights procedures for speaking up and reporting concerns about conduct or situations that may put the Company or its customers at risk. ·For further details please see the Mission and Strategy section on page 11. Principle 2 - Board Composition The details of each member of the Board during the year ended 31 December 2021 can be found in the Directors' Report on page 21. Chair To ensure that the balance of responsibilities, accountabilities and decision making across the Company effectively maintained, CGML has appointed a separate Chair and Chief Executive. Size and Structure are As at 31 December 2021, the Board consisted of six Executive Directors and four Independent Non-Executive Directors. The Executive Directors are: • • James Bardrick - CGML Chief Executive Officer (CEO) • Frank Mannion - EMEA Chief Financial Officer (CFO) • Leonardo Arduini - EMEA Head of Markets • Anne-Maree Tassell - EMEA Head of Operations and Technology (O&T) and Chieflnformation • Zoe Wimborne - EMEA Chief Risk Officer (CRO) Officer • Deepak Jain - Global Head oflndependent The Independent Non-Executive Directors are: Compliance Risk Management (ICRM) Special Projects • Jonathan Moulds - Chair of CGML Board, Chair of CGML Nomination Committee and Interim Chair of Remuneration Committee • William Fall - Chair ofCGML Risk Committee • Sally Clark - Chair ofCGML Audit Committee • Diana Taylor - Group representative from Citigroup, Inc. Board    Principle 2- Board Composition (continued) During Q3 2020 the CGML Board carried out an external Board Effectiveness Review to ensure the Board is focused on preparation for the future and has in place a long-term roadmap for development. The composition of the Board changed during 2021 to ensure that the size and composition was appropriate for the scale, complexity, regulatory oversight, and systemic importance of CGML within Citi. The EMEA Chief Risk Officer, Zoe Wimborne, and EMEA Head of O&T and Chief Information Officer, Anne-Maree Tassell, joined the Board as Executive Directors. Jonathan Moulds, William Fall and Sally Clark joined the Board in February 2021 as Independent Non-Executive Directors (see their respective titles above). Each new Board Director brings a wealth of experience in the financial services industry and subsidiary governance. Jonathan Moulds joined as the Senior Independent Director taking over as Chair when Cyrus Ardalan resigned in November 2021. The Independent Non-Executive Directors bring experience in risk, finance and audit, in addition to perspectives and challenge from their roles within the industry and also outside the sectors in which CGML operates. All Directors have access to the advice and services of the Company Secretary's office and may, if they wish, take professional advice at the Company's expense. The duties of the Board are executed partially through committees. The Independent Non-Executive Directors attend and act as chair to relevant committees (as noted on page 6) so that they are able to challenge and influence a broad range of areas affecting CGML. One Non-Executive Director, Diana Taylor, is also a Non-Executive Director of the ultimate parent, Citigroup Inc. The Board comprises and is supported by nine of Citi's UK Senior Managers (as defined under the Senior Manager and Certification Regime (SM&CR) from the PRA and the FCA) including the relevant EMEA business heads together with the Regional heads of Finance, O&T and Risk. Three of the four Non-Executive Directors are Senior Managers and they are subject to all aspects of the SM&CR, including regulatory pre-approval, conduct rules and the statutory duty of responsibility. The SM&CR focuses on a small number of individuals (Senior Managers) who hold key roles or have overall responsibility for whole areas of relevant UK entities and branches. Senior Managers require regulatory pre-approval to perform a Senior Management Function (SMF). The SM&CR requires Senior Managers to take reasonable steps to avoid a breach occurring or continuing. As part of the Individual Accountability Regime (of which the SM&CR is a part), CGML maintains a Management Responsibilities Map which documents the firm's governance arrangements. Balance and diversity There has been significant improvement in the gender diversity of the Board with the percentage offemale Directors increasing from 12.5% in 2020 to 40% during 2021. We acknowledge that there is a relative lack of diversity on the Board for other categories beyond gender and recognise that this is a challenge across the financial services industry. Citi is committed to making the Company an ever-more inclusive environment, thereby fostering a more diverse workforce which should increase diversity at the most senior levels. We will be demonstrating our commitment to this area with various initiatives and ensuring CGML is increasingly viewed as an employer of choice Effectiveness The Board operates on a quarterly meeting cycle every year together with two additional days for Board Strategy, and more often as required. The Committees meet more frequently with six to eight meetings per year. In addition to the quarterly meetings, the Board receives technical training in the form of in-depth and targeted education sessions that cover a variety of topics including Technology, Cyber, Operational Resilience, and Resolution. The Board ensures it has the relevant knowledge and skills to fulfil its responsibilities and keep pace with growth and innovation. The Board undertakes an annual a skills assessment exercise and has used the resulting gap analysis to inform its succession planning and continuing education programme for the year ahead.    Principle 2-Board Composition (continued) The Board considers these exercises important in order to identify key areas for future opportunities and improvements. The Board of CGML is focused on being equipped to meet tomorrow's challenges, opportunities and emerging risks, the rapidly changing market, the evolution of competition, trends in its clients' business models and experience expectations, and the effect of new technologies. Principle 3 - Director Responsibilities Accountability CGML adheres to and seeks to exceed the corporate governance standards expected from a regulated firm of its size and structure. It recognises that success is measured in large part by its ability to deliver a progressive and effective governance model that is both adaptive to the pace of change and robust enough to withstand the challenges it faces. The governance model also reflects the need to demonstrate influence and oversight of areas where the Board relies on other parts of the group to achieve the outcomes needed to deliver its own strategies. rt requires the senior executives of CGML to design and operate an effective governance environment coupled with a strong culture of risk management and controls to support good decision-making. To maintain a progressive and leading governance culture the Board will develop alongside the business it governs. As outlined in Principle 2, the Board welcomed the independent reviews for both board and executive governance throughout 2020 which helped benchmark and evaluate its performance and relevant skills, and assess its suitability to fulfil its duties towards its shareholder and key stakeholders. The Board expects executive management to undertake regular self-assessments for themselves, designed to support and enhance improvements and adopt a culture of continuous development. The Board delegates authority for oversight of the day-to-day management of the Company to the UK Executive Committee which meets monthly. It is chaired by the Citi EMEA Chief Executive Officer and SMF 7 Group Entity Manager and membership includes the key UK Senior Managers. CGML also has a dedicated monthly management meeting, chaired by the CEO of CGML to discuss specific legal entity focused matters. Committees The Independent Non-Executive Directors are independent and have no material business or other relationships with the Company that might influence their independence or judgement. Certain governance responsibilities are delegated to other Board committees: Audit, Remuneration, Nomination and Risk. Each of these Board committees are chaired by Non-Executive Directors and have a separate charter, which include the authorities delegated to them by the Board. Integrity of Information The Board receives regular and timely information (at least monthly via calls or meetings with the CGML CEO on all key aspects of the business including its financial performance, risk management, control environment, market and competitive conditions, Citi Global and EMEA developments and global and local governance and regulatory priorities. CGML's management are responsible for the integrity of this information and individuals are provided with the necessary training to keep up to date with regulatory changes. The Company's financial statements are subject to an external audit by KPMG LLP on an annual basis, and controls are periodically reviewed by CGML's internal audit function. Other key information is prepared by the relevant internal function. Opportunity Long-term strategic opportunities are identified in the CGML Strategic and Financial reviewed, discussed and challenged by the Board annually.    Plan process which is    Principle 4 - Opportunity and Risk Risk CGML's principal risk types arise from the nature of the services provided to its clients and include both financial and non-financial elements. The principal risk types identified by management and covered by CGML's Risk Management Framework are noted as follows: • reputational risk; • strategic risk; • market risk; • liquidity risk; • credit risk (mainly in the form of counterparty credit risk); • operational risk (including conduct risk); and • compliance risk. The Risk Committee ensures that the principal financial and non-financial risks and emerging risks are identified and managed appropriately and in a timely manner. The Committee meets at least quarterly and updates the risk register for any changes in underlying conditions. The Committee continues to refine and enhance the Company's Risk Management Framework and risk registers and works to ensure consistency across operations. The Risk Committee reports to the Board on a quarterly basis. Responsibilities The Board and the Risk Committee are responsible for ensuring that senior management consider the external factors and dependencies on group-wide initiatives that may impact CGML's strategic opportunities. CGML's most valuable resource is its staff, so it closely monitors the impact of its strategy on the capability and resources availability within its talent pool. Risks are managed and mitigation plans designed and executed using CGML's detailed Risk Management Framework. The key external factors that the Board monitors are as follows: • Geopolitical and economic factors that impact growth opportunities and financial returns. CGML took steps to minimise client and market disruption that might arise as a result of the UK's withdrawal from the European Union and the direct and indirect consequences of COVID-19 and the conflict in Ukraine; • Rapid technological development that presents opportunities to improve· client service but also creates the potential for industry wide change and exposes CGML to high impact risk (Cyber, IT resilience, Data Management). Operations & Technology have a critical role to enable CGML both to enhance offerings and to protect against negative disruption and to manage a significant pace of change; and • The global and local regulatory environment, which requires governance and a strong compliance function to have oversight and collaboration with the first line and is capable of managing multiple priorities across a range of regulatory initiatives, including the timely completion of remediation and targeted improvements, addressing LlBOR transition, the finalisation of Basel Ill, Operational Resilience Third Party and inter affiliate outsourcing and Climate Risks, amongst others. Principle 5 - Remuneration The Remuneration Committee aims to set remuneration at a level that will enable it to secure and retain executives who can deliver the Company's strategy. The Remuneration Committee is responsible for making recommendations to the Board concerning the Company's remuneration strategy, recruitment framework and long-term incentive plans for senior executives. Pay is aligned with performance and taking into account fair pay and conditions across the Company's workforce.    Principle 5 - Remuneration (continued) The Company completed its fifth annual UK Gender Pay Gap Report based on 2021 remuneration. These Reports have highlighted areas which the Company can improve on and the Company is continuing to take steps to reduce the gender pay gap. Citi have signed the UK's Women in Finance Charter, and committed to a target to achieve at least 30% female representation among its director and managing director level staff throughout EMEA by 2025. As of the date of the 202 I Report, it was at 26%, up from 19% in 2017. The 202 I Gender Pay Report was published ahead of the UK Government's April 2022 deadline. In fulfilling its role, the Remuneration Committee has regard to the responsibilities set out under the PRA and FCA Remuneration Codes and takes into account, where applicable, relevant guidance and the long-term interests of shareholders, investors and other stakeholders in CGML. Principle 6 - Stakeholders As set out above in Principle 3, the Board is clear that progressive and effective governance is essential to deliver its purpose and to protect CGML and Citi's reputation and relationships with all its stakeholder community including clients, employees, shareholders, suppliers, regulators and the local communities in which it operates. Details of our key stakeholders and our engagement with them are set out in our Section 172( I) Statement below and are incorporated into this statement. As at 31 December 2021 CGML had 30 approved UK Senior Managers, of whom 3 were CGML Non-Executive Directors and 6 more CGML Executive Directors. CGML had 3 outgoing UK Senior Managers, subject to the final handover with the incoming UK Senior Manager.    Section 172(1) Statement Section 172( I) of the Companies Act 2006 requires each Director of the Company to act in a way in which he/she considers, in good faith, would be most likely to promote the success of the Company for the benefit of its members as a whole, and in doing so have regard to a range of matters including: • the likely consequences of any decision in the long-term; • the interests of the Company's employees; • the need to foster the Company's business relationships with suppliers, customers and others;· • the impact of the Company's operations on the community and the environment; • the desirability of the Company maintaining a reputation for high standards of business conduct; and • the need to act fairly as between the Company's members. The Directors of the Company give careful consideration to the matters referred to in section 172(1) when discharging their legal duties. The Board believes in taking decisions for the long-term benefit of the Company and looks to safeguard the Company's reputation by upholding the highest standards of business conduct. Depending on the issue in question, the relevance of each stakeholder group and other relevant factors may vary. As such, the Board strives to understand the needs and priorities of each stakeholder group and the other factors relevant to the issue in question during its deliberations and as part of its decision-making. Board members receive periodic refresher training on their legal duties and may seek advice about the implications of these duties at any time from our Company Secretary. New Directors are offered a comprehensive induction programme which includes information on their statutory duties.    Principle 6 - Stakeholders (continued) To ensure the most efficient and effective approach, stakeholder engagement is led by Citigroup, in particular where matters are of group-wide significance or have an impact on Citigroup's reputation including our clients, shareholders, staff and global regulators. The CGML Board considers and discusses information from across the organisation to help it understand the impact on CGML's operations and the interests and views of its key stakeholders. The Board also reviews strategy and financial performance as well as operational and financial risks and regulator priorities. The Board receives this information in advance of each quarterly meeting, during monthly calls with the CGML Chief Executive Officer and by holding an annual Strategy Day. The CGML Board receives regular reports from the Citigroup parent Board Non-Executive Director and from the Citigroup EMEA Regional CEO at its Board meetings. Using all of the above actions, the Board has an overview of engagement with stakeholders Directors to comply with their legal duty under section 172 of the Companies Act 2006.    Key stakeholder engagement Clients which enables the The CGML Board receives regular reporting of client performance and themes, allowing an understanding and oversight of the direction of client sentiment. Citi performs a Voice of the Client survey which provides in-depth understanding of our corporate clients' needs and expectations, alongside regular client performance and service benchmarking, leveraging external reporting and analysis where appropriate. The businesses within CGML operate a globally coordinated client-centric sales and relationship management organisation focussed on generating profitable and responsible growth and building market share with some of the most important organisations across the globe. Employees CGML embraces Citi's mission of enabling growth and economic progress, while adhering to the highest ethical standards. We ask our colleagues to ensure their decisions pass three tests: they are in our clients' interests, create economic value, and are always systemically responsible. An informed and engaged workforce is critical to delivering positive outcomes for all our stakeholders. The physical and mental health and safety of CGML's employees and their families, as well as its clients and the communities it serves, are of the utmost importance. As the COVID-19 pandemic continued in 2021, CGML and Citi took proactive measures to support colleagues' well-being, while maintaining their ability to serve clients. As always, colleagues are encouraged to present their suggestions and views to CGML through various channels, including an employee representative body and the Voice of the Employee survey, the results of which are presented to the Board each year by Human Resources. The Board has requested and received presentations on areas such as employee resilience and mental health in response to identified areas of focus. Suppliers CGML works to maintain fair, resilient and professional working relationships with its suppliers. CGML has a well-established framework for the engagement with and on-going relationship management and controls relating to risks of its key suppliers, ensuring shared values in the conduct of their business. The Modem Slavery Act 2015 ("the Act") obliges the CGML Board to make an annual statement on the reasonable steps taken to ensure that its own operations and supply chains are free of human trafficking and modern slavery. CGML has made annual statements of this nature since the Act came into force. The Board reviews and challenges the due diligence which underpins the statement each year and is kept informed of any improvements made by Citigroup. The information relating to the Modern Slavery Act, as required by the Modern Slavery Act 2015, will be published at https://www.citibank.co·_uk/personal/home.do.    Key stakeholder engagement (continued) Regulators CGML maintains an open and regular engagement with regulators to ensure clarity and transparency over its strategy and plan, key risks and opportunities, and progress on ongoing initiatives. Regulatory engagement is maintained both at the Board as well as the Executive Management level to ensure regulatory requirements and expectations are consistently understood and met. Primary regulatory engagement for CGML is with the PRA/Bank of England and FCA supervisory teams and senior management, in addition to engaging with the CFTC and SEC internationally. Further, CGML is providing ongoing updates to the regulators on the impact of COVrD-19 on its clients, markets, employees, financials, liquidity, risk measures and operational/technology capabilities and resilience. Communities In pursuit of Citi's mission, CGML is committed to enabling growth and progress in the communities where we operate. Citi is in regular dialogue with charities and non-governmental organisations (NGOs), as part of its philanthropic commitment and mission to support the communities in which it operates. Citi works closely with community partners to understand the issues local communities are facing so that it can respond appropriately by providing funding, volunteers or other support as required. Specifically Citi has a focus on supporting disadvantaged young people into employment whether they are from less privileged backgrounds, refugees, young people affected by youth violence or young people with disabilities. The CGML workforce dedicate time through the annual Global Community Day and the London Charity Partner programme, which in 2021, Citi raised over £100,000 for the Guide Dogs charity, in addition to supporting other Citi charitable initiatives in the UK and overseas. Many of these are also supported financially by the Citi Foundation including Career Ready and Teach First. Engagement with local communities allows CGML to understand better the needs and requirements of society enabling it to innovate for the future. Environment Citi recognises the importance of its environmental responsibilities, monitors its impact on the environment, and designs and implements policies to reduce any damage that might be caused by its activities. Initiatives designed to minimise CGML's impact on the environment include safe disposal of waste, recycling and reducing energy consumption. The Board has been actively engaged regarding the implementation of the CGML response to the Prudential Regulation Authority's Supervisory Statement on Climate Change SS3/19 on managing the risks from • climate change. CGML continues to make progress on embedding the entity's approaches to strengthening governance, incorporating climate change into risk management frameworks, conducting scenario analysis, and enhancing disclosures for climate change-related risks. Government and Policymakers CGML engages regularly with a wide range of external stakeholders including policymakers, media, clients and NGOs. CGML follows Citigroup's approach that responsible corporate citizenship includes holding an ongoing dialogue with its stakeholders, and contributing insights, information and thought leadership towards the public policy environment that CGML operates within. As part of Citi, CGML engages with policymakers both directly and as part of industry efforts, as a member of a number of financial services trade associations. As part of Citi, CGML complies with all relevant transparency requirements, at both the European Union and various individual country level. Details of Citi's entry in the EU's Transparency Register can be found at: https://ec.europa.eu/transparencyregister/public/consultation/ displaylobbyist.do?id=00353 7575 73-57.    CGML takes its responsibilities as a corporate citizen seriously, using its corporate voice to take a stand on issues that matter to its clients, employees and other stakeholders. These range from a continued commitment to the Paris Agreement, to the support of immigrants from around the world in the workforce and in our communities, to the importance of pay equity. Part of meeting these commitments requires communicating actively with a wide range of stakeholders to inform them of what Citi and CGML is doing and engaging in dialogue to understand what more can be done. CGML is committed to increasing the transparency of its efforts on these issues, and supports Citi's efforts to supplement its annual Environment, Social and Governance Report with articles, reports, surveys, and other relevant perspectives throughout the year. Decision making in action The Board's approach to stakeholder engagement was illustrated during the transition of the European Government Bond business from CGML to Citibank Europe pie as part of the target operating model planning following the UK's withdrawal from the EU. The Board received regular updates from the UK Executive Committee and working groups set up within the firm to oversee and manage the project. The Board provided challenge and oversight particularly concerning the risk and financial impact on CGML. To ensure CGML remains a sustainable and profitable entity whilst enabling it to continue serving clients throughout the EEA with minimal disruption. The Board has continued to be actively engaged in target operating model planning throughout 2021 and into 2022.
