   Corporate governance Strong corporate governance is an integral part of Colt's core values. Colt has continued to apply the governance mechanisms from its time as a listed company on the London Stock Exchange, and is reporting against the Wates Principles. Further information is set out in the Corporate Governance Statement, appended after the Directors' Report.    Corporate Governance Statement The Company has elected to report its corporate governanc;e measures against the Wates Principles ('Wates'). References to the Company are to Colt Group Holdings Limited; references to Colt are to the Colt group of companies, of which the Company is the holding company; references to the Board are to the board of directors of the Company; references to Core are to the part of the business delivering network and voice services; and references to DCS are to part of the business delivering data centre services. Wates, Principle 1 Colt's purpose is to invest and expand its connectivity across the globe, and to be a leading customer-foc;used business within the industry. Two focal points in this regard have been the ongoing investment into network and aata centre expansions, and significant internal transformation programmes aimed at creating a more seamless experience for customers (the lattermost having resulted in material improvements to Colt's NPS, putting Colt well-ahead of industry averages). Colt's purpose is included in its communication strategy with both customers and suppliers inter a/ia during bids, negotiations and at roadshows. Internally, Colt's purpose is cascaded from the top, and updates about how Colt is achieving ils purpose are provided to the workforce during Colt-wide and functional all-hands meetings, by members of the executive management team and their direct reports. Colt launched a new values matrix in Cl4 2019 and in early 2021, management sought feedback fro~ the workforce about whether these values resonated with the organisation and remained fit for purpose. Anonymous feedback was collected through a survey, and thereafter through voluntary participation in focus groups. Through a close collaboration between the employee focus groups and management, in mid 0 2021 Colt updated the values: (i) We know people matter; (ii) We always find a better way; (iii) We win together; and (iv) We can change the world. The Company strives to ensure a consistent culture of ethical behaviour across Colt, to ensure the entire workforce has a good "compliance radar". Colt's Code of Business Conduct ('Co BC') is available on www.colt.neUlegal, and covers a wide range of matters. Together with mandatory Colt-wide annual e-learning, the employees of certain functions receive classroom training from a third party, and the Corporate Compliance Committee ('CCC') initiates a minimum of one activity per month to raise awareness about ethical behaviour. In line with best corporate practice, the CoBC e-learning module is updated at reguiar intervals: the module format was changed in 2021, and as part of this, the content was reviewed and updated (including ensuring scenarios reflected the revised ways of working). The CoBC also includes information about whistleblowing either to CCC or through the independent Ethics Hotline, which passes reports to the CCC for review and further action. The Audit Committee (the 'AuditCo'} (see Wates, Principle 2) is presented with a quarterly update about reports received (in)directly by the CCC, and an overview of actions taken. The report to the AuditCo is anonymised (both whistle-blowers and action owners}. with the aim of removing any bias. should the AuditCo wish to challenge the action taken by either the CCC or action owners within Colt The content of the Code of Business Conduct ls monitored by the CCC, and updated from time to time, either pursuant to statutory changes or to feedback that additional clarity is required: any material updates to the Code of Business Conduct require approval from the AuditCo. Wates, Principle 2 The Board has five scheduled meetings per year and is referred to as the 'Core Board', as it considers all matters related to Core and any Matters Reserved (see Wates, Principle 4). The Core Board comprises executive an,dnon-executive Directors, who represent the interests of Colt's shareholders. The Core Board has three subcommittees: (i) the DCS subcommittee, named the 'DCS Board'; (ii) the Audit Committee; and (iii) the Remuneration Committee (the 'RemCo'}. The DCS Board has full delegation from the Core Board to make decisions in respect of DCS and comprises directors as well as senior management from the DCS function. The composition of the AuditCo and the RemCo does not include any executive directors. An induction is provided to all new non-executive Company Directors. The AuditCo's remit is to monitor the Integrity of the Company's financial statements; approve Internal Audit's annual audit plan and review and monitor Internal Audit's effectiveness; and monitor and assess internal controls and risk management (such as the company's actions in response to whistleblowing reports: see Wat~s. Principle 1). The AuditCo is required to report its findings and recommendations to the Core Board. The RemCo's remit is set out in Wates, Principle 5.    Wates, Principle 2 (continued) With seven Directors on the Core and DCS Boards, the Company is able to accommodate its need to operate as a large private limited company. The Company's approach to diversity is reflected in the Board's composition, where there is a range of experience, bringing about a balanced and effective board for Colt's purpose. Biographies of Core Board, DCS Board, AuditCo and RemCo members can be found ~t: https://www.colt.net/leadership/. In 2021, the Core and DCS Boards have been updated at each meeting by members of the ELT and DCS $MT respectively, about the overall performance of the Core and DCS businesses as well as progress of long- and short-term initiatives. During 2021, the Core Board was requested to consider one principal decision, and the DCS Board was requested to consider five principal decisions (see Wates, Principle 4). Wates Principle 3 As set out in Wates, Principle 2, the Core Board has the general oversight and decision-making power for Core ahd for Colt as a whole (as set out in the Matters Reser.ved for the Board policy ('Matters Reserved')). The Matters Reserved include matters ordinarily requiring either board or shareholder consent, as well as material projects affecting Colt as a whole, e.g. divestment of part of the business. The DCS Board has decision-making power for DCS and has its own terms of reference ('DCS Terms of Ref), which are a subset of the Matters Reserved adjusted in line with the nature and size of DCS. In 2019, the Matters Reserved and the DCS Terms of Ref were amended to clearly identify 'Principal Decisions' (see Wates, Principle 6}. In 2021, no changes were made to the identified Principal Decisions in either the Matters Reserved or the DCS Terms of Ref. Colt's day-to-day running has been delegated by the Boarc;Ito the Executive Leadership Team ('EL T') in respect of Core and the DCS Senior Management Team ('DCS SMT') in respect of DCS. The Colt Authorities Matrix ('CAM') is a key internal policy document, which sets out not only the Board's delegation to the ELT and DCS SMT, but also the sub-delegations to VP and manager level. Both the CAM and Matters Reserved are well-established policies within Colt. and subject to regular review. In order to facilitate the discharge of their duties, the Core and DC$ Board members receive regular updates from the ELT and DCS SMT members respectively, both about the performance of their individual functions, as well as progress against certain projects and matters approved by the Core/DC$ Board. The Core and DCS Boards are also kept abreast of forthcoming requests for approval, both during scheduled board meetings, and individual scheduled meetings with members of management. In 2021, furt'1er to the Review, training was provided to new members of the Core Board and ELT, and the DCS SMT had a refresher training session. Wates Principle 4 Opportunity As set out In Wates, Principle 2, the Core Board was requested to consider and, if thought fit, approve one Principal Decision. This Principal Decision was the disposal of 12 data centre sites. Additionally, DCS Board was requested to consider, and if thought fit, approve five Principal Decisions: four of these decisions were related to European land banking opportunities, and one decision to major capex for a specific customer. The Principal Decisions. considered for approval by the Core and DCS Boards in 2021 were related to the DCS business, with the purpose of allowing the DCS organisation to focus on accelerating the execution of its hyperscale strategy and increasing capacity in key markets for its customers. Throughout 2021, the ELT and DCS SMT have also continued their regular reporting to the Core and DCS Boards about the impact of Covld-19 on the Company's business, Impact to the workforce and ways of working, and delays of 2020 and 2021 projects (and related spend). Risk Together with the AuditCo's oversight and the CAM, Colt has a range of internal commercial, financial and legal policies to manage risk, as well as a sales governance process within each of Core and DCS. As referenced in Wates, Principle 2, the annual audit plan for Internal Audit includes a mix of: (i) matters to be annually or biennially audited (such as anti~bribery measures); (ii) matters being audited over a certain number of years (such as a 'country audit' for every Colt location, spread over a number of years, in light of the number of Coit locations}; and (iii} audits of major projects. This mix ensures that both risks associated with strategic projects, as well as the 'ordinary trading risks' across Colt, are subject to regular audit and the findings scrutinised by the AuditCo.    Wates. PrineIpie 5 The.RemCo's remit includes the approval of the Annual Incentive Plan ('AIP'); Sales Incentive Plan ('SIP'); Long-term Incentive Plan ('L TIP'); the approval of the AIP and LTIPs to members of executive management; and the approval of employment contracts of members of executive management. Across Colt, all employees are eligible for an annual bonus under the terms of tr!e AIP; Sa_les colleag~e~ are e!igi~le for remunerat!on under the SIP; a.nd the ELT, DCS SMT and certain other members of management are eligible for remuneration under the LTIP, Which is payable three years after the year to which it relates. The RemCo annually considers and approves the AIP and SIP for the forthcoming financial year, with revisions to both plans being considered by the RemCo as and when deemed necessary. The LTIP is a long-term incentive for executive and senior management, and any LTIP pay-outs are linked to the financial performance of Colt, thereby incentivising members of management teams to contribute to the Company achieving lts purpose. The AIP is shorter-term incentive for all employees; the AIP remuneration is linked to both the financial performance of the Company for a given year, as well as the Individual's performance over the course of the year. Payment of the AIP, SIP and LTIP are all at the discretion of the Company, and the RemCo reviews all such proposals ahead of these being subm_iltedto the Board for consideration and approval..ln previous years, the RemCo ha_sstress-tested the AIP, and no material risks were flagged, and o_therincentive plans will be stress-tested from time to time in future years. Colt has Reward Principles in place,.setting out the manner in which remuneration is calculated for the employees, with reference to Colt-wide job bands. The Reward Principles are benchmarked, and available to employees through the intranet and Fuse, the internal training and knowledge sharing platform. Colt also publishes its annual gender pay gap report. Wates Principle 6 The key stakeholde·r g-roups identified by the Company are: (i) the Core and/or DCS areas of the business; (ii) Customers; (iii) Suppliers; (iv) Employees; and (v) Environment and Community. The Company has also identified a second tier of interests, which should be considered when reporting and making proposals to the Board: (i) Security; (ii) ff/Operations; and (iii) Tax/Legal/Finance/Regulatory compliance. Further information about the significance to the Company of the key stakeholder groups are set out in the section 172 statement. Colt's stakeholder engagement is partly qui,e formal and regular, and partly more informal and ad-hoc. In 2019, the Company launched a 'section 172 policy' and a 'key stakeholder engagement guidance' document.Each key stakeholder group has an owne·r within the ELT and the DCS SMT. These documents have not required any material updates during 2021, although the key stakeholder group ELT and DCS SMT owners have been updated to reflect changes to management. Additionally, Colt has created a 'key stakeholder engagement template document', to ensure this information is comprehensively brought to the attention of the Core and DCS Boards when proposing a principal decision. These documents have not required an update since they were Introduced. Throughout 2021, formai and informal key stakeholder engagement has continued across all key stakeholder groups. Training has been provided to the new joiners to the Core Board and ELT, and the DCS SMT received refresher training in early 2021.
