   Governance framework The Group applies the Wates corporate governance principles when considering corporate governance. The Strategic report on pages 3 to 35 details the Group's activities and considerations for each of its stakeholder groups. The paragraphs below detail how the six principles of this code have been applied. Purpose and leadership All Board decisions are made with the Group's success in mind, which is ultimately for the long-term benefit of our stakeholders. Our Group values are an important part of our business as they are what bring us all together, and they are at the heart of what we do and how we do it every day. We have invested in the development and involvement of our employees and couriers, as we believe it is the right thing to do, not only for them but for our business. )> ::, ::, C: Q. :>:J Cl) 'O §. 0 ::, Q. .,, 5· 0 ::, () £ U) Board composition The Board of Directors comprises the non-executive Chairman, Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer, Company Secretary, four Advent International appointees and two Otto Group appointees. The Group's governance structure is summarised below. Each committee comprises a variety of---representations who have the necessary balance of skills, background, experience and knowledge to ensure appropriate capacity and expertise to make a valuable contribution to the success of its objectives. The corporate governance structure of the Group includes the following: - Board of Directors - Executive Committee - Audit and RiskCommittee - Remuneration Committee The corporate governance committees are further supported in their responsibilities by governance committees in respect of trading, strategy and risk & compliance. Director responsibilities The Board has a programme of at least four meetings each year. The Board receives regular and timely information on all key aspects of the business, including health and safety, risks and opportunities, the financial performance of the business, strategy, operational matters, market conditions and sustainability, all supported by key performance indicators (KPls).The Board approves an updated strategic plan for at least the next three years on an annual basis. The Group is committed to the basic principle of sustainability and to fulfilling its corporate responsibility in this area. This fundamental understanding is reflected in our directives, initiatives and systems as well as in our projects. A key element in our success is recognising tomorrow's demands . today. Through continual change processes, we are able to respond at an early stage to the needs of and developments in the marketplace.    Opportunity and risk The Board seeks out opportunity whilst mitigating risk. The Board is the main decision-making body of the Group, with key activities including strategy approval and reviewing the results from the Audit and Risk Committee and the Remuneration Committee. The Group's overall approach to __ maoagiog_r.isk_isiocl.uded.in_tbe_er.incip.aLRisks_aod Uncertainties section of the Strategic Report on pages 32 to 35. The Group has a Audit and Risk Committee which meets four times a year.  Remuneration The Group is committed to equality of opportunity and dignity at work for all and ensures that recruitment and promotion decisions are made solely based on suitability for the job. Accordingly, all remuneration structures are aligned to the long-term sustainable success of the Group, considering all conditions throughout the Group.  The Remuneration Committee assists and advises the Board on matters relating to the remuneration of the Board and senior management. The committee actively monitors and reviews the remuneration packages of the senior team to motivate and retain executives and ensure that the Group is able to attract the best talents in the market in order to maximise shareholder value.  Stakeholder relationships and engagement Internal communication processes and procedures ensure all stakeholders are updated on corporate objectives, trading performance, economic conditions and other relevant matters.  A comprehensive internal communications programme has been developed to ensure that information is disseminated effectively across the Group. Regular channels of communication include management conferences, internal bulletins, notice boards, department briefing groups, on-line channels such as regular e-mails and Intranet, and video messages from the Board and senior management teams.  The Directors are committed to a full and open dialogue with all employees throughout the business, recognising the contribution this makes to improved personal performance, and achievement of the overall Group's business objectives. Employee engagement forms a key part of our business strategy and is measured through an annual employee engagement survey, giving employees the opportunity to put forward their views about working for the Group and suggest ideas for improvement. Survey results are followed up with discussion forums to capture ideas and generate action plans for developing employee engagement and satisfaction further.  Employment and diversity The Group is committed to ensuring equality throughout the organisation and eliminating barriers that prevent people from developing their full potential irrespective of race, colour, religion, belief, ethnic or national origins, gender, marital status, sexual orientation, gender reassignment, __ Uncertainties section of the Strategic Report on pages 32 to 35. The Group has a Audit and Risk Committee which meets four times a year. Remuneration The Group is committed to equality of opportunity and dignity at work for all and ensures that recruitment and promotion decisions are made solely based on suitability for the job. Accordingly, all remuneration structures are aligned to the long-term sustainable success of the Group, considering all conditions throughout the Group. The Remuneration Committee assists and advises the Board on matters relating to the remuneration of the Board and senior management. The committee actively monitors and reviews the remuneration packages of the senior team to motivate and retain executives and ensure that the Group is able to attract the best talents in the market in order to maximise shareholder value. Stakeholder relationships and engagement Internal communication processes and procedures ensure all stakeholders are updated on corporate objectives, trading performance, economic conditions and other relevant matters. A comprehensive internal communications programme has been developed to ensure that information is disseminated effectively across the Group. Regular channels of communication include management conferences, internal bulletins, notice boards, department briefing groups, on-line channels such as regular e-mails and Intranet, and video messages from the Board and senior management teams. The Directors are committed to a full and open dialogue with all employees throughout the business, recognising the contribution this makes to improved personal performance, and achievement of the overall Group's business objectives. Employee engagement forms a key part of our business strategy and is measured through an annual employee engagement survey, giving employees the opportunity to put forward their views about working for the Group and suggest ideas for improvement. Survey results are followed up with discussion forums to capture ideas and generate action plans for developing employee engagement and satisfaction further.
