   Corporate Governance The Company's governance arrangement has been reported against the Wates Principles detailed below: Our purpose and leadership Purpose guides the Company's culture and provides a framework for consistent decision-making. The Company's strategic purpose is to support the mobile wireless networks for Vodafone Limited ("Vodafone") and Telefonica UK Limited ("Virgin Media 02 or VMO2") (together the "Anchor tenants") as well as for other UK Mobile Network Operators ("MNO's"). By combining economics with empathy, the Company·s ultimate purpose is to make a difference to people's lives through supporting the availability of digital infrastructure across the UK The Company's vision and strategy is set by the directors and is applied by the Company to consider the UK market within which the Company operates. Delivery of the strategy set by the Board is the responsibility of the Chief Executive Officer ("CEO") and the Executive Management Team who develop operating business plans, financial budgets and operating strategies. The Board receives regular updates on delivery of the Company's strategy. A strategic focus of the Board during 2022 was to provide oversight, challenge and support to the Executive Management Team as they continued to lead the Company in navigating the business after the conclusion of the new MSA arrangements. This included the continued deployment of the Company's operational resilience plans; Company-wide remote working; and the adaption of business plans, strategies and budgets. The Board sought to ensure that the Company·s adapted measures supported the health and wellbeing of the Company's workforce and delivered positive outcomes for clients. The Board has a strong understanding of the Company's culture, as it guides strategy and helps drive long-term value for the Company as representative of the shareholders and wider stakeholders. The Company's culture unifies the Company and promotes ethical business conduct by all colleagues. All colleagues, including the Board, reaffirmed their commitment to the Company's Code of Conduct during 2021/22. Management monitors culture through employee surveys, absenteeism rates and exit interviews, and reports to the Board periodically. Employees are encouraged to report concerns relating to business integrity and conduct through established whistleblowing processes. Board composition The Cornerstone Board is appointed by the shareholders and as a joint venture consists of an equal representation of both shareholders. The Board consists of highly skilled individuals within the telecommunications space. The Board has delegated day-to-day management of Cornerstone's business activities to the Executive Management Team. The Executive Management Team meets regularly, and these meetings are chaired by the Chief Executive Officer. The Executive Management Team comprises the Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer, Chief Operating Officer, and Chief Commercial Officer. The Chief Executive Officer and each member of the Executive Management Team has a clear role and responsibility for their specified area of the business, including in relation to engaging with key stakeholders of their business area and keeping the rest of the Executive Management Team and the Board informed about the outcome of such engagement. The Executive Management Team have the necessary skillsand experience to make valuable contributions in promoting the success of the Company. The Executive Management Team undertake the necessary professional development to perform their roles, including briefings on specialist matters and keeping abreast with regulatory changes.    Board attendance Timetabled Board meetings Number of meetings held 4 Derek McManus (resigned 15 June 2021}1 Scott Petty (resigned 4 January 2022) Andrea Dona 0 0 4 Patricia Cobian 2 0 James Gill (alternate to Patricia Cobian) Sharon Jean York 4 1 Jesus Omar Calvo Gutierrez (alternate to Sharon Jean York) 4 David Nigel Evans Thomas Reisten 3 4 Jose Rivera 3 '· 11r.;tBoord meding lllhe ,..,--held afterresls,,atlon 2 -Apdogles given, atemate d19Ctor James Ga attendedin place Directors' responsibilities The Board is guided by its terms of reference and the joint venture shareholder agreement, which provide a framework for governance practices and clearly set out the Board's overall leadership responsibility and matters reserved for its consideration and approval, whilst delegating to the CEO and the Executive Management Team the day to day running of the operations of the Company. In accordance with regulatory requirements applicable to the Company, all Directors, members of the Executive Management Team and Senior Managers within the Company·s business and functional support departments have clearly documented statements of responsibility for the matters under their remit The Board has retained oversight in the areas of Risk, Audit and Remuneration. The Board operates four meetings in the year with ad hoc meetings and approval of matters arising as at when required. All information provided to the Board is prepared by subject matter experts with the relevant experience and skills necessary to ensure the integrity of information presented. Opportunity and Risk The Board promotes the long-term success of the Company by identifying opportunities to create and preserve value, while maintaining oversight of risk. The Board considers and assesses how the Company creates and preserves value over the long-term. This requires the Board to consider both tangible and intangible sources of value, and the stakeholders that contribute to it The CEO provides an update at each meeting detailing key business initiatives, future plans for value creation, and business leaders present to the Board on a periodic basis. The Board has responsibility for the Company's overall approach to risk management and a Company risk register is maintained and is accessible by the Board utilising the 'Resolver RMS' system. The Company's key risk areas have been outlined previously in the Strategic Report Remuneration The Board promotes executive remuneration structures that align to the long-term, sustainable success of the Company. The Company's remuneration structures are subject to the Remuneration Policy which ensure that compensation practices are consistent, promote effective risk management and align to the Company's business strategy, values and long-term objectives. No Board members receive remuneration from the Company for their services. The remuneration of the Executive Management Team and employees are determined by the Board (consisting shareholder directors) against set performance targets.    Stakeholder Relationships and Engagement Our stakeholders are classified as any group or interest that may be affected by our business in a significant manner such as our shareholders, customers, people, regulators, government, suppliers, society and the environment. The Board is clear that good corporate governance and effective communication are essential on a day-to-day basis to deliver the Company's purpose and to protect the Company's brand, reputation and relationships with all stakeholders. The Board ensures there are channels to receive appropriate feedback from discussions with all stakeholders. Shareholder As a joint venture owned equally by the shareholders, the Board is able to have a balanced view in making decisions and transactions undertaken by the Company. Distributions to the Company·s shareholders are considered after a full assessment of the Company's capital adequacy and ability to continue as a going concern into the foreseeable future. The Board also balances the ability to invest in future growth, with stable and sustainable returns for the shareholder. Further information on dividends is set out in the Notes to the Financial Statements on page 39. Suppliers All suppliers follow an onboarding process and are required to comply with the Company's policies and procedures and all relevant regulatory and legal requirements including modem slavery and anti-bribery legislation under the standard terms and conditions of the Company· s contracting. The Board is committed to ensuring that slavery and human trafficking is not taking place in any of the Company's supply chains in line with the published modem slavery statement https://www.comerstone.network/modern-slavery Clients The Company is committed to ensuring that all clients are treated fairly, that positive client outcomes are achieved, and that client interests are considered as part of decision-making at every level within the Company, including decisions to launch any new product or service. The principle clients of the business are also the majority shareholders through the respective ultimate Group holding ownership. Through the contractual governance structure of the MSA, the CEO and Executive Management Team meet with key clients and monitor client experience adjusting engagement methods as appropriate to maintain client satisfaction. Employees Employees are at the heart of the Company·s business. Throughout the year, the Executive Management Team prioritised the health, wellbeing and safety of employees and their families. The Company has continued to support hybrid working with employees continuing to be able to work flexibly from different locations including abroad under certain terms. The Directors recognise that the recovery from the Covid 19 pandemic has had a significant impact, not only on employees· work environment but also on their personal lives. With this in mind, the CEO and Executive Management Team maintained increased engagement through regular emails, digital tools and platforms designed to keep teams connected and launched several employee wellbeing initiatives in efforts to ensure colleagues were well supported during the pandemic. Regular engagement surveys are also earned out to obtain employee feedback which is taken into consideration in the formulation of the Company·s future business plans and strategy.    Communityand Environment The Company recognises that in a world facing increasing risk and uncertainty, supporting our communities is more important now than ever before. By aligning its social impact programmes with the business priorities and experience, Cornerstone is able to demonstrate its commitment to its communities in the UK while supporting the business. The Company recognises the opportunities, as well as its obligation, of being a good steward of the environment Cornerstone is developing its climate initiatives to represent a step toward building a more sustainable environment for colleagues, clients, shareholders and future generations. Cornerstone has established an ESG plan bringing together its community and environment initiatives which has business leader engagement who meet and monitor progress.
