   Corporate Governance The company has always focused on ensuring that the corporate governance of the company reflects the highest principles and therefore has been aware of the UK Corporate Governance Code applicable to listed companies. The Board therefore welcomes the introduction of the Wates Corporate Governance Principles for Large Private Companies. The Board apply the six principles set out in this document to its corporate governance. The Board has two Committees (an Audit Committee and a Remuneration Committee) both of whose terms of reference cover the points recommended by the Combined Code. The duties of the Audit Committee include monitoring the internal controls throughout the group, approving the group's accounting policies and reviewing the annual financial statements before submission to the Board. The Committee meets approximately three times a year. Mr N. K. Pearch was Chairman of the Committee until his resignation on 30 April 2022 and was succeeded by Mr S. M. Honap. Mr M. J. M. Groat was a member of the Committee until his resignation on 31 January 2022, Air Marshal C. M. Nickols resigned as a member following his appointment as Chairman of the Board on 31 January 2022 and Mrs F. E. Strens became a member of the Committee following her appointment as a director on 1 September 2021. Representatives from the Auditors attend part of the Committee meetings. The Board receives the minutes of all Audit Committee meetings. The Remuneration Committee was appointed to establish and implement a formal and transparent procedure for developing policy on executive remuneration and for recommending remuneration packages for the non executive Directors and individual executive Directors for Board consideration and approval. In January 2022, Air Marshal C. M. Nickols was replaced by Mrs F. E. Strens as Chairman of the Committee. Mr N. K. Pearch was a member of the Committee until his resignation on 30 April 2022 and Mr S. M. Honap became a member following his appointment as a director on 1 November 2021. The Committee meets at least twice a year to consider remuneration matters relating to all Board Members. The objective of the Committee is to ensure that the group board members are provided with appropriate incentives to encourage enhanced performance and are, in a fair and responsible manner, rewarded for their individual contributions to the success of the group. In determining such packages and arrangements, the Remuneration Committee has due regard to the Combined Code recommendations as well as the industry norm.
