   The Wates Corporate Governance Principles As required by the Companies (Miscellaneous Reporting) Regulations 2018, the Company is required to report on which corporate governance code had been applied in the financial year. In 2019 the Company adopted The Wates Corporate Governance Principles for Large Private Companies (the Principles). Details of how the Company applied the Principles during the year can be found in the Strategic Report on pages 5 to 8 and form part of this report by cross reference. I.Purpose and leadership Purpose The Company's purpose is to inspire the world to love great coffee, and its vision to become the world's most loved coffee brand. These are regularly communicated to its employees, and the Directors believe that the Company operates with a clear sense of purpose and collective vision. Values and culture To deliver Costa's vision it is important that we maintain and continue to build on our reputation as a company that conducts business in an ethical way - that we care for the community we serve and that we respect our people, customers, partners and the wider world. The Company's continued growth and success depends on our shared values of passion, warmth, courage, and trust. Costa's internal Code of Conduct captures our business practices and behaviours and helps our employees to understand what we value. Everyone at Costa has a part to play in upholding our values and be committed to delivering the highest of standards, by bringing passion and warmth to work, and by respecting our teams and customers. Costa advocates passionately for inclusion and diversity and believes that everyone should be able to bring their whole selves to work. From team members to board members, Costa celebrates individuality and encourages a community where everyone is welcomed and free to be themselves. Costa Group's Human Rights Policy applies to the Company and also expects franchise partners and suppliers to uphold the principles and urges them to adopt similar policies within their own business. Overseen by the Board, the policy is guided by international human rights principles encompassed by the Universal Declaration of Human Rights and covers: • Diversity and inclusion • Safe and healthy workplace • Work hours, wages and benefits • Freedom of association and collective bargaining • Workplace security • Land rights and water resources • Child labour • Forced labour and human trafficking • Healthy lifestyles Further details can be found in the 'Polices and reports' section of the Costa brand website www.costa.co.uk. In 2019, the Company adopted a new leadership signature - "Think customer, think big, think bold; Obsessive about growth; Execute with pace; Champion our values". This leadership signature is our way of capturing how we set out to lead at Costa. It not only defines the behaviours that we expect of each other and those we lead and inspire, but how we behave with our customers, consumers, and partners. The Company's anriual employee survey is used to monitor the Company's employees' perceptions of the extent to which the Company's values are exhibited by the Company's management and team members.    The Wates Corporate Governance Principles (continued) The Company recognises that we are part of the communities in which we operate. We engage with communities on human rights matters that are important to them such as land rights, access to water and health. We also engage with people in those communities, including indigenous people as well as other vulnerable and disadvantaged groups. Our aiip is to ensure through dialogue that we are listening to, learning from, and considering their views as we conduct our business. We believe that local issues are most appropriately addressed at the local level. Where appropriate, we engage with a wide range of civil society and stakeholders on human rights issues related to our business. This includes issues in our Company, across our value chain and with our various sponsorships, through which we seek to promote respect for human rights. The Company strives to make a positive impact in its communities. By supporting the Costa Foundation charity, the Company helps to fund the construction of brand-new schools that give whole communities a better future. During the year, the Costa Foundation built its hundredth school in Ethiopia. Further details can be found in the 'Behind the Beans' section of the Costa brand website www.costa.co.uk. Strategy The Company aims to produce and serve the best, hand-crafted coffee and fresh food to customers through well designed stores, products, and digital offerings. Costa has established and continues to establish an international multi-platform strategy with equity stores, Costa Express machines, franchises and wholesale operations in Europe, Asia Pacific, the Middle East, the Americas, and Africa. ' The Company's strategy and Long-Range Plan were discussed regularly by the Company's Executive Committee. The Long-Range Plan is focused on building the Costa brands' global brand preference and differentiating Costa from its competition as a total coffee company by virtue of the range of platforms available to distribute coffee. Costa Coffee is a responsible business committed to minimising our impact on the environment and promoting good environmental practice, and, as a founding signatory to the British Retail Consortium's Climate Roadmap, committed to tackling climate change. The Company's environmental policy statement s~ts out our approach to managing our environmental impact. We aim for continual improvement in mitigating our direct environmental impact, reducing use of natural resources, and preventing pollution. We will apply this policy to all of Costa's activity in the UK, at sites where the company has direct operational control. The Company's energy policy statement aims to achieve continual improvement in our energy efficiency whilst increasing the business's overall sustainability in line with the Global Environment Policy. The policy is applied to Costa's activities within the UK and Ireland business at sites where the company has direct operational control. Further details on the Company's environment and energy policy statements can be found in the 'Policies and reports' section of the Costa brand website www.costa.co.uk. During the reporting period the Company evaluated its entire global value chain, from coffee farms through to its unique takeaway waffle cups using 2019 as a base year. This was used to develop the following science-based reduction targets: to reduce absolute scope I and 2 GHG emissions 50% by 2030 from a 2019 base year and to reduce scope 3 GHG emissions 50% per coffee serving within the same timeframe. These targets were submitted to the Science Based Targets Initiative to assess and validate that our targets were aligned with their methodology. This approval was granted in September 2021. Further details are available on the Company's website.    2. Board composinon Size and structure During the year, the Board of Directors consisted of five members; the Chief Executive Officer (CEO), Chief Financial Officer, Chief People Officer, the Managing Director Europe, Middle East and North Africa, and the Managing Director UK and Ireland which reflected the balance and skills required to effectively manage the Costa business. Meetings held throughout the year are usually chaired by the CEO. As the Company is a wholly owned subsidiary of The Coca-Cola Company, the Board does not consider it necessary to separate the roles of the Chair and CEO. The CEO is the main liaison with The Coca-Cola Company and has regular communication with its representatives. Balance and diversity Costa is committed to a diverse leadership team comprised of directors from different backgrounds with relevant experience, perspectives, skills and knowledge. We believe that diversity, amongst directors and employees contributes towards a high performing and effective leadership team and business, and promotes the Company's ongoing success. The size and structure of the Board is consummate with companies of a similar scale and size and meet the Group's strategic needs and enable effective decision making. Costa is committed to providing equal opportunities throughout its Board appointments, including in the recruitment, training, and development of Board members. The Board is committed to providing equal opportunities and ensures all Board members are aware of their obligations in ensuring that the Company's environment retains a culture which is conducive to good working and high performance. Board effectiveness We undertake an annual Board evaluation to consider the effectiveness of our Board. The Board is competent and well run ensuring high quality decisions that address diverse customer and stakeholder needs. Where necessary to enhance knowledge in specific areas site visits are arranged to enable Board members to see operations first-hand to enhance understanding of all Costa Group platforms and growth in our international business. Further information on how the Board fulfils its duties in relation to stakeholders, including employees, customers, and communities, can be found in our Section 172(1) statement 3. Director responsibilities The Company is the parent company of a number of subsidiaries which operate various Costa branded businesses. The day-to-day management of the Group is delegated to an Executive Committee which comprises the Board members as well as: • Chieflnformation Officer • Chief Marketing Officer • Chief Supply Chain Officer • General Counsel • Global Retail and Franchise Director • Global Strategy Director • Managing Director International The Executive Committee has a broad range of skills, background, experience, and knowledge; its structure ensures that all main business units and functions in the Group are represented and involved in key decisions. The Committee holds a short weekly meeting to review recent trading and current priorities and meets one or two days each month to consider more strategic matters. The Board considers that the size and structure of the Committee is appropriate to meet the Group's strategic needs and enable effective decision making. Accountability and responsibility for decisions are closely defined in a detailed Delegation of Authority (DOA). The DOA sets out a robust internal control process via the requirement for a "request for approval" for important matters such as capital expenditure; acquisitions and sales of retail property and leases; asset impairments; treasury and financing matters; supply, purchase, and service agreements; marketing commitments; and revenue agreements. Each of the Group's main business units are subject to a detailed business review meet_ingeach quarter. The review is attended by an appropriate member of the Executive Committee and discusses budgets, performance, strategy, and any capital expenditure along with current issues and opportunities of the business.    The Wates Corporate Governance Principles (continued) The Executive Committee receives financial and non-financial information on a regular and timely basis. Financial information is produced from the Company's accounting ledgers and supporting systems, and its production is managed by the Finance team who are appropriately qualified to verify its integrity. The Company's Internal Controls team ensures that a risk and controls framework is established for both financial and operational controls and that meets ~OX requirements, and this framework is audited annually by The Coca-Cola Company's audit qepartment. The Remuneration Committee sets the Company's policy towards the remuneration of all of its employees. This is discussed further in the Remuneration section of the Wates Principles on page 8 of the Strategic Report. 4. Opportunity and risk The Executive Committee receives regular financial reports and data to assist in monitoring the performance of the business and make informed decisions. The Executive Committee regularly considers all opportunities to grow the business and create long term value. As a subsidiary of The Coca-Cola Company, the Company is required to put in place a system of internal controls to help the Company comply with the United States' Sarbanes-Oxley Act. The company has put in place a Risks and Controls Matrix framework, with control owners required to attest to the effective operation of their controls on a monthly, quarterly, or annual basis. The Board and Executive Committee regularly review the principal risks and uncertainties of the Company and how these are mitigated. These are discussed in more detail in the Strategic Report on pages 3 to 4. 5.Remunerati.on The Company regularly reviews the pay and remuneration of employees in comparable roles in its sector and more broadly in the case of functional roles. Remuneration for Directors and senior management is directly linked to performance both at an individual and Company level and is designed to incentivise the delivery or' the Company's strategy. Remuneration is also designed to attract and retain the calibre of individuals required to meet the Company's objectives. A Remuneration Committee comprising the Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer, Chief People Officer, and representatives of The Coca-Cola Company sets the Company's policy towards the remuneration of all of its employees, including the level of any annual pay increases and design of employee incentive schemes. The appointments and remuneration of all senior employees require the approval of the Committee's members. 6. Stakeholder relationships and engagement The Company and the Directors are committed to fostering strong relationships and engagement with Costa's stakeholders. These are discussed within the Section 172 Statement of the Strategic Report below.
