   Statement of_Corporate Governance Arrangement For the period ended 26 March 2022, under the Companies (Miscellaneous Reporting) Regulations 2019, the Company has applied the Wates Corporate Governance Principles for Large Private Companies (Wates    principles) (published by the Financial Reporting Council ('FRC') in December 2018 and are available on the FRCwebsite). As referred to on page 4 of the Strategic report Cranswick pie manages the operations of all subsidiary at a Group level with delegation of certain responsibilities to sub boards and regular interaction between subsidiary directors and senior managers with Group Executives. Principle 1 - Purpose and Leadership The Board is responsible for the long-term success and stewardship of the Company, overseeing its conduct and affairs to create sustainable value for the benefit of its Shareholders and other stakeholders, including customers, suppliers, employees and the communities in which the business operates. The Board delegates certain roles and responsibilities to its various committees and to Senior Management. The committees ensure that there is independent oversight of internal controls and risk management and assist the Board by fulfilling their obligations and reporting back to the Board on the outcomes from their respective activities. Principle 2 - Board Composition The Board consists of Senior Executive Management alongside a strong team of experienced Non-Executive Directors. All Non-Executive Directors are deemed to be independent. The Board is ultimately responsible for the business strategy and the financial robustness of the Group, for monitoring performance and for establishing a governance structure and practice that facilitates effective decision making and good governance. The Board delegates certain roles and responsibilities to its various committees and to Senior Management. Further details of the Group Board composition can be found on pages 84-85 of the Cranswick pie Annual Report and Accounts (a copy of which is available at www.cranswick.plc.uk). Principle 3 - Directors Responsibilities There were 10 scheduled Board meetings held during the year and a number of other meetings and conference calls were convened for specific business matters. Board agendas ar.e set by the Chairman in consultation with the Chief Executive and with the assistance of the Company Secretary. To enable the members of the Board to discharge these responsibilities, they have full and timely access to all relevant information. Prior to the COVID-19 outbreak, Board meetings were regularly held at the Group's sites allowing the Directors to review the operations and meet the management teams of those particular sites, which are now being reintroduced where circumstances allow. The Board delegates certain roles and responsibilities to its various committees and to Senior Management. The committees ensure that there is independent oversight of internal controls and risk management and assist the Board by fulfilling their obligations and reporting back to the Board on the outcomes from their respective activities. An Executive Committee, consisting of the Executive Directors and Senior Executives from the business, meets occasionally to discuss strategic, operational and commercial matters affecting the business. The feedback from this committee is shared with the Board. Operating boards (or sub-boards) consisting of Group Directors and other Senior Executives from each of the relevant businesses meet regularly to discuss operational and commercial matters affecting such businesses. Operating boards are also attended by the Executive Directors and relevant members of the Food Central operating board as appropriate. The feedback from the operating boards is shared with the Board. A full list of roles and responsibilities can be found on page 87 of the Cranswick pie Annual Report and Accounts.    Principle 4 - Opportunity and Risk It is the Board's role to protect the business from operational and financial risks and it has established a system of internal control which safeguards the Shareholders' investment and the Group's assets. Such a system provides reasonable but not absolute assurance against material misstatement or loss, as it is designed to manage rather than eliminate the risk of failure to achieve business objectives. The Board is responsible for reviewing the effectiveness of internal controls. The Audit Committee supports the Board in this process by reviewing the principal risks. The Group operates within a clearly defined organisational structure with established responsibilities, authorities and reporting lines to the Board. The organisational structure has been designed in order to develop, plan, execute, monitor and control the Group's objectives effectively and to ensure that internal control is embedded within the operations. Principle 5 - Remuneration The Remuneration Committee monitors the executive remuneration packages and incentive schemes, and believes the incentives provide a strong alignment between Shareholders, the Executive Directors and the wider Senior Executive Management team. The Remuneration Policy was agreed at the AGM in 2021. A summary of the policy is included in the Remuneration Committee Report of the Cranswick Pie Annual Report and Accounts on pages 119 to 123, which provides further details on Directors' remuneration, together with the activities of the Remuneration Committee during the year. Principle 6 - Stakeholder Relationship and Engagement Regular engagement with inventors provides the Cranswick Group with the opportunity to discuss certain areas of interest and to ascertain any areas of concern they may have. We engage with our shareholders in a variety of ways including, but not limited to: the publication of the Cranswick pie Annual Report and Accounts, Quarterly Results Announcement (including presentations by the Group Executive Directors to accompany interim and full year results - copies of which are published online), Press Releases for all substantive news relating to the Groups financial and operational performance, The Cranswick Group AGM, and the Cranswick Group website which is regularly updated, contains a wide range of information related to the Group and allows Shareholders to make enquires which are responded to promptly.
