   Corporate Governance Arrangements . The Company's corporate governance model strives to ensure the implementation of the Cummins "Missiol), Vision and Values", enhancing value for the Company's shareholders, employees, communities.and other stakeholders. In short these are:-Why We Exist: Our Mission Making people's lives better· by powering a more prosperous world. What We Want To Accomplish: Our Vision Innovating for our customers to power their success. How We Will Do It: Our Values INTEG~ITY - Doing what you say you will do and doing what is right. . DIVERSITY & INCLUSION - Valuing and including our differences in decision making is our competitive advantage. CARING - Demonstrating awareness and consideration for the wellbeing of others. • EXCELLENCE - Always delivering superior results. . . TEAMWORK - Collaborating across teams, functions. businesses and borders.to deliver the best work. For the 2021 financial year, the Company operated within its ultimate parent company's, Cummins Inc., "Cummins Code of • Business Conduct" and "Cummins Corporate Governance Principles" (the 'Cummins Code'). Copies of each are available on -the Cummins. investor relations website at https:/investor.cummins.com/board-esg/governance/governance-documents. Cummins Inc. requires each member of its group to be committed to the Cummins standards and values, by passing down its principles, and requiring that those be upheld.    he board are also familiar with and supportive of the Wates' Corporate Governance Principles for Large Private Companies (the 'Wates Principles'). The Wates Principles are similar in numerous respects to the Cummins Code and the directors are confident that the corporate governance adopted by the Company complied in all material respects, where relevant, with the Wates Principles. • Cummins finnly believes that a sustainable company is built _ona foundation of good governance, integrity and the highest ethical standards at all levels. This is considered critical to the Company's long-term sustainable success. The Cummins ethics and governance initiatives are built around the 10 Statements of Ethical Principles, which are detailed in.the "Cummins Ccide of Business Conduct". These principles are put into practice through a comprehensive compliance training program, targeting appropriate employee groups to promote good ethical behaviour and a healthy group wide culture. The board has the legal responsibility for overseeing the affairs of the Company, exercised through the election and appointment of competent officers. The board relies on the integrity, expertise and competency of these officers in carrying out its oversight function. The board is responsible for having the processes and internal control systems in place to identify, evaluate, manage and mitigate risks. In discharging its fiduciary duties to act in the best interests of the Company, the board have and continue to consider, among other pertinent factors and as appropriate, the effect of its actions on shareholders, employees, suppliers, customers, communities, and the interests of society. More detail on the stakeholder enga·gement undertaken by the board and its compliance with s172,can be found in the.strategic Report The Company implements a risk monitoring and review process whereby a dedicated Risk Manager reports to the board at least twice a year on any key risks identified and detailing how those risks are being monitored. Changes to the key risks that were reviewed and reported on for 2021 included the removal of Brexit. In addition, "environmental, social and governance" (ESG) and "supply-chain (business interruption)" were added as new ris_ksto be monitored closely by the board. In 2021 a number o( the board members fanned part of the ABO leadership team for Europe, which considers key risks throughout the year 2oi1. The board have adopted a _broadrange of policies that help to govern internal affairs of the Company. These are reviewed.and updated periodically. For example, during 2021 the board undertook an annual review of the Company's modern slavery policy. The board also decided to maintain the frequency of its board meetings during 2021 (following an increase during 2020) to provide for regular oversight of the safety and well-being of the Company's employees, particularly in the· context of the continued pandemic, as well as other activ_itiesof the Company. • In 2021 the board comprised of six directors, as set out on page 6. The board continues to assess its membership to ensure that ii has the right qualities, skills and experience to develop promote the Cummins Mission, Vision and Values, continue to build the Cummins culture and promoie long term susiainable success. For example, in· 2021 Gina Stead was elected to the board. Gina is one of the Company's most senior female leaders in the UK and brings a wealth of experience and a different perspective to the board. In order to comply with the Corporate Governance Principles relating· to board selection, the Com·pany operates a .board selection process which complies with guidelines issued by Cummins. These guidelines emphasise that an appropriate mix of skills and experience commensurate with the complexity of the business is to be considered . .As a wholly owned private'limited company it is not felt appropriate or necessary to appoint independent directors to the_board. This has been addressed at the parent company level. However, the board ensures that any conflicts of interest are identified and managed to ensure they perfonn their duties appropriately and in accordance· with their fiduciary and legal duties. The <;:ompanyadopts a specific conflicts of interest policy, which was implemented throughout 2021. All directors are expected to continue to develop and educate themselves. Training during the 2021 financial year included awareness and insights into recent changes in pension legislation tliat have an ·impact on the Company's pension scheme. The Company ensures that each member of the board has a clear understanding of their accountability and responsibilities and that each director commits the requisite time and ·attention necessary to fulfil their obligations. All new board members receive a tailored induction on joining the board which includes the provision of a comprehensive Board Pack {with details of the business operations, key stakeholders and director's legal duties and responsibilities). • The board also has a number of processes in place to build positive relationships with all stakeholders, with a particular focus on the workforce I employees, customers, suppliers and "the community. One of the Companies key ethical principles is to compete fairly and honestly, and this has no exceptions. The Company ensures the board remains accountable to this principle and, in particular, directors are regularly involved in key meetings with customers and suppliers. Further details regarding engagement with the Companies key stakeholders and employees during the 2021 financial year can be found in the Engagement with Employees and Engagement with Stakeholders sectio_ns.
