   Governance Cygnet's Governance Structure Cygnet is committed to providing high quality care through a robust governance framework that is transparent, accountable and inclusive. Clinical excellence and governance are the foundation of our business meaning we can provide high quality, safe, sustainable services and ensure learning opportunities to constantly improve and excel. Cygnet apply the broad principles of UK corporate governance best practice, drawing on the Wates principles as outlined below. Purpose, Leadership and Board Composition Our central service functions provide support to our operational and clinical colleagues and provide the organisation with external mechanisms to gain assurance and identify where further support is required. This includes fortnightly virtual meeting of the Senior Management team. Our regional, and through them local structures, report into Executive quarterly meetings that enable us to hear and respond to issues directly and work more collaboratively across our teams. They are: • Group Clinical Governance Meeting; • Operational and Commercial Meeting; • Quality, Risk and Safety Meeting; and • Finance Meeting. These four Executive quarterly meetings report to the Cygnet Executive Management Board (EMB) which is chaired by the CEO, which in turn report to the Board Committees. They are: • Clinical Governance Committee; • Quality, Safety and Improvement Committee. • Remuneration, Nomination and Leadership Committee; and • Audit and Risk Committee. Cygnet has an Advisory Board, with members having senior experience and expertise to support the Board's Committees. Advisory Board Members are independent and hold non-executive positions, this is chaired by Cygnet's Senior Independent non-statutory Director, Professor Lord Patel QBE, and attended by Mark Stephens CBE, Stephen Firn QBE and Dame Clare Gerada MBE. The Cygnet Advisory Board members are the Chairs on each of the Non-Executive Board sub Committees. Feedbackfrom each of those committees is fed up through to the Main Board by the Senior Independent non-statutory Director. The Main Board is chaired by Mr Alan B Miller, chairman of UHS. Mr Miller also chairs the Remuneration, Nomination and Leadership Committee.    This structure can be seen in the chart below. CHJ Olair-Mr Afan B Miller Tom Day Ul!S Dir1:ctcn SID - Professor lord Cygnet Patel CC.0/CEO/COO (QUARITRl Olar-Y) CorporateGovernanceStructure flair-Professor Lord Patel Mark Stephens CBE (QUARITRLY) ' ' ' Char-Professor Lord P:itel Karen E Johnson U:JJ/OOlf/Ca:J {QUARTI.RLY) <liair-M.ark Profenor St..,phen.s CBE Lord Patel ' Mr ALl.n B Miller Wrry Ge!:kle D.air- Mark Sterheru< CEE TomDa} CFO/COO/Cfi,D/00 (QUARTERLY) K.ren E Johns,;,n DOJCOO/DfJH/CGD/ BJlD/CCO/CM./PD (QUARTERLY) -1T ,-,. 0 \'>", ', ,, CEO/CFO/JD.D (ANNUALLY) OIAr-CEOTon, Rcmero !QUARTERLY) ! fl< >II,, '<TI 1~( c N1ekerk 1 -,1 , ' ' h1 •I I '1 l f, ,l:J< Cliair-GCD]onvan ,1,1q r< -, ! OYir-CGDV•cky McN.1lh (QU,...RTERLY) Clair-CFO Mark Ground (QUARTERLY) Cba--COOM1keMcQ-1ait \ QUAR7ERLY QUARTERLY, • • At the end of 2021, a Board Secretary was appointed to provide advice, support and development of the Executive Management Board. This newly created role reports into Cygnet's CEOand the UHS Main Board and will support communication between the Board and its stakeholders. All Cygnet companies are governed by a set of board protocols initially agreed between UHS and the Cygnet directors. DirectorsResponsibilities' The board makes use of committees, as detailed above, to help with the consideration of matters such as financial reporting, risk, remuneration and quality. Each committee is conducted through its own terms of reference which are reviewed regularly. The board retains responsibility for any final decisions. Opportunity and Risk Quality and safety are at the forefront of everything we do and we continually monitor and review our services through our internal Quality Assurance, Safeguarding, Compliance and specialist teams. Our processes and systems give us visibility to manage performance, hear feedback, learn lessons and regulate the quality of care provided. In 2021 we appointed a new Director of Risk to oversee risk and safety issues across the organisation through effective management systems, transparent reporting processes and collaboration with external agencies as required. Each service has its own local risk register and governance arrangements that feed up into regional and corporate framework to ensure transparency and provide a clear line of sight from Board to ward/service and vice versa.    Remuneration Cygnet's remunerations committee helps to ensure appropriate and fair levels of remuneration help to secure and retain high-quality directors, managers and clinical and non-clinical staff.    Stakeholder Relationship and Engagement We operate openly and transparently with our external regulators and stakeholders to improve, progress and innovate. We believe this drive for service excellence sets us apart as sector-leaders, attaining high standards that are reflected in our regulatory ratings, accreditations and outcomes for those who use our services. Our service user voice is integral to our governance processes. Our People's Councils and advocacy provision allow us to hear directly from those we look after so that we can act, and react, in a way that is responsive to their needs and views. We believe good governance is everyone's responsibility and strive to foster a culture of openness. At Cygnet, speaking up is viewed as a positive action, and one that is encouraged and supported. Enabling our staff to speak up and share information in a prompt way allows us to identify risks, agree next steps, share lessons learnt and assessour performance. Our Freedom to Speak Up Guardian operates independently, impartially and objectively. They: • Seek guidance and where appropriate escalate matters to bodies outside of the organisation • Have open, honest conversations with leaders in Cygnet to promote change • Support !itaff who speak up and agree next steps with them collaboratively • Support the right to confidentiality wherever possible whilst also taking concerns forward • Work closely with Freedom to Speak Up Ambassadors at sites, supporting them to influence change Cygnet promotes strong relationships with its network of suppliers which are actively consistently managed by our procurement team. This ensures group-wide policies and consistent quality is provided and the robust supplier on boarding process helps manage any third party risk.
