   STATEMENT OF CORPORATE GOVERNANCE ARRANGEMENTS For the year ended 31 May 2022, the Company has adopted the Wates Corporate Governance Principles for Large Private Companies. The Directors set out below how the Principles were applied during the year. Principle 1 - Purpose and leadership The principal activity of the Company is the provision of consulting services. The Company seeks to deliver strong returns through significant cash flow generation and a strong balance sheet, disciplined capital allocation and value-secretive growth and yield. The Company's approach to the payment of dividends is explained in the Strategic Report. The Company's culture is centered on its shared values: • Lead the way; • Serve with integrity; • Take care of each other; • Foster inclusion; and • Collaborate for measurable impact Principle 2 - Board composition Details of the membership of the Board can be found in the Directors' Report. The Directors have a diverse range of skills, expertise and experience. Since the Company is a subsidiary trading company within Deloitte NSE, the Directors believe that the Board is of an appropriate size given that all of the Directors are members of Deloitte NSE, the ultimate controlling party, at 31 May 2022. Principle 3 - Director responsibilities During the year the Directors continued to exercise all their duties as set out under Companies Act 2006 as they reviewed and considered proposals from senior management. As explained in the Strategic Report, the Directors fulfil their duties through a governance framework that delegates authority for day-to-day management and decision-making to senior management. The culture, values and standards that underpin this delegation ensure that management is acting in accordance with the strategy and plans set by Deloitte NSE. Principle 4 - Opportunity and risk The Company's approach to strategic opportunities is set out by the Deloitte NSE Executive Group. The Company seeks to capitalise on opportunities (for example, through acquisitions) while mitigating risks where possible. The Company's principal risks are summaris~d on page 7. Principle 5 - Remuneration The Directors are remunerated as members of Deloitte LLP. The Directors do not receive any remuneration, from any source, for their qualifying services as Director of the Company. Principle 6 - Stakeholders The Company has set out its key stakeholders and provided examples of how it engages with them within the Section 172 Statement on pages 3 to 4.
