   STATEMENT OF CORPORATE GOVERNANCE ARRANGEMENTS Our business relationships and activities are based upon responsible business practice that complies with applicable laws, ethical standards and this also forms pan of the Group's strategy. The Board considers good corporate governance to be integral to the Group strategy which also ensures effective delivery of the responsibilities identified in s172 Companies Act 2006 to promote the success of the company for the benefit of the members as a whole. The Board has undertaken a review of corporate governance arrangements, taking into account that it operates as a subsidiary of the wider Deutsche Post OHLGroup, and is managed as part ofDHL Supply Chain UK business comprising a number oflegal entities. The review considers the six Wates principles as set out below. 1. Pmpose and Leadership An effective board develops and promotes the purpose of a company, and ensures that its values, strategy and culture align with that purpose. The directors focus on promoting the purpose of the company as set out in the Review of Business section of the Strategic Report. As part of the Deutsche Post AG Group of companies, DHL Services Limited aligns to the Group strategy, which is refreshed every 5 years. In late 2019, the new 2025 Strategy was launched, replacing the 2020 Strategy. The DHL Supply Chain businesses in the UK, along with th·e other Group Divisions, then take the global strategy, and align their strategic aims to it. There is a structured internal engagement plan which includes regular Town Hall Meetings and Board briefs. These sessions provide the opportunity to promote the strategy, the performance against it and include feedback from colleagues. Across Deutsche Post DHL there is a training programme about the business we work in. In DHL Services Limited this is the Certified Supply Chain Specialist ('CSCS').The course covers awareness of our company and Group, as well as an understanding of the purpose, values and strategy of the business, and is available to all colleagues. It helps colleagues un(Jerstand their fit and importance within the organisation. During 2021, 1,453 colleagues attended the course. For managers, there is also a mandatory course to build on CSCS, known as Certified Supply Chain Manager ('CSCM'), which is a 3 day course focussing on the culture of the organisation, and the management's role within it. In 2021, 407 managers attended the course. The Certified programme has a series of other courses available to build on the foundations that CSCS and CSCM provide. The Board sponsor these programmes, and personally facilitate some of the courses, along with other senior managers. There is a Group wide employee opinion survey completed every year, followed by action planning. In DHL Services Limited participation is positively encouraged by the Board, and in 2021 participation was 68%. Understanding of the strategy is pan of the survey, which enables the Board to get feedback.    2. BoardComposition Effective board composition requires an effective chair and a balance of skills, backgrounds, experience and knowledge, with individual directors having sufficient capacity to make a valuable contribution. The size of a board should be guided by the scale and complexity of the company. The DHL Services Limited Board is made up of a diverse group of individuals from different backgrounds, countries and experiences. The Board reflects the size and complexity of the business, along with clear functional ownership. Board meetings are held to approve the appointment of directors, the issue of financial statements and the implementation of any intercompany funding required by the company. The Board uses 'mini boards' to aide effective decision making, where sub groups of the main DHL Supply Chain UK Board work on particular topics. 3. Director Responsibilities The Board and individual directors should have a clear understanding of their accountability and responsibilities. The Board's policies and procedures should support effective decision-making and independent challenge. All Board members have well defined roles and accountabilities in line with the wider Deutsche Post DI-ll. Group. Functional Board members report into the global lead for their function, in line with the Group blueprint. This includes a delegated authority matrix specifying the maximum amount of expenditure that a director can approve. The Group has significant internal expertise in a wide range of fields which the directors can draw on for advice. Where necessary this can be supplemented by the engagement of external advisors to ensure directors have the necessary information to perform their duties and be in a position to independently challenge information used for decision making. The Group has issued clear guidance and training on conflicts of interest for all staff including directors. 4. Opportunity and Risk A board should promote the long-term SUStainablesuccess of the company by identifying opportunities to create and preserve value, and establishing oversight for the identification and mitigation of risks. The Board ofDHL Services Limited actively lead the business in a long term sustainable way, focussing on delivering the strategic aims in a well-controlled way. There is a standard, global 'Opportunity to Deliver' process which is followed in DHL Supply Chain UK businesses, for all new business opportunities. This rigorous, structured process ensures the right controls are in place, and appropriate stakeholders are involved throughout the process to mitigate risk. Further detail on the principal risks faced by the business are discussed in the Principal Risks and Uncertainties section of the Strategic Report.    4. Opportunity and Risk - continued The main UK Board, which oversees all Dlil. Supply Chain UK businesses, has implemented a specialist commercial team to lead large, complex new business deals, to further mitigate risk. There is also a standard, Group wide Business Case Approval process which is rigorously adhered to and ensures new investments are approved by all relevant stakeholders at all levels. DHL Services Limited is supported by the Group wide Global Risk team. 5. Remuneration A board should promote executive remuneration structures aligned to the long-term sustainable success of a company, taking into account pay and conditions elsewhere in the company. As part of the Deutsche Post DHL Group, the remuneration structures are provided to Dlil. Services Limited. The structures support the long term sustainable success of the Group and include non-financial and financial measures. Remuneration includes bonuses and participation in executive share schemes which are linked to the annual performance of the UK and global Supply Chain business and achievement oflonger term strategy goals. These structur~s are adhered to by the DHL Services Limited Board. 6. Stakeholder Relationships and Engagement Directors should foster effective stakeholder relationships aligned to the company's purpose. The Board is responsible for overseeing meaningful engagement with stakeholders, including the workforce, and having regard to their views when taking decisions. As part of the wider Deutsche Post DHL Group of companies, there is a shared strategy around employee engagement. To be the 'Employer of Choice' is one of the Group's 3 strategic aims. Key aspects to the strategy include an annual Group wide employee opinion survey with structured follow up, which is completed across the Group for all colleagues. Participation levels as well as the results of the scores are reviewed and action plans at team level are agreed and completed before the next survey. Regular strategic briefings and Town Hall Meetings at all levels from Group CEO to shift leaders are carried out and available to all employees to share the progress against strategic aims and provide further opportunity for employee feedback. As part of the Deutsche Post DID. Group, the UK DHL Supply Chain businesses, including DHL Services Limited, benefit from centralised support services, including Procurement. This Group wide organisation provides the framework for our supplier relationships, and leads all stages of the procurement cycle.    6. Stakeholder Relationships and Engagement - continued Across •the Deutsche Post DHL Group, customer feedback is measured using 'CXM' a regular customer survey and feedback process. The DHL Supply Chain UK businesses use this process to support constructive customer relationships effectively over the long term, seek feedback, and support organic growth with existing customeni. As part of the Deutsche Post DHL Group, the UK DHL Supply Chain businesses, including DHL Services Limited, the business engages with the local communities through donations to local charities and via funding of the OHL Foundation, a registered charity that helps disadvantaged children and young people aged 5 years to 25 years from across the UK. Their activities are focussed on helping these young people to get the most out of their education and supporting them into employment. The other charitable donations are usually linked to nominated charities of our customers or related to local charities near to the operating sites of the company.
