   Reporting in accordance with the Wates Corporate Governance principles for large Private Companies (the "Wates Principles") The Company has applied the Wates Principles guidance in its entirety in the financial year ended 31 December 2021 and the report is set out below. Purpose and Leadership The Directors ensure that the Company operates with a clear sense purpose and collective vision by the continued publication of the Company's values to all stakeholders and through statements and communications issued by the Chief Executive Officer (CEO) and his Executive Management Team. The Directors have continued to hold dialogue with the workforce and wider stakeholders, through trade union information and consultation, management forums and the participation of the workforce in voluntary bespoke confidential surveys. The Directors, through the CEO, have provided updates and corporate messages to the workforce via the Company's intranet, through town hall sessions and through regular cascade messages to the workforce through the management team. The Company's purpose and values have been explained and integrated into the different functions and operations of the business in a robust manner. The objective setting process forms the backbone of setting and adherence to the Company's core values, and these have continued to be reinforced via the intranet as well as through publicity material visible throughout the Company's sites. The Company has continued to monitor culture by, conducting employee surveys, engagement with trade unions, reviewing absenteeism rates, conducting exit interviews, and undertaking Board feedback sessions. The Directors have led on the establishment of transparent whistleblowing policies in relation to raising concerns about misconduct and unethical practices and put in place effective review processes. Board Composition The Directors, collectively, have continued to demonstrate an excellent understanding of the Company's business needs and stakeholder interests. The Company's Board of Directors is constituted of individuals with a wide range of industry and subject expertise. The chairman promotes open debate and facilitates constructive discussion. This enables the Board of Directors to be an open forum for discussion where varied views are tabled, and challenge is issued to the executive team on various matters. The Chairman ensures that all Directors have appropriate information, and that sufficient time is made available for meaningful discussion. Detailed inputs are provided five working days before the Board meets and meetings take place quarterly with sufficient time being allowed for discussion of issues to be covered. The Company has a commitment to the ongoing professional development of its directors who embrace such opportunities and ensure that they have sufficient time to discharge their duties. The Company's policy on diversity and inclusion is underpinned throughout all the Company's corporate policies in both spirit and practice, inclusive of a bespoke diversity and inclusion council which drives this agenda forward.    Directors' Responsibilities The Directors have established and maintained corporate governance practices that provide clear lines of responsibility for individual Directors, including the non-executive Directors, to support effective decision-making. The Company has a full suite of policies that it reviews regularly against a number of criteria, including regulation, best practice and alignment to client policies, which govern its internal affairs. Policies have formally assigned owners who are responsible to the Board of Directors. The Directors have established formal and robust internal processes to ensure systems and controls are operating effectively, and that the quality and integrity of information provided to it is reliable. The Directors have agreed and set out how conflicts of interest should be identified and managed within the Company, through a conflicts of interest policy which is tested across the whole workforce every year. Opportunity and Risk The Directors have continued to consider and assess how the Company creates and preserves value over the long-term. The Company has processes for the identification of future opportunities for innovation and entrepreneurship, by operating in a variety of ways to ensure it remains innovative, including via market learning, in forums with its clients and by way of benefitting from the very extensive knowledge-based innovation of its parent company, Tata Consultancy Services Limited. The Directors have oversight of risk, how it is managed, and appropriate accountability to stakeholders. There are clear areas of responsibility for individual Directors, including for the non-executive Directors, and all have identified areas of oversight over the key stakeholders and managers of the business. The Directors have established formal and robust internal processes to ensure systems and controls are operating effectively, and that the quality and integrity of information provided to them is reliable. Remuneration Remuneration for Directors and senior managers is aligned with performance, behaviours, and the achievement of Company purpose, values, and strategy. The Company utilises specialist external agencies to provide pay comparability methodologies to assist with determining remuneration throughout the Company. In setting Director and senior manager remuneration, consideration has been given to remuneration throughout the organisation to reinforce a sense of shared purpose. The Directors have established clear policies on remuneration structures and practices which enable effective accountability to shareholders, taking account of the broader operating context, including the pay and conditions of the wider workforce and the Company's response to such matters as gender pay gap and the living wage. Stakeholder Relationships and Engagement The Company considers how its activities may impact both current and future stakeholders, including how these could impact on the environment in everything it does. This is carried out by consideration being given to the proposed activities at management and Board meetings before any initiative is implemented. Once implemented, the Company reviews and amends, as required, the Company's policies and seeks periodic inputs via workforce surveys; formal governance and feedback surveys with clients; end customer satisfaction results and analysis; regular meetings and audits with regulators. The Company presents to stakeholders a fair, balanced, and understandable assessment of the Company's position and prospects and makes this available through intranet communications and messages from executive management and, results of workforce surveys. The Directors ensure that there is a range of formal and informal channels in place to receive appropriate feedback from discussions with stakeholders. Workforce policies and practices are aligned with the Company's purpose and values.
