   Corporate Governance Arrangements In accordance with the Companies (Miscellaneous Reporting) Regulations 2018, the Group is required to include a statement of its corporate governance arrangements in this annual report for the financial year ending on 27 February 2022 ("FY22"). The Group adopted the Wates Corporate Governance Principles for Large Private Companies in the previous year. We set out below how the Principles were applied during FY22.    Principle 1: Purpose and leadership Our purpose is to deliver sustainable growth for all of our stakeholders by leading the future of garden centre retailing. We achieve this by: • Operating the business in line with a strategic business plan which is reviewed annually; • Building upon our "customer first" approach and ensuring a material and sustained improvement in net promoter scores across the estate; • Operating best-in-class garden centres and restaurants; • Developing a robust and efficient platform to support our growth via the implementation of a new ERP; • Sourcing quality products using only suppliers who comply with our responsible sourcing policies; • Maintaining strong relationships with our suppliers, service providers and other stakeholders; and • Ensuring that our company values are reflected in everything that we do through our Ways of Working (WoW) framework. Principle 2: Board composition Details of our Board members can be found on page 9. Our Chairman was re-appointed for a further year in July 2021 and continues to lead the Board, taking account of the views of all Directors. Although there are no independent Directors on the Board, our Directors are experienced business leaders and have considered the interests of all stakeholders in their decision-making processes during an unprecedented year. Having led and held senior executive positions in other leading businesses, the Directors bring extensive experience in retail, hospitality, leisure and financial services to the Group. Below the Board, the Chief Executive Officer has responsibility for all operational matters, supported by the Chief Financial Officer, Chief Corporate Officer, Chief Operating Officer and wider Executive Committee ("ExCo"). After the year end, Anthony Grace was appointed Chief Financial Officer on 25 May 2022. The ExCo members have clearly defined responsibilities and bring operational expertise and experience to the Group. Furthermore, the ExCo presents regular briefings to the Board in relation to business issues and developments. During the COVID-19 pandemic, the ExCo operated remotely when required, holding regular meetings and ensuring engagement with team members across the business. This approach has enabled the Board to make informed decisions on key matters, including strategy and risk management. Principle 3: Board responsibilities Decisions are made in accordance with the principles of the Group's shareholders' agreement and the constitutional documents for each member of the Group. In reaching their decisions, the Directors also have regard to the Group's obligations to its financial and other stakeholders. In accordance with the Company's articles of association and applicable law, the Directors do not take part in any discussion or decision in which they have a conflict of interest. The Company Secretary guides the Directors in relation to such matters. The Directors receive detailed reports relating to the operations and performance of the Group via weekly updates and monthly Board meetings. Board meetings were held at least monthly during the year with weekly updates in the interim, ensuring the risks and impact of the COVID-19 pandemic were managed appropriately. The Remuneration and Audit Committees also support the Board in its decision-making processes.    Principle 4: Opportunity and risk The Group maintains a comprehensive financial review process, including annual budgets, business plans and regular forecasting. Key performance indicators are monitored by the ExCo and managed through regular operational meetings and action plans. All Directors receive regular and timely information to enable them to perform their duties, including information on the Group's operational and financial performance, customer service, health and safety performance and forward trends. Board meetings are held monthly in order to review these. During the year, Board meetings were held more frequently in order to manage the continuing risks throughout the COVID-19 pandemic. Furthermore, the Board reviews medium and long-term strategy on a regular basis and engages directly with shareholders for their views. A Long-Range Plan was approved by the Board in January 2022. In this way, the Board assesses the prospects of the Group using all the information at its disposal. The Board also has responsibility for determining the nature and extent of the principal risks the Group is willing to take to achieve its strategic objectives, and for the Group's internal control framework. The Audit Committee oversees the Group's risk management and internal control systems and the effectiveness of all material controls. The principal risks, and mitigating factors, of the Group are disclosed in the Strategic report on page 3 and are reviewed by the Board at least bi-annually. Principle 5: Remuneration The Remuneration Committee ensures that levels of compensation across the Group are sufficiently competitive to retain talent within the Group, as well as benchmarking the remuneration packages of the executive Directors and ExCo. Additionally, the Remuneration Committee reviews the Group's performance with regard to diversity and inclusion criteria, including annual review of the Group's Gender Pay Gap report. Principle 6: Stakeholder relationships and engagement The Board continues to place great emphasis on communication and engagement with the Group's shareholders and team members. The Chairman and Chief Executive Officer engage regularly with major shareholders to discuss the Group's performance, strategic issues and shareholder investment objectives, and provide regular and comprehensive feedback to the Board. In addition, the Board participates in regular site visits, engaging with team members directly. The Group has launched internal apprenticeship and development programmes, supporting continued growth and development together with investment in a new e-learning platform and engagement tools. By order of the Board
