   Corporate Governance - appliance of the Wates Principles For the period ended 2 January 2022, under the Companies (Miscellaneous Reporting) Regulations 2018 and to comply with section 172 of the Companies Act 2006, the Company continues to apply the 6 Wates Corporate Governance Principles for large private companies as detailed below. 1. Purpose and leadership The Company's purpose and strategy are clearly communicated The Company's purpose is to be the leading parcel carrier in the UK. Its strategy focuses on: 1. deliver the best service, 2. use the best technology 3. retain and develop the best people 4. to be the most sustainable parcel delivery company in the UK. The Company's values focus on being communities it works closely with a responsible partner to the people, businesses and The company believes in being a responsible partner to the people, businesses and communities it works closely with. It does this with: 1. Carbon neutral commitment - Being dedicated to making every parcel we delivered carbon neutral, for all our customers; • 2. Innovative entrepreneurship - Sharing expertise and entrepreneurial spirit to help local enterprises thrive; 3. Smart urban delivery - Improving everyday urban life by giving people greater delivery choices, whilst reducing impact on the environment; and 4. Closer communities - Bringing people together to support and build the communities. 2. Board composition The Board comprises a Chairman, a Chief Executive Officer (CEO), Executive directors, General Counsel and a Company Secretary. The role of the Chairman and CEO is combined. Day to day management of the business is carried out via the Senior Leadership Team ("SLT"), which reports to the Board The SLT comprises the CEO, Board-level Executive directors and the company's Associate Directors. The Company feels the SLT size and composition is appropriate for the business. The Company ensures there is a balance of responsibilities, accountabilities and decision-making across the SLT. This is effectively maintained through: the Chairman and CEO playing a pivotal role in creating the conditions for overall Board and individual director effectiveness; encouraging open debate Local decisions are discussed and made at the SLT and at Operational Board level. the balance of power is maintained with key strategic decisions made by Group (ensuring independence and critical challenge). The SLT mix is balanced and diverse The Company is proud of the diversity on the SLT, with a mix of gender, a mix of working backgrounds and a mix of skills. The Company is committed to promoting an inclusive environment. The SLT members are monitored against targets to assess their effectiveness Board and SLT members update their skills and knowledge by meeting with operational management, visiting UK wide sites and by attending appropriate external seminars and training courses. All SLT Members are set targets and monitored against these regularly.    3. Director responsibilities Directors adhere to Group corporate governance The Company acknowledges the importance of good corporate governance throughout its operations and has measures in place to meet the governance rules of the wider Group. There are clear defined roles, appropriate authorisation limits and strong controls in place The Company has a defined organisational structure with clear roles and responsibilities. The structures in place ensure appropriate limits are used for internal authorisation. Decisions are made in-line with approved annual budgets. There are sufficient internal authorisation controls. This includes separate controls covering purchasing and sales contracts. The Company segregates duties and identifies incompatible tasks to maintain a strong control environment. All Board and Senior Leadership Team members are required to declare conflicts of interest and adhere to the Bribery & Anti-corruption policy Each Board and SLT member has a clear understanding of their accountability and responsibilities. All members must declare any potential conflicts of interest and any related party transactions. These declarations are collated by the Head of Internal Audit and communicated to the Group Risk Committee. Where there are potential conflicts, appropriate safeguards are implemented. The Company takes a zero-tolerance approach to any form of bribery and corruption, and is committed to acting professionally, fairly and with the utmost integrity in all business dealings and relationships. The Company policy on bribery and anti-corruption applies to all individuals working at all levels within the Company. The Operational Board The SLT delegates authority for day to day operational management of the Company to the Operational Board which meets monthly and is chaired by the Chief Executive Officer. The Operational Board comprises executive directors and other senior team members from the business. 4. Opportunity and risk Opportunities and risks are evaluated Board, SLT, and Operational Board meetings provide a forum for opportunities and risks to be discussed. The SLT also holds an annual strategic review for longer term opportunities and risks. A bi-annual exercise is undertaken by Internal Audit to collate Company wide risk registers Risks are identified via Company wide risk registers, which are submitted to the Internal Audit function bi-annually. A clear policy is issued to the owners of the risk registers to enable them to identify and document the risk likelihood, impact and mitigation. The Risk Committee monitors the effectiveness of risk identification, classification and mitigation The Company has a Risk Committee comprising executive directors, Internal Audit, and senior Finance Managers. The Risk Committee ensures that risks are identified and controlled. It monitors the effectiveness of the Company's approach to risk identification, classification and mitigation. The Company's key operational risks and mitigation's are outlined in the Strategic Reports. In addition to the Risk Committee, the Company submits to Group on an annual basis the Corporate Risk register.    The Company maintain full compliance with all applicable legislation either through certifications or alignment to best practice The Company has developed an Operating Framework which includes the Group's operating rules, processes, best practices and delegated authorities. It is also certified for ISO 9001 and ISO 14001. In addition the Company maintains full compliance with all applicable legislation and contractual requirements and the Company fully complies with relevant EU and UK legislation. Robust internal processes exist to ensure systems and controls operate effectively, and that the quality and integrity of information provided is reliable The SLT receives regular and timely information on financial and non-financial performance, supported by Key Performance Indicators ("KPls"). Analysts provide the SLT with specific information requests, and have the necessary processes to ensure the integrity of the information. Key financial information is collated from the Company's accounting systems. The Company's Finance function is appropriately qualified to ensure the integrity of this information and is provided with the necessary training to keep up to date with regulatory changes. Financial information is externally audited and financial controls are reviewed by the Company's internal audit function. Appropriate approvals are in place for transactions The Board and SLT approve contracts above a defined value or for any transaction that requires an unbudgeted allocation of capital. This ensures that .the appropriate level of due diligence has been performed before approval. The Company also acts within the Group framework for capital purchase authorisation, seeking approval for proposals that require sign-off from the Group Investment Committee. 5. Remuneration CEO pay is authorised by Group; Director and SLT pay is authorised by the CEO CEO remuneration is authorised by the Group. Executive Director and SLT remuneration are authorised by the CEO. Directors and senior management are incentivised on company performance. The Gender Pay Gap and equal pay The Company publishes annually its Gender Pay Gap Report - the report can be viewed on the website: (https://www.dpd.co.uk/content/about_dpd/press_ centre/news.jsp ). The Company recruits, develops and offers career progression to individuals objectively and solely on the basis of their merit and ability. 6. Stakeholders The Company engages in open and honest dialogue with external stakeholders The Company has an open dialogue with its customers through a number of communication lines, including regular email, alerts and direct contact via Sales team members. The Company works in partnership with local and national suppliers for mutual benefit. All suppliers are treated in-line with Company values. The Company publishes payment practices, policies and statistics on the company website.    Regular communication is held with key suppliers including Owner Driver Franchisees, to ensure they are kept updated with the Company's activity. The Company communicates openly with the pension Trustees, the Chair of which is independent of the Company. The Trustees comprise individuals nominated by both the pension scheme members and the Company. These relationships are key to ensuring that the decisions made by both the Company and the scheme reflect the interest of all stakeholders. The Company's website, intranet and social media channels provide extensive and up to date news on recent developments.
