   Statement of corporate governance arrangements Wates Principles In accordance with the Companies (Miscellaneous Reporting) Regulations 2018, the company has applied the Wates Corporate Governance principles for Large Private Companies (the 'Wates Principles')- published by the Financial Reporting Council - as an appropriate framework for disclosing our corporate governance arrangements. Principle one - Purpose and Leadership The Company's mission, aligned with that of the Group - "Through our services we want to contribute, as a key player and on a global basis, to the evolution of the labour market and to emphasize the personal and social value of work." The mission was the starting point for defining the 6 core values of the Group. The work of each individual and each Company in Gi Group is based on a set of values consistent with our approach to the labour market and the society in which we operate. These are Work, Responsibility, Care, Economic Efficiency, Continuous Leaming & Innovation and Team Spirit. The mission and the core values are at the heart of what we do and the Board works to ensure that these are embedded throughout the Company. All employees receive induction training to raise awareness, and they are visible on many presentations and webcasts that the Group CEO provides. Feedback from employees is obtained in a number of ways including engagement surveys and exit interviews to monitor the culture of the business. Principle Two - Board Composition The Board of the company is the Executive Management Team ("EMT") who are responsible for the running of all of the UK companies within Gi Group, of which the company is one. The EMT consists of the CEO (Chair), the CFO, the Managing Directors of the operational brands within the UK Group    Principle Two - Board Composition {continued) and Heads of Support Functions. The members of the EMT have a wealth of experience in the industry with relevant technical knowledge with which to ensure the continued success of the Company while considering the views and interests of the stakeholders of the business. The size and composition of the EMT is appropriate and proportionate to the size of the business. The EMT meet formally on a monthly basis. Principle Three - Director Responsibilities Directors of the Company and members of the EMT are all aware of the policies and procedures by which the business is run. All policies are reviewed by the EMT prior to publication and on a periodic basis. The EMT will consider relevant policies when making decisions about the business. EMT meetings are an open forum where individual opinions are sought, considered and challenged to ensure that the decisions made are fair and in the best interests of stakeholders. Principle Four - Opportunity and Risk The EMT is at the forefront of the Company's efforts to continue to evolve it's offering to clients, operate in new areas, and seek out new business opportunities. They are responsible for the long term growth and sustainability of the business and part of their reward is based thereon. Any new opportunities are discussed with the EMT The risks of the business, both financial and non-financial are monitored by the EMT. There are two primary formal risk frameworks in place with regular reporting cycles. A risk register is maintained and updated on a quarterly basis which is reviewed by EMT and reported to Group each quarter. There is also a review of key controls across the business on an annual basis. Overall risk management is also overseen by the Group risk management procedures. Principle Five - Remuneration The remuneration of the EMT is overseen by the CEO and CFO of the Company, with the remunerations of senior positions, including CEO and CFO being reviewed by the Group in Italy. External marl<et factors are balanced with overall profitability of the business when considering remuneration to ensure the long term sustainability of the business. Principle Six - Stakeholder Relationships and Engagement The EMT recognise the importance of stakeholder management and of building effective relationships with our key stakeholders. For further details regarding the way in which the Company interacts with Stakeholders, please refer to the Section 172 (1) Statement within the Strategic report on page .
