   Statement of corporate governance arrangements The Companies (Miscellaneous Reporting) Regulations 2018 require the Company to disclose its corporate governance arrangements, stating: which corporate governance code, if any, the company has applied in the financial year; t1ow tt1e company has applied any corporate governance code; if the company departed from any corporate governance code, the respects in which it did so and why; or if the company has not applied any corporate governance code. to explain the reasons for that decision The Company's ultimate parent company is OS Smith Pie, which, as a company listed on the London Stock Exchange, has applied the main principles of good governance included in the 2018 UK Corporate Governance Code. In reviewing the Company's own corporate governance arrangements, the Company has used the Wates Corporate Governance Principles ("Principles") for Large Private Companies ("Code") as the framework for its disclosure. Set out below is a summary of its corporate governance arrangements in respect to each of the Principles included in the Code: Principle 1 - Purpose and leadership The Directors' decisions are taken in the context of the OS Smith corporate purpose of 'Redefining Packaging for a Changing World' (our "Purpose") and the vision and values of the Group, together with the strategic priorities for the Company. We deliver our Purpose through our four strategic goals: To delight our customers; To realise the potential of our people; To lead the way in sustainability; and At a Group level, to double our size and profitability. These four strategic goals are underpinned by our five values: Be caring Be challenging Be responsive Be trusted Be tenacious The Directors set a strong cultural tone from the top, for example, by engaging with a wide range of employees through townhall meetings, internal communications and physical site visits. Townhall meetings enable effective communication to a wide audience to engage them around our strategic goals and examples of specific projects and initiatives designed to achieve those goals and realise our Purpose. They also provide a forum for updates on matters such as health and safety performance, which is one of the key priorities of the Directors. These messages are reinforced by physical site visits by the Directors and senior management. to demonstrate leadership in action and drive our culture and vision of zero harm. Examples of engagement with our customers and other stakeholders in relation to our four strategic goals, as well as examples of how we are delivering on our Purpose, are set out in the s172(1) statement.    Principle 1 - Purpose and leadership (continued} The Directors also are also responsible for setting the tone from the top in relation to compliance and business conduct. During the year, our Code of Conduct received one of the highest engagement scores in the Group-wide employee engagement survey. There are a number of other policies in place for the Group and the Company, which cover topics such as anti-bribery and anti-corruption, anti-slavery and human trafficking, commercial agents, competition law, corporate criminal offence, document retention, equal opportunities and anti-discrimination, gifts and hospitality, health and safety, procure to pay, sustainability, personal data protection and 'Speak Up!'. Further detail on these policies is set out in the Group's 2022 Annual Report, particularly on pages 62 to 64. The Board is supported by the governance, legal and internal audit functions, and the Compliance Committee in supporting a culture of compliance, aligned to our values. Principle 2 - Board Composition The Company is led by a Board of Directors, which consists of four Directors with wide experience of the industry in which the Company operates. In terms of Board structure, the Directors are all executive directors and bring a combination of operational, financial and sales, marketing and innovation expertise. They receive updates from, and between them engage with, all of the key stakeholder groups of the Company. For example, as Sales, Marketing and Innovation Director for Packaging, Marc Chiron has frequent interactions with our customers, and receives detailed information about other customer interactions via his team members. The Board's effectiveness is also enhanced by the understanding the Directors bring from their other responsibilities in the OS Smith Packaging division and the Group. For example, Stefano Rossi is also a member of the Group Operations Committee. Evaluation of the Directorsis undertakenduring annual performancedevelopmentreviews. It is acknowledged that there continues to be a lack of diversity on the Board. The Directors remain committed to our diversity and inclusion ambitions. Stefano Rossi continues to sponsor the diversity and inclusion forum with members from across the Group and the Company. See the employee engagement statement for more details on our diversity and inclusion initiatives this year. Principle 3 - Director Responsibilities As is normal for large companies, the Directors delegate authority for day-to-day management of the Company to a management team. There are no formal board committees. There are clearly defined processes and policies in place for delegated decision-making, reporting and escalation to the Directors of key decisions and matters for approval. These are supported by the governance and internal audit functions who assist the Directors in upholding good corporate governance practices. The Directors receive regular information on health and safety, our people, financial and operational performance, customer service levels, progress on our sustainability strategy, stakeholder initiatives and other relevant matters. Standardised KPls and regular reporting formats are used to ensure that information is provided on a timely basis and in a consistent manner. By way of example, in relation to health and safety, KPls include the number of lost time accidents ("LTA") (meaning accidents resulting in lost time of one shift or more) and the accident frequency rate (meaning the number of LTAs per million hours worked). In relation to customer service, our KPI is 'on-time in-full deliveries' (meaning the proportion of our orders that are delivered on-time in-full across the business).    Principle 4 - Opportunity and Risk The opportunities and risks faced by the Company are detailed in the Strategic Report in the sections entitled Future prospects and Principal risks and uncertainties, which form part of the Company's Annual Report and Financial Statements. See also the summary of potential risks and opportunities for the wider Group on pages 52 to 55 of the Group's 2022 Annual Report. The primary annual strategic and financial planning activity is the Corporate Plan process, which covers a period of three successive financial years. This process assesses potential risks and opportunities and is used to develop the strategic direction of the Company and the wider DS Smith Group. The engagement with the Company's employees, customers and other stakeholders described above are key to the process of identifying and seizing opportunities for the Company. For example, there is growing demand for sustainable packaging solutions and we are meeting this by designing sustainable packaging solutions for our customers using our Circular Design Principles, which also helps our customers to achieve their sustainability goals. Our Circular Design Principles provide an example of our strategic goals in action ta embrace an opportunity aligned to our Purpose. The Directors are supported by the governance, internal audit, risk & insurance and legal functions in implementing internal control systems to identify and mitigate potential risks facing the Company. The Company operates within the framework of the Group's risk policy, further details of which are set out on pages 47 to 48 of the Group's 2022 Annual Report. We also work closely with other companies across the wider DS Smith Packaging division and Group to identify and pursue opportunities and to identify and mitigate potential risks. Principle 5 - Remuneration In line with the wider Group, and as part of good practice for any reputable company, we apply the following baseline principles when setting reward across the organisation: Meets legal and regulatory requirements Simple and clear to understand Affordable and sustainable Is competitive in the market on a total reward basis to enable OS Smith to attract and retain the right level of talent The overarching remuneration policy for the Group is set by a committee of non-executive Directors formed by the board of the ultimate parent company, OS Smith Pie, for this purpose. The purpose of the Remuneration Committee is to develop a reward package that supports our vision and strategy as a Group and to ensure the rewards are performance-based and encourage long-term shareholder value creation. Further information is set out in the Group's 2022 Annual Report, in particular the Remuneration Committee Report on pages 88 to 111. Principle 6 - Stakeholder relationships and engagement The Company's key stakeholders include its workforce, customers, suppliers, investors, community groups and the environment. This is reflected in three of the four strategic goals by which we deliver our Purpose: to delight our customers; to realise the potential of our people; and to lead the way in sustainability. Customers are the lifeblood of our business and we have multiple touchpoints with them every day across our business. Our sales, marketing and innovation function, management and Directors all engage with our customers to achieve our Purpose of 'Redefining Packaging for a Changing World'.    Principle 6 - Stakeholder relationships and engagement (continued) Similarly, there is frequent dialogue and engagement with the Company's workforce, including using a Group-wide employee engagement survey in 2021/22. The Directors and management work with the internal communications team to engage our workforce through numerous different communication channels, as well as face-to-face engagement via meetings and physical site visits. Employees are actively invited to provide feedback, make suggestions and raise concerns both informally and via well-established forums or procedures, such as the European Works Council and the UK employee forums. Further detail in relation to Principle 6 is set out in the section 172(1) statement, the employee engagement statement and the statement on the fostering of business relations.
