   Corporate Governance Statement Dyson Technology Limited is a subsidiary of Dyson Holdings Pte. Ltd., a company based in Singapore (the "Company"). The Company and its subsidi;:iries (collectively referred to as to "Dyson" or "Group") are a global group of technology companies com.milled to maintaining a. high st_andardof corporate governance. For the year ended 31 D¢cember 2021, under The Com·panies (Miscellaneous Reporting) Regulations 2018, the Dyson Group has .followed the Wates Corporate Governance Principles for Large Private Companies as an appropriate framework for the Group's corporate governance practices. Below is an explanation of how the Group has operated in· accordance with the principles. • Principle 1: Purpose and Leadership Dyson is a family-owned business that was founded in 1985 by Sir James Dyson. Dyson solves problems others lgnore through science and· engineering. Dyson's visiori is to develop core technologies (such as motors, batteries, robotics, etc.) which enable it to develop better performing products.    There are three core values at Dyson: • Different - We remafn family-owned and free to forge our own path. We are curious and excited by the unknown. Not restricted by conventional thinking, we discover and learn for ourselves. • • • Authentic - We are driven by a desire to solve .real problems and improve everyday lives using engineering logic and ingenious thinking. Core to this are the principles of respecting others, working collaborativeiy and upholding integrity. • Pioneering - We explore, discover and learn for ourselves, to form revolutionary new ideas. Then we iterate and refine, developing fast to stay ahead. Never satisfied, we believe eyerything can always be made better. • Dyson is a global research arid technology company with engineering, research, development, manufacturing and testing operations in Singapore, the UK, Malaysia, Japan, the US, Mexico, .China arid the Philippines. Having started in a coach house in the UK, Dyson has consistently grown since the Company was founded in 1985. Today, it has a global headquarters iri Singapore and two technqlogy campuses in the UK spanning over .800 acres in Malinesbury and Hullavington, alongside 10 engineering and research hubs around the world. Dyson remains famlly~owned and employs over 13,000 people globally including over 5,500 engineers and scientists. It sells products in over 60 markets internationally, in over 330 Dyson Demo stores, as well as online through pioneering digital tools and virtual experiences. Dyson is investing £2.75bn in the business to conceive revolutionary products and technologies. Dyson has global teams of engineers, scientists and software ·developers focused on the development of solid-state battery cells, high-speed electric digital motors, sensing and vision systems, robotics, machine learning technologies and A.I. investment. Since inventing the first cyclonic bagless vacuum cleaner DC01- in 1993, Dyson has created problem solving technologies for haircare, air purification, robotics, lighting and hand drying. • O Dyson operates globally and its success and continued growth depends on four shared principles that guide· its work: Transparency, Loyalty, Fairness, and Independence. Dyson's internal Code of Conduct ca lied "The Code: ThinkDo" explains how Dyson puts these principles into practice. By upholding the Code, each stakeholder helps Dyson to continue to create better technology and to protect the id~as and the people behind them. Dyson wants everyone in the business to be empowered to make good decisions, so we have created The Code to support our work and guide us on ·how to conduct our business, always acting with integrity. Dyson's annual Blueprint was formalised at the beginning of 2022 under the Board of Directors' direction. to guide the organisation's strategy for the next year (and beyond) - laying out priorities, direction and targets for all Dyson people to understand. It enables teams to set priorities and make the right choices based on Dyson's overall goals. The Blueprint is available to all Dyson people and is shared at the beginning of each year following an annual update. Many groups and teams create a specific·and focused local Blueprint based on the global one. It provides metrics and indicators to benchmark success so all Dyson people understand what we are aiming for and can measure progress effectively. The Dyson ·family, our ultimate shareholder, actively engages with the business, ensuring stewardship of what the Company believes to be a responsible family enterprise. Three family members sit on the Group Board of Directors ("the Board") and maintain a visible presence in. the Group, promoting a long-term ethos of inclusion, diversity and engagement, and an ever-increasing focus on social and environmental sustainability.    Principle 2: Board Composition The Board are committed to conducting·business in an ethical, fair and transparent manner and in accordance with high sta.ndards of corporate governance among all of our businesses, our employees and our supply chain. The i3pard, together with the management team, leads by example and are committed to fostering a culture of compliance that values personal and corporate integrity, accountability an~ continuous improvement. The Board comprises a separate Chairman and Chief Executive to ensure that the balance of responsibilities, accountabilities and decision making across the Group are effectively maintained, as well as three Independent Non-Executive Directors, a Chief Financial Officer ("CFO") and three family members (including the Chairman and founder of the business, Sir James Dyson). This size and composition is appropriate as it facilitates effective decision making across our large, international business. There is a clear division of responsibilities between the shareholder, the Independent Non-Executive Directors and the Executive Directors. The Independent Nori-Executive Directors play a pivotal role in creating the conditions for overall Board and individual director contributions and· effectiveness . .The Company is committed to ensuring that the composition of the Board continues to comprise directors who, as a whole, possess the diversity of skillsand experience required to fulfil the role and responsibilities of the Board. • The Independent Non-Executive Directors constructively challenge and help develop strategy and review business performance (including the performance of senior management) against the agreed-g<>alsand objectives. Independent Non~ExecutiveDirectors bring core competencies such as ac,counting, finance, business and .management experience, industry knowledge, strategic planning experience and they also provide perspectives from outside the sectors in which the Group operates. The Independent Non-Executive Directors are wholly irid.ependent in that they have no material business or other relationships with Dyson that might influence their independent judgement. All Directors have equal voting rights when making decisions, except the Chairm·anof a meeting who has an additional casting vote that tnay be used in case of deadlock. All directors have access to the Company Secretary, the Chief Legal Officer ("CLO") and to senior management at all times. The directors have the right to seek independent professional advice as and when necessary to better enable them to discharge their duties effectively. The duties of the Board are executed partially through Board committees. The Independent Non-Executive Directors attend and act as chairs to relevant committees so that they are able to challenge and influence a broad range of areas across the Group. The Executive Council ("EC") is the group of senior leaders who implement the Group's strategy and ensure that values and culture are implemented and communicated consistently to the employees - for example, through regular Cafe Briefings. ' Directors update their skills, knowledge and familiarity with the Group by meeting with senior management, attending Strategy Day sessions and when possible, visits to Dyson offices. An induction program for all new Directors is in place that is tailored to their specific experience and knowledge. Principle·3: Director Responsibilities The Board has a programme ·of six board meetings annually, plus an additional day for strategic planning. As part of each Board meeting,the governance of the Group is included as a standing agenda item. The Board is responsible for organising and directing the affairs of the Company in a manner that is most likely to· promote the success of the Company for the benefit of its shareholder and in a manner that is consistent with its constitution, applicable regulatory requirements and c1,1rrentcorporate governance best practice.    Principle 3: Director Responsibilities The primary function of the Board is to provide effective leadership and direction and to enhance the long-term value of the Group to its shareholder and other stakeholders. It achieves this by reviewing the strategic plans and performance objectives, financial plans and annual budgets, key operational initiatives, major funding and investment proposal$; financial performance reviews and corporate governance practices. The 1;3oardmembers receive regular and timely information (at least monthly) on all key aspects of the business including health and safety, risks, opportunities, financial performance, strategy, operational matters, market conditions and sustainability O all supported by Key Performance Indicators. The Directors and other members of the wider leadership team complete an annu_alCode of Conduct declaration, c;:onfirmingthat they have behaved in accordance with the Group's values. As part of this process, all individuals must declare any potential conflict of interests. Committees In addition, the Board delegates certain governance responsibilities to its Audit, Remuneration and Treasury Committees, each of which have clearly documented terms of reference. These committees include Independent Non-Executive Dfrectors, who support _effective decision-makin·g and constructively challenge management's decisions. The Board delegates authority for the day-to-day management of the Company tothe ECwhich meets weekly.and is chaired by the CEO and whose membership includes the CFO, CLO, Chief Product Officer, Chief Technology Officer, Chief People Officer, Chief Supply Chain Officer and _ChiefCommercial Officer. The Board, its committees and management committees regularly review terms of reference to ensure they remain fit for purpose, are adapted to promote good governance and meet the requirements of the Company as they evolve. Integrity of Information The Group recognises the importance of providing the Board with accurate and relevant information on a timely basis. Such reports keep Board members informed of the Company's and the Group's performance, position and prospects. Key financial information is collated from the Group's accotJnting systems, which includes an analysis of sales, operating profit and pre-tax profit, tc;>g~therwith explanations for significant variances. The Group's finance function is 'appropriately qualified to. ensure the integrity of this information and is provided with the necessary training to keep up to date with regulatory changes. To support good governance, the Audit Committee ("AC") regularly reviews the rel~tionship with the external auditors and has a policy in place that, at least every fi_veyears, the external audit will be considered for re-tender. The financial statements are audited by PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP on an annual basis, and assessments of the financial control environment are reported to the AC. • The Board also.reviews legislation an·d regulatory compliance reports from management, to ensure that the Group complies with ttie relevant regulatory requirements. •    Principle 4: Opportunity and Risk Opportunity • Long-term strategic opportunities are highlighted in the annual Group Strategy process which is presented to the Board every year. The Board seeks out opportunities drawn from the business, the family enterprise strategy and the committees to which it delegates. Short-term opportunities to improve _performance, resilience and liquidity ate collated through the business unit review .process, which is overseen by the EC._ • Risk management The Board, with the assistance from the Executive Risk Committee ("RC"), is responsible for ov~rseeing how risk is managed and stakeholders are accountable. The RC comprises the EC (equivalent to an operational board) and meets at least twice-a year to formally review each of the Group's principal risks and consider any emerging risks, including those identified within va~ous Junctions of the Group and escalated to the RC. Each of the principal risks as defined are owned by individual EC members and each prepares a dashboard which summarises the Group's exposure, what is in place to manage the risk and planned further measures for each meeting. A twice-yearly report is provided to the Board reporting on changes to the Group's risk profile, following thfs review. • The AC is responsible for reviewing the Company's internal control and risk management ..systems .as part of its assessrnent 0 of the control envirenmenta ltalso reports to the Board-on matters concerning internal control and risk management but is not responsible for managing those risks (that is the role of the EC). The EC and each business market lec1der-areresponsible for the application of the internal controls and risk management, for implementing and monltoring the operation of the system of internal contrQI and for providing assurance to the AC and the Board. The AC has clearly defined terms of reference, which are reviewed annually and available from the Company Secretary. Internal Audit Th_eGroup has an in-house internal audit function, whose primary role is to provide assurance to the Board and AC about the effectiveness of internal controls, risk maflagement and governance processes. The.Director of Internal Audit and Risk reports directly to the Chair of the AC. and ·is therefore ·independent of Group managemen_t The scope of authority and the responsibility of the internal audit -function is defined in the Internal Audit Charter, which is approved .by the AC. The AC also ensures that the ,ntenial audit function has •adequate resources to perform its functions effectively. • The annual internal audit plan is created following a risk assessment of the business; consultation with management; arid is reviewed and approved by the AC before being presented to the Board. Progress against this plan; a summary of findings from reviews completed in the period; and the status of completion of agreed actions arising from such reviews, is presented and discussed at the AC each quarter. Any material.control weaknesses over finaneial reporting identified by the external auditors in the course of the statutory audit are highlighted to the AC. Whistle blowing ("Speak Up") . The AC also reviews the adequacy of the "Speak Up" arrangements instituted by the Group, through which staff and external parties may, in confidence, raise concerns about possible improprieties in matters of financial reporting or other matters.    Principle 4: Opportunity and Risk (continued) Whistle blowing ("Speak Up") (continued) Dyson is committed to ensuring that people can raise "Speak Up" concerns without the fear of retaliation and With the confidence their concerns will be fairly investigated. One of the ways the Company does this is by ensuring the complete independence of all of the investigations. of "Speak Up" concerns raised. The Legal Compliance and. Ethics team undertakes the investigation of "Speak Up" concerns on behalf of the AC. The AC is responsible for ensuring that Dyson has an effective "$peak Up" process and that all concerns are independently and thoroughly investigated. This mec:1nsthat the Legal Compliance and _Ethicsteam can carry out . its investigations objectively and independently of Executive managem;nt. • Principle 5: Remuner;1tion Matters The Remuneration Committee's ("Remco") primary responsibility is to ensure a formal and transparent procedure for developing policies on executive remuneration, and for fixing the remuneration packages ·of individual directors and key management personnel. The Company is an active equal opportunities employer and promotes an environment free from discrimination, harassment and victimisation, where ·everyone receives equal treatment and career development. All decisions relating to employment practices are objective, free from bias and based solely upcin work criteria and individual merit. The Remco is responsible for rriaking recommendations to the Board concerning the Group's remuneration strategy, recruitment framework and long-term incentive plans for seniqr executives·. In ooingso, the Remco may take advice from fndependent external consultants who provide updates on legislative requirements, best market practice and remuneration benchmarking, drawing on evidence from across the sectors in which the Company operates and from other sectors. Pay is aligned with performance and in· setting levels of pay the Company takes into account conditions across the Company's workforce. Executive directors do not receive directors' fees. Principle 6: Stakeholders Relationship and Engagement As· a global technology enterprise, Dyson recognises •that its actions have far-reaching consequences. The Group rises to the challenge of making a positive difference - by lessening our impact on the environment, improving conditions for workers, and inspiring the design engineers of tomorrow. External Impacts· The Board is committed to social 'responsibility, commu.nity engagement and environmental sustainability. It achieves this, in part, th_roughits commitment to a culture of ens1,1ringthe safety, health and wellbeing of everyone• who works with us; being an employer of choice where everyone is valued and respected; and seeking new ways to ensure sustainability. Please visit https://www.dyson.co.uk/inside-dyson/sustainability/overview for more details of our corporate social responsibility commitment. Stakeholders The Board promotes accountability and transparency with all external stakeholders and with representatives of government and other opinion leaders where necessary. Workforce Dyson is always growing and evolving, and how we engage with our employees is no exception. We conduct regular listening sessions by executive leaders around the business to gather real insights of what our people experience globally, working at Dyson. The in_sightsgained have been invaluable in driving a range of new initiatives, benefits and changes across our functions and markets over the past year.    The Group's aim, for all members of staff and applicants for employment, is to fit the qualifications, aptitude and ability of everyone to the appropriate job and to provide equal opportunity regardless of sex, religion or ethnic origin. The Group·does all that is practicable to meet its responsibility to.wards the employment of disable_dpeople. A well-trained and motivated workforce is a high priority. Training is through both external courses arid on the job training. It is Group policy that career development and promotion opportunities should be available to all employees. The Group ensures that all employees are kept . up to date by ·regular meetings, briefings and newsletters communicating majc,r developments and changes within the organisation. Customers Dyson is committed to providing the best service to its customers old and new. The Board regularly reviews customer service arrangements and ensures appropriate investmenris-being made in the support of customers, measuring results using a net promoter score system. The safety of Dyson products is also of critical importance. The Chief Product Officer is responsible for the safety and quality of products and is supported by a team of highly experienced engineers and managers. The Board reviews safety and quality issues at each board meeting and .receives regular reports on specific issues. Business partriersJsilppliers • Our business suppliers and partners provide us with the tools and services we need to deliver for our customers. Our Procurement function conducts supplier ·surveys and supports a programme of supplier engagement, some ofwhich is linked to our annual statement oh Modern Slavery. • • Shareholder's Dialogue The Company's shareholder, Weyb6urne Holdings Pte. Ltd., is the ultimate owner Of the Company . and is involved with certain stewardship activities. The Board meets with the shareholder on a monthly basis to provide an opportunity to engage directly with the Board. The Board receives regular reports and feedback from discussion with the Company's shareholder and is informed of any issues or concerns raised by it. This process allows Directors to develop necessary understanding of the views of the shareholder and enables the Board to judge whether tt]e shareholder. has a sufficient understanding of the Company's strategic objectives. Streamlined energy and carbon reporting Sustainability is ·at the centre of Dyson. As a global technology company,· the Grc,up's environmental impact is significant. We recognise that we have a responsibility to reduce our environmental impact and are actively pursuing ways to do this. Doing more with less doesri't • just apply to how we design and engineer our products, but to every aspect of our environmental footprint, from carbon to water, to biodiversity and everything in between. Just as our products should be long lasting, durable and sustainable, so too should our spaces and the energy we use to power them. Energy consumption usea to calculate emlssions The company used 474,187 (2020: 409,745) cubic metres of gas and 14,858,326 (2020: 11,764,447) kWh of energy in the year.
