   Governance Framework The Group endeavours to follow high standards of corporate governance, with the board of Eagle Topco Limited (Board), the Company's parent company, determining the governance framework for the whole of the Group, including for the Company. The Board has considered the Companies (MisceJlaneous Reporting) Regulations 2018 (the Regulations) for the year beginning on 1 January 2021, including the requirement to state which corporate code it has applied. Noting the above, the corporate governance statement in this section is extracted from the financial statements for Eagle Topco Limited, with the governance framework adopted by the Board applying to the whole Group, including the Company. The Board of Eagle Topco Limited comprises: RM Walker SA Irons M JRandles JC Douin RE Williams A Gupta (resigned 4 February 2022) JS Holbrook SE Yates (appointed 21 September 2021)    Purpose, vision and leadership For the year ended 31 December 2021, under the Regulations, the Group has applied the Wates Corporate Governance Principles for Large Private Companies (published by the Financial Reporting Council (FRC) in December 2018 and available on the FRC website) (the Wates Principles). The Wates Principles provide a framework for the Group to not only demonstrate how the Board makes decisions for the long term success of the Group and its stakeholders (see Stakeholder Engagement, on page 18), but also have regard to how the Board ensures the Group complies with the requirements of Section 172 of the Companies Act 2016. Our reporting against Section 172 of the Companies Act 2016 has been included on page 6. The Board determines the long-term strategy, direction and performance of the Group. The Group's Vision is to give every child the best start in life and the Board is responsible for ensuring that the Group's strategy and culture is aligned with this. The Group's Mission is to "deliver high quality childcare and exciting opportunities for learning that give every child a head start as they prepare for school", supported by its Values of"Care, Service, Quality and Value". The Group's Vision, Mission and Values were established, under the Board's direction, to underpin the Group's strategy, decisions and culture. These are codified in the Group's Code of Conduct, and form the basis of all other Group policies, all of which are distributed to employees annually as part of their training programmes and are included as part of any new employee induction process. The Group's Code of Conduct makes clear that the Group is expected to operate to the highest standards in everything it does, setting out expectations for employees and requiring them to always operate fairly and ethically in all areas of the business to maintain the Group's reputation and status. This policy, and all ·other Group policies, is supported by the Speak Up policy, which sets out the action employees are expected to take if they have a concern about something they see or hear that is in breach of the Group's policies. This policy is further supported by the Group's Speak Up line, which allows employees to raise concerns through a dedicated, independently operated, helpline. During 2021, the Group continued to communicate its strategy and messages to all key stakeholders. In the absence of the majority of face to face meetings, communication to the Group's keys stakeholders has continued through the Group's management structure and via frequent company wide communications. Board composition There are currently eight members on the Board. The Board comprises an independent Chairman, one executive direc~or (the Group Chief Executive Officer), four investor nominated board members (who are non-executive directors), and two other non-executive directors, one of whom is independent. A biography for the executive members of the Board can be found on our website. Biographies of the Non-executive members of the Board can be found on the respective websites of their employers. The size and structure of the Board is framed by the investment agreement in place between the Group's investors (Investment Agreement), with Ontario Teachers' Pension Plan (OTPP), which holds a controlling interest in the Group, entitled to appoint such number of non-executive directors as it chooses, as well as the Chairman and an independent non-executive director. Esta Investments Pte Ltd (Temasek), OTPP's co-investor in the Group, is entitled to appoint one non-executive director to the Board. The Chairman sets both the annual agenda and the agenda for each Board meeting and encourages an open and constructive debate at Board level. The Group Chief Executive Officer is responsible for the implementation and delivery of the strategy agreed by the Board. The Board maintains a Board composition summary, which reviews and considers the skills and experience the various Board members bring to decision making. Diversity of background, experience and skillset at Board level is important to the Group and the need to achieve balance of views and influence is key (and considered by reference to the composition summary) when appointing new members to the Board. To further develop Board diversity, and to enhance the Board's complex transactional experience an additional investor appointed non-executive director, SE Yates was appointed during the year.    The non-executive directors bring judgement on key issues affecting the Group and its business operations, including strategy, performance, resources (including key appointments) and standards of conduct." They also bring experience in branding, marketing, M&A, international growth, talent management and headline risk and government policy, in addition to perspectives and challenge from outside the sectors in which the Group operates. The Board has one independent non-executive director, J S Holbrook in place on the Board and the Chairman, RM Walker, both of which are independent of the Group's executive management and free from any business or other relationships that could materially interfere with the exercise of their judgement. The size and composition of the Board is considered to be appropriate with all members contributing to a wide variety of experience. The Investment Agreement also entitles OTPP and Temasek to invite observers to Board meetings, which they did regularly during the financial year, to provide a further combination of skills and judgement. Each member of the Board is required to make the Board aware of any significant commitments outside the Group. They are also required to notify the Chairman if they become aware of actual or potential conflict situations, or situations which might impact the time they are able to devote to their directorship role for the Group. No such conflicts were identified in the period. Both the non-executive directors and the Board observers meet regularly with the Group's management team to ensure they understand the needs of the business. These meetings, where possible and safe, include visits to the Group's centres, both in the UK and the other territories and allows the Board to be made aware of a wide range of topics impacting the business. There is an induction programme for all new members of the Board, which is tailored to their specific experience and knowledge and which provides access to all parts of the business. The Chairman, with support of the Board, conducts an annual informal evaluation of the effectiveness of the Board, looking at the leadership of the Chairman (in setting the agenda and directing discussions), the composition and skillset of the Board as a whole as well as specific matters such as review of risk, management accountability, financial performance and talent management. The Board considers these assessments important in the identification of key areas for future improvements, focus and for strengthening its overall performance, with assessments shaping the annual agenda for Board meetings in the following year. A Board effectiveness evaluation was completed during the financial year, and a number of actions identified. The most notable of which was for the Board to further develop its strategy and initiatives in relation to environmental, social and corporate responsibility. Director responsibilities The Board is responsible for creating the framework within which the Group operates and is collectively responsible to the Company's investors for the direction, promotion and oversight of the Company to ensure its long-term success. It provides leadership for the Group, setting standards. Other core activities include monitoring performance and approval of material business development (including through acquisition) and commitments. The Investment Agreement dictates matters which are subject to OTPP nominated director or investor (OTPP) consent and sets out the terms of reference for Board committees. Matters which must also receive the consent of the OTPP investor director and/or OTPP include: • Structure and capital; • Approval of dividends; • Acquisitions; • Financial and accounting controls; • Material projects and contracts; and • Group business plan. The Board delegates authority for the running of the Group's business to the Group management team (Group Management), led by the Group Chief Executive Officer. A biography for each member of Group Management can be found on the Group's website at https://www.busybeeschildcare.co.uk/management-team.    The Board has an annual calendar of meetings, with the timetable set in the preceding year to ensure that at least six meetings are held, as required by the Investment Agreement. An outline agenda is set at the start of the year, with standing agenda items including: • The Group Chief Executive Officer's report on strategic and business developments, together with relevant updates from each of the Group's territories. • The Group Chief Financial Officer's report which includes commentary on financial performance against the Operating Plan for the year. • The Group Business Development Director's review of business development opportunities forthe Group. On a cyclical basis, the Board agenda will also include detailed assessments of Group strategy, business plans, governance, deep dives into Group territories and, where applicable, reports from the Board committees. Board meeting papers (including the meeting agenda) are circulated in good time prior to Board meetings to allow the Board members time to review in advance. Board meeting papers include a board update, providing a summary financial and operational update for the Group. In addition to Board meeting papers the Board receives regular and timely information (at least monthly) on all key aspects of the business including safeguarding matters, health and safety, people, risks and opportunities, the financial performance of the business, strategy, operational matters, market conditions, all supported by Key Performance Indicators (KPis). Key financial information is collated from the Group's accounting systems. The Group's finance function is appropriately qualified to ensure the integrity of this information and is provided with the necessary training to keep up to date with regulatory changes, and financial controls are reviewed by the Group's internal audit function which is operated by one individual seeking external specialist support as required. Other key information is prep;:iredby the relevant internal Group function. Processes for collecting data, as well as the reporting of that data, is reviewed on a cyclical basis by the Group's internal audit function with reporting provided to the Audit Committee. During 2021 the Board: • Approved the annual reports and accounts for 2020. • Approved the Operating Plan for 2022. • Approved the Group's Strategic plan. • Approved the Group's refinancing project. • Approved the acquisition of Think Childcare Limited and Provincial Education Group and the other acquisitions included on page 1. • With the assistance of the Audit Committee, reviewed and approved the Group's risk register, prepared by Group Management, taking account of level of risk and steps implemented to mitigate impact. • Was briefed regularly as to whether any environmental, safety or governance issues had arisen, along with the action taken and the related risk mitigation steps. The Group's ESG strategy and initiatives were presented and approved, with next steps agreed. • Received regular and detailed reports on the Group's operating and financial performance in each territory, with Group Management given the opportunity to present to the Board. • Received regular detailed reports on the operational impact ofCOVID-19, including safety measures taken to protect employees, children and visitors to the Group's centres. The Board also delegates some of its functions to Board sub-committees: The Audit Committee and the Remuneration Committee.    Audit Committee The Audit Committee members include the Chairman, and three investor appointed members, who are also non-executive directors of the Board. There is a further non-executive director of the Board who is independent and also chair of the Audit Committee. The current members of the Audit Committee are: • Robert Walker (Chairman) • Jane Holbrook (Chair of the Audit Committee, Independent Non-executive director) • Jean-Charles Douin (Non-executive director) • Abhijeet Gupta (Non-executive director)- resigned from Audit Committee 4 February 2022 • Sarah Yates (Non-executive director- appointed to Audit Committee 15 December 2021) The t~rms of reference for the committee are as follows: • To monitor the integrity of the financial statements of the Group, reviewing significant financial reporting judgements contained in them. • To review the Group's internal financial controls and the Group's internal control and risk management systems. • To establish and monitor and review the effectiveness of the Group's internal audit function. • To make recommendations to the Board in relation to the appointment of the Group's external auditor and to approve the remuneration and terms of engagement of that external auditor. • To review and monitor the external auditor's independence and objectivity and the effectiveness of the audit process, taking into cons.ideration relevant professional and regulatory requirements. • To develop and implement policy on the engagement of the Group's external auditor to supply non-audit services, taking into account relevant ethical guidance regarding the provision of non-audit services by that external audit firm. • To report to the Board on the above, identifying any matters in respect of which it considers that action or improvement is needed, and making recommendations as to the steps to be taken. • To require the attendance before it of any officer or employee of a Group member and to obtain (at the cost of the Group) legal or other professional advice in respect of any matters within its terms ofreference. The Audit Committee also reviews and manages risk generally across the Group, and is the Board committee with primary responsibility for review and approval of the Group's risk management strategy and processes, including the management of cyber risk. The Audit Committee reviews and approves the Group's risk register and the financial and governance controls (detailed in Opportunities and Risk on page 15) and including risks associated. Remuneration Committee The Remuneration Committee members include the Chairman (who also acts as Chair for this committee), the Independent Non-executive director and two investor appointed members, who are also non-executive directors of the Board. The current members of the Remuneration Committee are: • Robert Walker (Chairman) • Jean-Charles Douin (Non-executive director) • Rob Williams (Non-executive director) • Jane Holbrook (Independent Non-executive director)    The tenns of reference for the committee are as follows: • To detennine and action on behalf of the Group all matters concerning: o the salary and other remuneration and benefits (including bonus, share incentive and pension arrangements) and tenns and conditions of employment of the Group's senior employees (including Group Management), including, without limitation, salary reviews and the setting of bonus levels and perfonnance targets). o the appointment or dismissal (and tenns of appointment or dismissal) of a senior employee (including a member of Group Management but excluding the Board of Directors). o any employee share-based remuneration schemes. • To amend or take actions under any agreement in place between a member of the Group and a senior employee (including Group Management). Financial risk management objectives and policies Financial risk management objectives and policies are disclosed within the strategic report on pages 8 and 9. Opportunities and Risk Long tenn strategic opportunities are reviewed by the Board as part of the Group's annual Operating Plan review, presented to the Board before the start of every year. This review will consider key drivers for growth of the Group and improvement in adjusted EBITDA, including growth through development of new sites and acquisition, integration of acquired businesses, centre fees,· occupancy and child to staff ratios in each territory, a:nd investment in and management of people. The review also identifies key future opportunities, including: leveraging ofnew digital systems and tools to improve occupancy, impact of new funding regimes in territories to improve occupancy and income, and M&A activity. An annual review for the Group, presented to and approved by the Board at the end of every year, assesses the success of the Group in pursuing its strategic objectives and highlights new key objectives for the coming year. This review considers the strategic highlights for the year, as we well as highlights any lessons learned for each territory in the Group. The Group recognises that risk management is an essential activity for the Group, supporting the achievement of its strategic objectives. The Board and Group Management look to identify, assess and manage the key areas of risk on a proactive basis, embedding risk management into the culture of the Group without introducing unnecessary bureaucracy. The aim for the risk management framework is that it is fit for purpose and uses the Group's skills and capabilities to the full. For effective risk management the Board ensures that there is a robust and fonnalised process across the Group. The policies that underpin this process support the Group, across all the territories, to manage risk. The Board gives ownership of the identification and management of risk to Group Management, with risks highlighted to and considered by the Audit Committee on behalf of the Board (including mitigation actions). A consideration of the principal risks and uncertainties for the Group is set out in more detail on pages 8 and 9. The Group uses Group financial controls and governance questionnaires and confinnations. The financial controls questionnaire and confinnation (FCC) requires each territory in the Group, on a quarterly basis, to confinn compliance with the Group's financial policies and to disclose any areas of concern that the Group should be aware of, highlighting areas that require further discussion. The FCC is designed to document the territory level confinnations required by the Board and to enable the territories to highlight areas of risk. The governance and compliance confinnation (GCC) requires each territory in the Group, on a bi-annual basis, to confirm compliance with the Group's policies and to disclose any areas of concern that the Group and Board should be aware of, highlighting areas that require further discussion or investigation. The compliance section includes a series of statements relating to compliance with applicable laws and regulations, Anti-Bribery and Corruption, GDPR, Modem Slavery, fraud, Code of Conduct, financial policies and procedures, litigation and audit and non-audit related work.    Opportunities and Risk (continued) Group Management maintain a Group risk register, with risks scored based on likely impact on the Group, and have a process in place to identify emerging risks, consider the action required to manage the risk to an acceptable level. The register is presented, considered, including management actions required and approved at every Audit Committee meeting and every other Board meeting. The Group has internal policies, training and procedures in place to ensure compliance with the Group's Code of Conduct and its other global policies, including Anti-Bribery and Corruption, Modern Slavery and the Reporting of Serious Incidents. All employees have access to these policies, with appropriate mandatory training in place (in many cases via e-learning) to ensure compliance with best practice. The Reporting of Serious Incidents policy highlights to the Group the need to report serious incidents to the Board (including those with a potential reputational impact on the Group), with risk mitigation actions to be explained as part of the reporting process. The Group operates a Speak Up policy and supporting helpline to allow employees (and other key stakeholders) to confidentially raise any concerns about conduct. During the year, this helpline became independently administered. The Speak Up policy is distributed to all employees, who receive appropriate training on the key elements of the policy.    Environmental, Social and Governance During the year the Group finalised and reported its ESG strategy and initiatives. The Group's environmental strategy focuses on reducing carbon emissions with a target to achieve net zero carbon by 2030, reducing energy and material consumption and improving procurement traceability. The Group's social strategy includes a commitment to continue to deliver outstanding early years education, build upon our diverse and inclusive workforce, and to continue to support families in crisis as well as charity and community partners. We aim to continue to deliver exceptional governance across the Group and our governance programme, policies and procedures exist to help hold us accountable. As the Group grow·s and makes further acquisitions, our governance programme helps to maintain the cohesiveness of our organisation. In setting the ESG strategy, we have set ambitious targets and goals and will be measuring our performance against these and identifying opportunities on an annual basis. To measure our performance, we have set a baseline in terms of how we are currently performing across environmental, social and governance as a Group. The Board were responsible for the approval of the Group's ESG strategy and will continue to monitor the Group's performance in this area both separately and through inclusion of the ESG strategy in the Group's strategic plan. The independent Non- executive director has been nominated as a Board sponsor. In February 2022, the Group recruited·an ESG Manager to oversee the day-to-day implementation of the Group's ESG strategy and reporting. The Board's ESG strategy responded to the Group's risks identified in relation to climate change which is included within the Group's risk register (regularly reviewed by the Board and Audit Committee). External support was sought to help Group Management to develop the ESG strategy on behalf of the Board and align the Group's ESG strategy to the UN SDGs. Over the next few years, the Group will look to further develop its ability to predict the impact of climate related risks and opportunities over the short, medium, and long term and use this to further refine the Group's ESG strategy and planning in response to risks identified.    Streamlined Energy & Carbon Reporting ("SECR") This is the second year that the Group has been required to make disclosures relating to energy and carbon use in the UK under the government policy SECR, as implemented by the Companies (Directors' Report) and Limited Liability Partnerships (Energy and Carbon Report) Regulations 2018. The Group is required to disclose information on energy consumption, emissions, intensity metrics and energy efficiency improvements implemented in the last financial year. A plan of energy efficiency measures has been compiled for the UK operations, and this has further been reviewed and enhanced as part of the Group's ESG strategy. There are plans to implement the energy-saving measures over the next five years. During 2021, the following measures were taken: • Refurbishment schemes of existing centres and new centre builds include LED lighting • The group reviewed and revised its policy for transport fuel usage with the switch to the preference to hybrid and electric vehicles from combustion fuel engines. The Group's UK operations have an intensity metric of 0.39 tCO2e per UK full time equivalents {FTE) children, (2020: 0.48 tCO 2 e per UK full time equivalents (FTE} children). This intensity metric has been selected since, FTE children, being the occupancy of the UK centres is a key driver of the UK operational activities and consequently energy and carbon consumption. The increase in consumption from 2020 to 2021 is a result of the majority of the Group's UK operations being closed for a period in 2020 as result of the initial national COVID-19 lockdowns. The intensity metric has reduced year on year as average UK occupancy has increased from 2020 and where centres have been open throughout 2021, occupancy in these centres has been higher relative to 2020. The total consumption (kWh) and total emission (tCO2e) figures for energy supplies are 3$ follows: U~lity and Scope 2021 UK Consumption (kWh) 2021 UK Consumption (tC02eJ 2020 UK Consumption (kWh) 2020 UK Consumption (tC02e) Grid-Supplied Electricity (Scope 2) 11,923,402 2,531.70 10,461,605 2,439.02 Gaseous and other fuels (Scope 1) 23,048,469 4,250.68 20,296,379 3,745.41 Transportation (Scope 1) 1,587,561 372.88 410,451 97.22 Total 36,559,432 7,155.26 31,168,435 6,281.63 • Scope 1 consumption and emissions relate to direct combustion of natural gas, and fuels utilised for transportation operations, such as company vehicle fleets, and grey fleet. • Scope 2 consumption and emissions relate to indirect emissions relating to the consumption of purchased electricity in day-to-day business operations. Scope 1 and 2 consumption and CO2e emission data has been calculated in line with the 2019 UK Government environmental reporting guidance. The following Emission Factor Databases consistent with the 2020 UK Government environmental reporting guidance have been used, utilising the current published kWh gross calorific value (CV) and kgCO 2 e relevant for reporting year 1 January 2021 to 31 December 2021: • Database 2021, Version 1.0 Estimations undertaken to cover missing billing periods for properties directly invoiced to Busy Bees were calculated on a kWh/day pro-rata basis at meter level. These estimations equated to 1% of reported consumption. The intensity metric has been calculated utilising the 2021 and 2020 reportable figures of UK FTE children of 18,531 (2020: 13,428). Total emissions oftCO2e and both individual sources were then divided by this figure to determine the tCO2e per metric.    Stakeholder Engagement The Board promotes accountability and transparency with all external stakeholders and with representatives of government and other opinion leaders, whilst maintaining an open and visible presence in the media. The Board understands that good governance and effective communication are essential on a day-to-day basis to deliver the Group's Vision and to protect the Group's brand, reputation and relationships with all stakeholders including investors, customers, employees, suppliers, lenders and the wider community. The Group has management teams across four territories, with governance of the business across the territories and the Group as a whole, including engagement with stakeholders, delegated to a large extent to Group Management, led by the Group Chief Executive Officer. This delegation is subject to a documented delegation of authority matrix, with defined authorities and levels, which are subject to regular review and monitoring by the Board and the Board Committees. Group Management carefully consider the impact of any decision making, in respect of their territory or the wider Group, and the consequences for affected stakeholders. This is, in large part and where possible, achieved by discussing the decisions with relevant stakeholders and balancing the different and sometimes conflicting positions. Group Management report regularly to the Board on key decisions taken to enable the Board to review and monitor the effectiveness of their decision-making, in particular that sufficient balanced consideration is given to stakeholders. The Board is also kept informed of stakeholder views through the information prepared for and shared regularly with the Board, detailed in Board Information on page 14. Details of how our key stakeholders and how we engage with them are detailed below. Investors The Chairman and the respective investor directors ensure that the Board and the Group is made aware of the views of the significant investors and the issues relevant to them. The Group attaches significant importance to maintaining an effective engagement with investors to ensure a mutual understanding of investor and Board objectives and to deal with issues of concern. OTPP consent is required or certain key decisions (see page 11), with communication on these matters Jed by the Chairman and the Group Chief Executive Officer. The Board and Group Management are also aware of and comply fully with the investor information requirements detailed in the Investment Agreement. The Board engage with investors through a number of formal Board and Committee mechanisms and in addition have a good working relationship with open communication between the Board, Senior Management and OTPP and Temasek. Parents and children The Group strives to put our customers, our parents and their children, at the heart of our business through ongoing, honest and personal communications to parents about their children, their development and the wider business. The Group communicates with parents through several channels which help to ensure the achievement of the Group's • Vision, to deliver the best start in life for each child which is aligned with what is important for our parents. We aim to deliver best-in-class, seamless and easy-to-use parent communications to delight our customers and reduce frustration points. We have now successfully rolled out and launched a comprehensive Net Promoter Score, ('NPS') programme across all our global territories, giving us more robust parent feedback and allowing us to accurately measure a number of new and existing parent customer satisfaction metrics. This daily source of parent feedback allows direct and individual management of every parent query by our centre management teams. Across the Group, we operate a number of parent facing apps (iConnect/Parent Zone in the UK for example), designed to support direct parent partnership with centres and educators and allowing instantaneous flow of information to parents about their children and their Busy Bees experience. The Group also actively encourages the development of relationships at centre level, with Parent Partnership Groups (including elected parents) meeting on a regular basis to encourage good communication between parents and the centre. Centre social media pages are also used to promote parent community. The Group continues to keep parents up to date with regular updates on the impact of Government guidance on how centres operate and the safety measures taken to protect children and educators, including our Visit Safe process to allow families in need of childcare to visit and experience our centres safely.    Parents and children (continued) From the start of a parent's journey with. us, our CRM programmes allow customisable parent communications to help shape the parent enquiry management journey, allowing us to send communication (both operational and marketing) to parents centrally or at a centre level. Our CRM works hand in hand with our management system, which enables the business to keep its parents up to date with all key relevant information for the business. Understanding the parent journey is a focus for the Group and our investment in social listening (via Meltwater) enables us to keep abreast of both brand and social media comments. The Board recognises how fundamental the relationship with parents is to achieve the Group's Vision and Mission. The Board ensures it is regularly briefed on key issues raised at a Centre level by parents and decisions such as pricing, quality and curriculum tools and initiatives, all of which is reflected in discussions on the annual Operating Plan detailed on pages 5 and 6. Workforce The Group values its workforce and considers its people to be our most important asset. We believe in supporting and investing in everyone who works at Busy Bees, and key to this is open communication with our people. In 2019 the Board identified the need to formalise feedback on engagement of the workforce in the Group, to ensure decision making could demonstrably take account of the views of the workforce. The Group HR function agreed the scope of a workforce engagement survey with the Board which was planned for roll out in 2020, but was postponed due to the onset ofCOVID-19. This was completed across the Group in 2021 with the results presented to the Board in November 2021. Following the engagement survey, Group Management are formalising clear actions to improve engagement, including actions and goals so this can be measured, some of these, including a "birthday day off' have already been implemented. The aim of the engagement survey is to build on this discussion and consultation with the workforce to not only identify potential Group areas of opportunity but to also identify local trends. To continually measure engagement and culture across the Group we plan to utilise a blended approach of full engagement surveys, pulse surveys, onboarding and exit surveys and focus groups. • Use of independent surveying and reporting tool; • High level reporting to Executive Leadership Team; • Detailed engagement data packs will be shared with Operations Leadership Teams and HR will support them in developing robust and trackable action plans; • Data will be shared with the employees along with actions achieved and planned; • 2-way feedback will be encouraged to hone and develop the process; • Induction experience surveys; and • Exit surveys. In addition, the Group's focuses on creating an environment of continuous listening with its workplace feedback processes. This includes workforce exit surveys and general feedback received from managers. The Group has an independently administered whistleblowing helpline, 'Speak Up', which allows the workforce and other stakeholders to raise concerns if required. The Group, with Board support and direction, has commenced a wider HR Strategy encompassing a diversity and inclusion strategy and succession planning strategy. Although Busy Bees is an equal opportunities employer, most organisations within our sector have a predominantly female front-line workforce. Whilst we celebrate a high percentage of women in leadership roles within our business, a goal for us remains to attract more male practitioners and managers to our company. We firmly believe a diverse workforce will allow us to provide rich learning opportunities and effective role modelling to the children in our care and create a well-rounded pool of talent    Stakeholder Engagement (continued) Workforce (continued) During 2021, as a result of centralisation of administration tasks across the Group, the Board took the difficult decision •to commence a restructuring of some Centre Administration roles. This led to a number of these roles being made redundant. In making this decision the Board were required to balance ·the requirement to improve processes and management of costs in the Group with the impact of that decision making on the interests of employees involved as well as the remaining workforce and other stakeholders. During 2021 weekly management meetings across Europe were held, attended by the Group Directors and UK National Support Centre management. The meetings facilitated the communication of key business and operational matters and also gave employees an opportunity to ask questions about the business, its strategy, and objectives, with the outcome disseminated through the business through the management structure. In addition to monthly data being available on dashboards, members of Group Management hold an annual update meeting for UK National Support Centre employees to attend where performance and department specific initiatives are presented. The Group has internal communications for all employees and Centre Directors to a weekly communication summarising key business messages. UK annual events are extended to centre level managers where they are invited to attend an annual managers' awards ceremony, to recognise the achievements of the wider workforce during the year. The ceremony includes a Group update and a presentation on upcoming initiatives. The ceremony also provides an opportunity for networking, with senior managers (including Group Management) in attendance and available for managers to discuss issues of concern to them and raise questions . . The Group's remuneration strategy is considered on page 22. Suppliers Suppliers are managed by Group Management on both a territory and Group basis, with the Board briefed regularly on significant supplier relationships or issues. Suppliers are important to our business because a steady supply of great value and quality goods and services enables our centres to deliver continuity of service to our families. Each significant supplier is required to have a dedicated account manager, with a commitment to maintain regular meetings (at least quarterly) to assess the relationship and ensure consistent communication. We recognise the importance of good supplier management and are proactive in how we handle them. We are focused on ensuring we meet our payment terms with suppliers and measure of payment practice reporting. We have an established procurement process that ensures suppliers go through a level of diligence prior to being onboarded which includes, assessing the size of the company, financial diligence, an assessment of the origin of products and supplies, submission of their ABC, Modem Slavery policies and any (where applicable) legal and industry standard accreditations. We also assess prospective suppliers' ESG credentials giving preference to suppliers who are actively working to reduce their impact on the environment. We contractually mandate suppliers to reduce packaging to the bare minimum. Significant suppliers, being those providing centre-facing products or services and critical infrastructure, and critical systems/software are required to observe key procurement principles in order to be listed as a preferred supplier. Tailored procurement principles communicated to these suppliers clearly at the outset and during the relationship, covering quality standards, service levels, payment, price and margin transparency. In the UK, preferred suppliers are now mandated to be onboarded to our contract terms which cover and bind the suppliers to adhere to the standards of our key global policies and must submit their own accreditations, to us on an annual basis.    As a leading childcare provider in the UK, the Group places significant emphasis on its engagement with government representatives (local and central) as well as the key related regulatory and sector organisations. The Group actively engages in a positive way in many of the territories it operates in, with government at a ministerial, civil service and local level and regularly reviews its compliance with policy and funding requirements. Any changes to the legal and regulatory environment are captured as emerging risks through our risk management process with identified owners and action plans to ensure compliance when the changes come into effect. Our external legal advisers also provide detailed reviews in respect of existing and upcoming legislation that may affect the Group. A failure to comply could lead to unanticipated regulatory penalties or sanctions, as well as damage to our reputation._Engagement with these stakeholders affords the opportunity for Busy Bees to influence and affect policy through the collection of data, the amplification of our vision and demonstration of exemplary practice. The Group has a dedicated external affairs and government relations officer, who leads this interaction, to share knowledge, challenges and issues on behalf of the Group and the wider sector. This engagement, which includes round table discussions, regular meetings as well as reactive meetings and discussions provides us with government thinking and advice around sector regulation but also enables us to share pre-policy views and guidance, the aim of which is to influence the direction of regulation of the sector as a whole. The Board receives regular reports on all engagement with government across the Group, with the impact of external factors such as regulation of the sector and government funding of the sector reviewed and considered when making decisions around short term and long-term strategy for the Group. Community We recognise that we have a responsibility to set role model examples for the children within our care to support our . local communities. The Group engages with the community both centrally and locally, with centre directors given the autonomy to engage with their local communities to support local causes and issues. Centres are encouraged and supported to partner with local community causes, and local fund raising (often for families using our centres). In the UK level, the Group has partnered with Child Bereavement UK since 2018. We have raised over £200,000 for Child Bereavement UK with the help of our generous families and thoughtful staff teams during our partnership. Similar support partnerships are in place with charities and non-profit organisations across Ireland, North America and Australia. In the UK, we offer support on a short-term basis by sharing our expertise and care with families in need. In Asia the 'Knowledge Access' program supports vulnerable children from less privileged families or with special needs through attending high quality centres. Through Knowledge Access, Busy Bees Asia has sponsored more than 100 children's early years education since 2018. Key community initiatives are reported to the Board as part of the regular reporting structures in place. Lenders The Group, through the Group Management team and members of the Board, provide our bank lending syndicate with a quarterly covenant compliance certificate and quarterly accounts to ensure they are kept informed of business activities and progress. On an annual basis, the Group Chief Executive Officer and the Group Chief Financial Officer hold a lender presentation to provide them with an update on the Group and its strategy (both financial and operational) for the coming year. This was supplemented during the year when the Group sought to refinance and subsequently draw down additional funds under its SFA. The Group also maintains regular ad hoc dialogue with the lending syndicate throughout the year (predominantly through the agent) to inform them of acquisitions and any other material changes in the business.    Remuneration The Group's remuneration structure for senior employees is set by the Remuneration Committee - see the composition of the committee and terms ofreference at pages 13 to 14. The Remuneration Committee's primary objective is to set remuneration at a level that will enhance the Group's resources by securing and retaining quality senior employees who can deliver the Group's strategic ambitions in a manner consistent with both its Vision and Mission and the interests of its investors. The Remuneration Committee approved the long-term incentive plan (LTIP) for senior employees of the Group, including Group management, during 2019 and a subsequent LTIP in 2021. The overriding objective of the LTIP is to incentivise the management team and to align their goals and rewards to those of the existing shareholders. The intention was to achieve this by linking their reward to the growth in value of the overall business. The LTIP includes a shadow equity bonus plan scheme, through Equity Participation Units (EPUs). The EPU is a bonus paid out to management on an exit by the investors, the aim being to incentivise participants on both the growth in equity value of the Group and local contribution to this growth. The Group reported its Gender Pay Reporting in 2021, further detail of which is available on the Group's website, https://bbcdn2. fra I .digitaloceanspaces.com/downloads/gpg-2021.pdf. The Group has continued to be an active equal opportunities employer and promotes an environment free from discrimination, harassment and victimisation, where everyone receives equal treatment and career, development regardless of age, gender, nationality, ethnic origin, religion, marital status, sexual orientation or disability. All decisions relating to employment practices (including remuneration) are objective, free from bias and based solely upon work criteria and individual merit. We continue to review and improve our internal salary scales to ensure fairness applies to any individual appointed into a role, this also includes a robust Pay Review and Approval Policy applicable to all levels within the organisation and accessible by all staff members. Starting salaries will be offered in line with Group pay scales, which are reviewed annually. Any salaries that are to be offered above the starting points must go through an approval process as detailed within the policy. Each job level has an entry rate of salary and a maximum salary. No member of staff will be paid below the entry rate of salary for their job level, and no salary should progress above the maximum for each job level - unless the correct authorisation is granted as set out in the approval process. The Group will detail in annual budgets, the percentage increases that can be awarded to the wider workforce each year. Managers cannot award pay increases which would breach the approved pay remit. Employees who are eligible to receive a bonus will have their bonus criteria set out to them in writing at the start of the relevant period, which will usually be at the start of the year or their contract if they start part way through. The Group commits to fair bonus objectives that are deemed to be achievable, with a goal to reward good performance that contributes to the overall financial and operational success of the business. The following key roles are eligible to receive performance bonuses: • Centre Directors - based on the KPis of their centre including financial performance and quality • Area Directors - based on their area KPls including financial performance and quality. • Operations Directors - based on their division KPls including financial performance and quality. • Senior department heads - based on Group financial performance and their specific personal objectives. • Group Management - based on territory and Group EBITDA financial performance and their specific personal objectives. Objectives and bonuses for Group Management are determined and agreed by the Remuneration Committee in line with the wider strategic objectives for the Group. The Board also receives regular and comprehensive briefings on wider workforce remuneration structures and changes.
