   Statement of corporate governance arrangements Subsequent to the year end, the company was acquired by JSA Services Limited. The directors therefore feel that it is more appropriate to disclose the corporate governance principles applied by the JSA group as these relate to the company going forward. The group, of which the company is now a part, has applied the Wates Corporate Governance Principles for Large Private Companies as follows: Principle 1: Purpose and Leadership The group's purpose is well established. Group values have recently been refreshed and recommunicated across the entire group to ensure a common purpose and approach for all people and processes. Principle 2: Board Composition The board's composition is considered appropriate for the scale and complexity of the group. It comprises two non executive directors representing the group's principal external professional investors, a non executive chairman with significant industry experience who is also a significant shareholder, three executive directors and senior leadership team. The board meets 11 times a year to discuss business strategy, operational and financial performance, risks and other relevant issues arising. Principle 3: Director responsibilities There are clear lines of accountability of director responsibilities to ensure effective decision making and appropriate governance processes. Beneath the main board is a Senior Leadership Team responsible for the day to day delivery of corporate objectives. Principle 4: Opportunity and risk Details of opportunities and risks are set out in the strategic report. Principle 5: Remuneration Directors of the company are remunerated by other companies within the group. Remuneration of directors is aligned to the long term sustainable success of the group and regularly benchmarked. Principle 6: Stakeholder relationships and engagement Details are set out within the strategic report. The board maintains dialogue with a wide variety of industry sector experts, via relationships with a variety of professional advisors, interaction with other respected operators in our chosen markets, and monitors legislative changes closely. The board has also recently strengthened employee engagement and representation with the appointment of a new group wide People and Culture Director.
