   ~~A~ ~~A~~~ ~ lNlu~(Q)[Q)(UJ~u~(Q)~ u© @©'1~rR<lNl~~~~ I}!!,~-~~ ~~~~ ~~~~~ m ~-~u© ~-~ ~ ~ m:@ ~ Lord Stu;:artRose As Chairman of EG Group, I am pleased to prosont tho govorn.:inco report for financial year ending December 31, 2021, including the Nomination Committee report on page 80. A strong corporate governance framework provides the found;:ition for EG to .:ichieve it:; :;tr.:itegic objective:; .:ind provide long-term sustainable growth. During 2021, the Group made a number of key changes and developments to its governance structure and processes including the appointment of a Non-Executive Board and the establishment of Board Committees. I am pleased with the changes made so far and would like to cxpI•c3~ my gratitude to my fellow 0oord member:;, [iiecutive and Country Mon.:igement Teams and .ill our colle.igue:; here ot EG for their commitment .:ind dedication in wh.:it h.:i~ been yet another challenging year for us all. However, we recognise the need for improvement and will continue to review, monitor and develop our governance agenda throughout 2022 and beyond. Mav GOVERNANCE TIMELINE: l"·,lo1l1li·;hed This governance report sets outs the key activities and decisions made at Board and Committee level and our priorities for 2022, as we continue to embrace this journey and look to the future. As a privately held business, and following a review of our corporate governance arrangements, the board agrees that the Wates Corporate Governance Principles remain appropriate. Hnw WP.h;;,ve applied thP. r,rinrir,IPs is rlpt;;,ilprl thrn11ohn11t this report and has been signposted on page 71. The legislative and regulatory landscape is ever-evolving, we remain cognoscente of industry best practice and are committed to continuing to develop our governance framework and practices to ensure it is appropriate for the size and scale of the business. Q__f\. Lord Stuart Rose Chairman August 22, 2022 Oclober/ M,-,rrt, ,.- nMMittP.A~ ,;ind • Nov~ffiot:r Appointment Nnn-F-,prutive of Dirl::l¢l<.>r,mcl Chairman of A, 11.lilII,_Ri,~ Committee I 11,:lui11auyur"I Audit & Risk and I iemunerntIori Committee mectinq:; September Agreed !:;eptember Review of ~ovc:rnai1l:e ~TIP dllU LTIP structure Approval of /\nnual Report dnd Finandal Statements January October ,\pp,:,intment of I•1on ExccuLive Ch;.iim1::u1 April .,rr.;ngi'mr'nts ~nd OoarJ n..,.ernber /.\J'lpl't\Vill .:if LEON JL4ubil1u11 • Aqreed ·Loopiond~ c1c:qt1lsltlOl'l A~1-,eu F'r'22 budqet    WATES PRINCIPLES For the year ended December 31, 2021, under The Companies (Miscellaneous Reporting) Regulations 2018, the Group has applied the Wates Corporate Governance Principles for Large Private Companies (published by the Financial Reporting Council ("FRC") in December 2018 and available on the FRC website). Principle 1 Page reference Refer to page 74 /\n effective board develop:. and promotc:i·thc •• that'its values, strategy and culture align, 2 purpose of the company and ensures Refer to page 74 and 75 Board composition - Effective board composition requires an effective chairman - and a balance of skills, backgrounds and knowledge with individual directors having sufficient capacity to make a valued contribution. The size of the board should be guided by the scale and complexity of the business. 3 Director responsibilities - The board and individual directors should have a clear understanding of their accountubility and responsibilities. The board's policies and procedures should support effective decision-making and independent challenge. 4 Opportunity and risk - A board should promote the long-term sustainable success of the company by identifying opportunitie$ to create and pre$erve value, and establishing oversight for the identification and mitigation of risk. 5 Remuneration - A board should promote executive to the long-term sustainable success of a company, conditions elsewhere in the company, remuneration structures aligned taking into account pay and 6 Stakeholders - Directors should foster effective stakeholder relationships aligned to the company's purpose. The board is responsible for overseeing meaningful engagement with stakeholders. including the workforce, and having regard to their views when taking decisions. Refer to page 75 See principal page 51 to 61 risks section on See Remuneration on page 87 Committee report See our stakeholders and Section 172 on pages 16 to 19 which maps out our stakeholders and the engagement with them during ttie year. Also see the Remuneration Committee report and environment, social and governance    BOARD OF DIRECTORS The Board of EGGroup Holdings Limited (the 'Board') as set out below. DB Appointed: EG Group Holdings May 23, 2017 Biography: Mohsin is Co-Founder and Co-CEO of EG Group and has been active in the fuel forecourt and retail convenience industry since 2001. He is a resourceful business leader and has been a major driving force behind the growth and development of EG Group, including being actively involved in negotiations with major brand partners, capital raising and financing transactions. Prior to founding EG Group, he held senior leadership roles at various Issa family businesses. He was jointly named the 2018 EY Entrepreneur of the Year in the UK alongside his brother Zuber, and more recently, honoured in the Queen's Birthday Honours List 2020 for his contribution to business and charity. DB Appointed: EG Group Holdings January 21, 2021 Biography: Appointed: EG Group Holdings Limited November 2, 2020 Biography: Zuber is Co-Founder and Co-CEO of EG Group and entered into the business world at an early age. He is a natural leader and a versatile strategist and tactician and actively leads on extending the new-to-industry land bank, site investment and development, and Group operations. Prior to founding EG Group in 2001, Zuber established a number of enterprises including a chain of newsagents in busy mall locations in the North West of England. Zuber was jointly named the 2018 EY Entrepreneur of the Year in the UK alongside his brother Mohsin, and more recently, honoured in the Queen's Birthday Honours List 2020 for his contribution to business and charity. Appointed: Limited Limited EG Group Holdings Limited March 1, 2021 Biography: Lord Stuart Rose was appointed to the Board in January 2021. He has worked in retail for over 40 years and has held CEO positions at Argos, Booker, Iceland, Arcadia Group and Marks & Spencer and Chairman positions at Marks & Spencer and Ocado Group. Stuart has extensive experience of UK corporate governance requirements and best practice having served on boards and committees of some of the UK's largest :. businesses. Stuart was knighted in 2008 for services to the retail industry and corporate social responsibility, and granted a life peerage in August 2014. EG Group Holdings Limited I 2021 Annual 72 Dame Alison has served as Chairwoman of Land Securities and Director at BP, Friends Provident, Gallaher, Barclays and Man Group. She is currently Chairman of the Audit & Risk Committee at Zurich Insurance and BASF, Chairman of the Strategic Advisory Board at Livingbridge Private Equity, a Director of Coller Capital and a Non-Executive Director at Paccar. She is a trustee of the Economist Group and a former member of the United Kingdom Takeover Panel. Dame Alison is a Chartered Accountant and has two honorary doctorates. She was made a Dame Commander of the British Empire in 2014 for servic:P~ to h1.1sinessand received a Lifetime Achievement award at the 2020 Non-Executive Director of the Year Awards.    We have strengthened the composition of the Board and. developed appropriate governance structures. 11.i.iJEili)~ ~~~~ ~~ II Appointed: EG Group November Biography: Appointed: EG Group Holdings November 2, 2020 Biography: Manjit founded TOR Capital with Stephen Robertson in 2002, with whom he had previously worked at DB Capital Partners. He has over 25 years of experience in private equity, leveraged finance and consulting. Previously, Manjit was Managing Director and Head of DB Capital Partners Europe and its predecessor firm BT Capital Partners, which he joined in 1994. He started his career in the Management Consultancy division of Arthur Andersen and moved into private equity in 1989 with 3i pie, and later with NM Rothschild. Manjit holds a Master's degree in Economics from Cambridge University. Appointed: EG Group Holdings October 21, 2016 Biography: Gary joined TOR Capital in June 2008. He is involved in the day-to-day management of TDR's investments in EG Group, Modulaire Group, William Scotsman-Mobile Mini and Target Hospitality and responsible for originating new transactions. Gary is a board member at EG Group, Modulaire Group, William Scotsman-Mobile Mini and Target Hospitality and has 18 years' private equity and investment banking experience. Prior to joining TDR, he worked at both Citi and Bear Stearns in London and New York. Gary received a Master's degree in Finance with distinction from the University of Strathclyde and a Master's degree in Chemistry, with first class honours, from the University of Edinburgh. Appointed: Holdings 11,2020 Limited Limited Limited EG Group Holdings May 23, 2017 Biography: Limited John was appointed as a Non-Executive Director in November 2020 and is a highly respected business leader with diverse international experience, most recently holding executive positions at BP and ADNOC Distribution. He led ADNOC's IPO in 2018, the largest recent IPO of an entity that includes c-store operations, and has extensive experience in a number of areas that are highly relevant to EG Group's global business. lmraan joined EG Group in 2016. He qualified as a Solicitor in the City of London in 2003 and has been involved in negotiating and delivering legal and commercial advice on complex, frequently high-profile transactions around the world ever since. At EG Group, he plays a central role in all M&A activity and has broader responsibility for all Legal, Compliance and HESS functions. Prior to joining EG Group, he held roles at businesses of Orange SA and BT Group pie, and law firm, Ashurst LLP. lmraan is highlighted in the GC Powerlist 2021 as one of the UK's most influential in-house lawyers, and holds an LLB (Hons) in Law from the University of Lancaster and a Postgraduate Diploma in Legal Practice (PGDipL) from the College of Law.    GOVERNANCE The Group's ultimate parent, Optima Bidco (Jersey) Limited, is owned by Mohsin Issa and Zuber Issa, representing 25% of the shares each alongside funds managed by TDR Capital LLP, a leading international private equity firm, holding the remaining 50%. PURPOSE, STRATEGY AND CULTURE Our purpose is to make customers' lives easier by offering convenience in their travel, retail and foodservice choices. Our strategy focuses on four key areas: growth, innovation, network and foodservice. them site The Board provides leadership to the Group and is collectively responsible for the long-term, sustainable success of the business, crei:lting Vi:lluc for our shi:lreholders i:lnd wider stakeholder group. The discussions and decisions taken at Board level detailed on pi:lges 78 i:lnd 79 supplement the i:lchievement of our purpoze and strategy and are reflective of our values, details of which can be found on page 6. The implementation of these decisions is delegated to the Executive Directors and their Executive Management Team who are charged with embedding the values and culture throughout the business. Achievement of our strategy is underpinned by our talented, passionate and innovative people. We are committed to the development of our people, strengthening our leadership capabilities and enhancing employee performance. For further details around our People strategy please refer to the ESG section on pages 45 to 47. BUILDING A GOVERNANCE THAT IS FIT FOR PURPOSE FRAMEWORK In order to ensure that the Board makes the right decisions for the Company and its stakeholders, it is vital that we have good corporate governance in place. During 2021 we developed our governance framework with the appointment of a Non-Executive Chairman and independent Non-Executive Director and throughout 2022, we will continue to review and build up on our processes and systems. The Bo;ird iG primarily rci:;ponGiblc for ;;igrcoing i'lnd chi'lllcnging strategy, overseeing performance and ensuring appropriate financial processes and internal controls. To do this effectively, the Board established three non-executive-lead Committees - Nomination. Audit & Risk and Remuneration, each chaired by an independent Non-Executive Director. The roles and responsibilities of the Committees are set out in their Terms of Reference and further details around key decisions, achievements and priorities can be found in the Committee reports on pages 80 to 89. Whilst a number of activities and responsibilities have been delegated to the Committees, the Board maintains oversight and overall responsibility of key areas. which are detailed in the matters reserved. EG Group Holdings Limited I 2021 Annual 74 Report and In addition, a number of Executive Management Committees, or working groups, have been established to ensure effective information flows between the business, the Group's Co-CEOs and the Board. These include Senior and Country Leadership Meetings, the Executive Risk & Disclosure Committee, Health & Safety Committees, Works Councils and a Learning & Development Committee. A disciplined reporting structure ensures the Board is appropriately appraised on activities, opportunities and risks in order to provide strategic direction. The Group's General Counsel and Company Secretary provides regular updates in relation to changing regulatory, legislative and s:iovernance requirements. The Board keeps all aspects of corporate governance under review and will continue to develop in line with the Group. Composition Composition of the Board changed significantly during 2021 with the appointment of Lord Stuart Rose as Chairman of the Board and Dame Alison Carnwath an independent Non-Executive Director and Chairman of the Audit & Risk Committee. Stuart and Alison joined fellow independent Non-Executive Director John Carey, Non-Executive Directors and TDR Representatives Manjit Dale and Gary Lindsay and Executive Directors Mohsin Issa and Zuber Issa. Details of the Directors' biographies and committee membership can be found on pages 72 and 73 and details of all Directors' skills and backgrounds can be found on page 75. The current size, composition and diversity of the Board is sufficient for the size, scale and complexity of the Group and the skills and knowledge aligns with the growing diversity of the Group's portfolio and future strategic objectives. There is appropriate representation from the Group's ultimate shareholder and the addition of the independent Non-Executive Directors facilitates independence and constructive challenge. Induction During the first half of 2021, the newly appointed Non-Executive Directors undertook a detailed and tailored induction. Meetings were arranged virtually, due to COVID-19 travel restrictions, with the existing members of the Board, Executive Management and Country Management Teams. In-person meetings were held at the Group's head office and in the USA once permitted and teach-in sessions were arranged. Service agreements are in place for the Non-Executive detailing roles and responsibilities and expected time Directors commitment.    Skills The criteria for appointment focused on ensuring the Board had the appropriate balance of skills, knowledge, competence, diversity and independence. The workings and skills of the Board will remain under close review via the Nomination Committee (see page 80) to ensure any gaps are identified and resolved. Details of the Directors' knowledge and previous experience can be found in the table below. I , Independence ,•-· •• E) 0 0 QO ' i Investment Corporate & Private Equity •••oooo Retail & Food Services Oil & Gas ••••••o •••••oo Governance ••00000 Risk Management Audit & Risk Committee ... ,,.... -.,..-•----•••••----... -· Remuneration Committee ,...,.. -~-•-' Nomination Committee ••00000 r· Global Operations • E) 0 Q O ••00000, ••00000 O 0 •-.. •M---•-• .... 8 • '. '. Strategy I Development •••••• •• 0 '. Finance & Accounting 0 0 0 0 '. M&A ••••••o Roles and responsibilities The Group has clear lines of responsibility Management Teams. from shareholder to Board, Board to Co-CEOs and Co-CEOs to Executive and Country The Board, as a whole, is collectively executing strategy, responsible for promoting the long-term sustainable success of the Group and agreeing and There is a distinct for the effective implementation and defined division of responsibilities between the Chairman and the Co-CEOs. Whilst the Chairman is responsible workings of the Board, the Co-CEOs are responsible for the operational management of the business and for the of the agreed strategy by the Board and its shareholders. The Chairman is responsible for ensuring that all Directors accurate and relevant information. To ensure the Directors meetings. are properly briefed on issues and that they have full and timely access to fully discharge their duties, briefing papers are circulated in advance of all The Board delegates responsibility for the day-to-day operational management of the Company to the Group's Co-CEOs, who are supported by an Executive Management Team including the Group Chief Financial Officer, Group General Counsel and Company Secretary, Group Chief Information Officer, Group Chief Operating Officer and Group Commercial Director, in addition to Country Management Teams. During 2021 the Executive Management Team also consisted of a Group Chief Strategy Officer; this position has remained vacant since December 2021.    BUILDING A GOVERNANCE FRAMEWORK Roles and responsibilities continued CHAIRMAN leadership of the Board. Effective Maintains a culture of openness and transparency. Promotes effective contribution, and constructive challenge, debate AUDIT & RISK Independent assessment and oversight of the financial reporting processes and makes recommendation!:: to the Board around the integrity of the financial information. On behalf of the Board, oversees risk management ahd intern.ii controls. THAT IS FIT FOR PURPOSE CONTINUED The Board CO•CEOS Effective day-to-day management the Group and operations Ensure Board decisions implemented. are of INDEPENDENT NON-EXECUTIVES Insight and experience to the Board. Responsible for constructively challenging strategies, scrutinising performance and bringing independent thinking and judgement. Responsible for ensuring the Board is kept up to date on all matters regarding operations and reputation, Board Committees REMUNERATION Reviews remuneration stru~tures and packages for Executive Management. . Reviews workforce pay and conditions. Executive Management NOMINATION Reviews the size and composition of the Board, its Committees and Executive Management . Makes recommendations around gaps ide1,tified and apµui11t111e11Lsas necessary. R~views the Group's corporate yuverridnce arranqements as well as performance and effectiveness of the Board and its Committees. We have a number of mechanisms Management Teams and colleagues in place to ensure informution at EG. flows between the Board, Co-CEOs, Executive a11d Country • During 2021 an executive level Risk & Disclosure Committee was established, reporting to the Audit & Risk Committee. Meetings were scheduled on a quarterly b;isis aligned to the Group's financial reporting calendar, with ad hoc sessions arranged as necessary to review and validate the information being reported both internally and externally. In addition, A monthly weekly country leadership Senior Leadership Meeting calls are held with the Co-CEOs to discuss performance is convened to discuss any pertinent matters. and tra    ime commitments and independence Independent Non-Executive Directors are required to provide minimum time commitment which is stipulated in their service contracts; however, throughout 2021 and 2022 and due to the volatility of the markets, they continue to make themselves available at short notice to deal with matters as they arise. All Directors are required to report any external appointments the Group Company Secretary; a list of appointments is maintained by the Group Secretariat and reviewed annually. Stuart Rose, Alison Carnwath and John Carey were deemed independent on appointment. They assess, challenge and monitor the Executive Directors' delivery of strategy within the risk and governance framework agreed by the Board and, following advice and guidance from the Audit & Risk Committee, review the integrity of the Group's financial information. The Board therefore considers them to be independent in both character and judgement. a to As Executive Directors, co-founders and shareholders, and Zuber Issa, alongside TOR Representative Directors Dale and Gary Lindsay, are not deemed independent. Mohsin Issa Manjit Before all Board meetings, the Chairman directs Directors to confirm any conflict of interests and the Directors are required inform the Group Company Secretary of any conflicts of interest they arise. to as Details of related parties are monitored and reported to the Group's Financial Reporting Team. During 2021, a review of Directors' related parties was undertaken and an annual Director disclosure was completed. Following the year end, a review of the Group's conflicts of interest and related party processes has been undertaken and an updated policy has been approved. As reported transactions in the financial can be found statements, details of any related in note 37 on page 161 to 163. party Performance and evaluation The Directors can request advice at the Company's access to independent expense. and professional The Board has agreed to undertake an internally facilitated Board and Committee evaluation during H2 2022, supported by the Nomination Committee. The results and any action plans will be reported in the 2022 Annual Report and Financial Statements. ACTIVITIES DURING THE YEAR The Board held four formal meetings scheduled in each quarter; in addition, three ad hoc sessions were arranged, focused specifically on strategy, mergers and acquisitions ("M&A") and the FY22 budget. Regular dialogue is maintained between the Directors and Group Company Secretary and private offline sessions are held between the Non-Executive and Executive Management separately to ensure the Board is updated on developments. Agendas are prepared in conjunction with the Chairman, meetings and key decisions are minuted and actions are tracked and updates reported at the next meeting. Standing items include Committee updates, CEO, CFO, M&A and Health, Environment, Safety & Security ("HESS") updates. Deep dives into topic areas are agreed by the Board and Executive Management Team and include ESG, digital strategy and technology. During 2021 and as part of the Board's induction programme, a number of virtual strategic sessions were held, led by the Group's CSO in conjunction with external advisers and subject matter experts, to better understand market trends, opportunities for growth, potential risks and technological developments to ensure the strategic objectives of the business align with customers' existing and future needs.    KEY AREAS OF FOCUS STRATEGY CONTINUED RISK & INTERNAL CONTROLS M&A Market and competitors review Alternative fuels ESG Operations FINANCIAL PERFORMANCE Trading and business updates Quarterly results Budgets Risk management BIIC and ICFR SAP implementation External auditor HESS BOARD GOVERNANCE •••••••••••••• • Established Board Committees and reviewed and discussed activities during the year and key priorities Key policies and governance updates Legislative and regulatory updates ACTIVITIES AND DECISION-MAKING MATTERS CONSIDERED CO-CEO UPDATES CFO UPDATES AUDIT & AUDITOR KEY CDGrowth OUTCOME LINKS TO STRATEGY Overview of opportunities and challenges facing the different segments and regions provided at each meeting Overview of performance and trends. customer trends and preferences Updates around investment and organic growth including NTI sites Brand initiatives and strategic partnerships including Asda On the Move Overview of financial performance including revenue, EBITDA and cash flow Performance measured against prior quarters, years and budget Reforecasting and action planning Review and approval of Group Annual Report and Financial Statements for FY20 Review and approval of FY21 audit strategy and re-appointment of KPMG as external auditor for the period -    MATTERS CONSIDERED AD HOC FINANCIAL MATTERS M&A TECHNOLOGY HESS UPDATES LEGAL, GOVERNANCE COMPLIANCE MATTERS ESG OUTCOME LINKS TO STRATEGY Agreed Group and country budgets for FY21 and FY22 Review of liquidity, leverage and revolving credit facility Approval of termination of proposed Asda forecourts transaction redemption of $675m 6.5% Senior Secured Notes Approval of change of LIBOR to SONIA and • • Quarterly Approval Approval Approval following updates on potential acquisition of proprietary brand acquisitions of Sprint and Amsric acquisitions of divestment of sites to address the CMA resolution the shareholders' separate acquisition of Asda Review of risks and controls around technology and information opportunities of LEON and Cooplands agreed security Quarterly reports presented detailing HESS performance for country Group Approved expenditure for implementation of software to facilitate improvements regarding reporting and the granularity of data and & Approval of Committees and membership Updates from the Committee Chairmen and from the Group's General Counsel on material contracts and agreements including purchase of financial assets in January 2021 Review of minimum volume commitments across fuel supply contracts Review and approval of enhanced risk management framework and Group risk register Approval of appointment of Head of ESG and Sustainability Deep dive into ESG initiatives and strategy PRIORITIES FOR 2022 The Board held an in-person during 2022 include: annual strategy and planning session at the start of 2022. Key priorities and areas of focus for the Board Continue to closely monitor the performance of the Group, segments and industry factors Determination of Group strategy with particular focus around alternative fuels Review and consider the Group's refinancing strategy Development of ESG strategy including Director training, development of carbon targets EG's digital strategy and technology Continue to develop the governance framework and associated policies and procedures In conjunction with the Nomination Committee, agree succession planning in relation to Executive Undertake a Board and Committee evaluation and implement any agreed action plans as a result of the geopolitical and macroeconomic and a published Sustainability Report Management and key personnel    NOMINATION COMMITTEE REPORT i ,j i I I ! I I I Lord Stuart Rose --- J Chairman of the Nomination Committee COMMITTEE ATTENDANCE Committee members 2021 COMPOSITION AND ACTIVITIES DURING 2021 Board and Committee composition and effectiveness Meetings attended During 2021, the composition of the Board changed significantly with the appointment of Lord Stuart Rose and Dame Alison Carnwath as independent Non-Executive Directors, following the appointment of John Carey in November 2020. Stuart Alison John Rose (Chairman) Carnwath • • • Carey The appointments of independence to Board meetings and effective. Meetings of Stuart, Alison and John brought a level to deliberations and constructive challenge to ensure the Board remains balanced All other Directors are invited and expected to attend; however, they are not members and do not form a quorum. In addition, the Group General Counsel and Company Secretary supports th" Ch~in11o1nto prepar,;i the a0enda&, attend .ind minuto th.i meetings. In accordance with the Term~ of Reference, the: Committee is required to meet at least twice yearly; ad hoc meetings may be called at tl,e request of the Chairman as requ1red. RESPONSIBILITIES • Board·,md Committee composition and effectiveness The Committee review~ the compo3ition of the Ooerd end its Committees to ensure effective leadership and long-term success. Ensures the Board and committees have the ;appropriate balance of skills, knowledge and diversity. identifies and eva!uates candida\e~ as required. for fv\vre .ii;,i;,ointments In May 2021, the Board established three supporting Committees, Audit & Risk, Nomination and Remuneration. The roles and rP,ponsihilities of each CommittP." ;;ir., cle!;!rly set out in tho Committees' Terms of Reference. Whilst the Nomination Committee is required by it~ Terms of Reference to meet twice a year, due to timings, only one meeting was held during 2021, with the purpose of reviewing ahd confirming the Board and Committee composition and the corporate governance arrangements of the Group. A subsequent meeting was held following the year end where a more in-deplh review of tho corporate govern.mac umrngements against the Wates Principles took place, The composition of the Board and Committees, as well as the skills, backgrounds and diversity of the Directors, was also reviewed. Areas of development and key priorities were also agreed. Balance of skills, background and diversity Succession The Committee is responsible for ensuring a pipeline of talent for the Board and li:xcc:utiv<.!M;:m~9oment Team to support succession. Governance The Committee is responsible satisfies the required standards for ensuring of corporate the Group governance. EG Group Holdings Limited I 2021 Annual Report and Having reviewed the members of the Board and its Committees alongside the balance, skills, backgrounds and diversity of the Directors, the Committee believes the current composition is reflective of the size, scale and complexity of the business and olign;; with growing diver~ity uf tile G; uuµ•~ µurlfoliu a rod fulure strategic objectives. Alongside benefits diversity the Board, the Committee continues to champion of diver5ity, whP.thter it be religious, ethnic or gender and the current composition is reflective of this.    E BOARD AND COMMITTEE DASHBOARD INDEPENDENCE Training and development GENDER DIVERSITY 3 Independent 4 Non-independent 1 Female 6 Male 3 white British 1 other white background 3BAME All Directors can request further information and support in order to fulfil their individual and collective duties, During 2021 a number of strategic sessions lead by internal and external advisers were held with the Board to review strategy, understand key markets, opportunities and risks, One-on-one sessions were held between the Non-Executive Directors and the Co-CEOs as well as Executive Management Team, including the CFO, Group General Counsel and Company Secretary and Head of HR to ensure a consistent and timely dialogue outside of the boardroom, Time commitment Time commitments for the independent Non-Executive were agreed at appointment and are set out in writing their service agreements. Directors as part of A list of Directors' external directorships is maintained by the Group Secretariat Team and is reviewed annually by the Board. Directors are required to inform the Company Secretary and the Board of any external appointments, Evaluation The Committee agreed that during H2 2022 an anonymised, internally facilitated Board and Committee evaluation will be held. The results and any agreed actions will be presented to the Committee in November 2022 and detailed in the FY22 Annual Report and Financial Statements. LEADERSHIP AND SUCCESSION The Executive Management Team consists of the most senior leaders, business unit and functional leads from across the business and supports the Co-CEOs in the implementation and delivery of the Group's strategy as set by the Board. During 2021, the Executive Management Team consisted of the Group Strategy Officer, Group Chief Financial Officer, Group General Coun~cl and Comp;:iny SG!Grctary, Group Chiof Information Officer, Group Chief Operations Director and Group Commercial Director. Throughout 2022, the Nomination Committee will continue to support the Board and the Company in reviewing the Group's Executive Management Team to ensure delivery of the Group's strategy and objectives. GOVERNANCE Directors' conflicts of interest will be reported annually to the Nomination Committee to ensure any conflicts are considered as part of the Directors' independence assessment and will take place simultaneously as part of the Board and Committee evaluation process scheduled for H2 2022. Following the year end, a review of the Group's corporate governance arrangements took place. As a large private business, the Group applies the Wates Principles of Corporate Governance. Details of EG's application can be found throughout this governance section of the Annual Report and Financial Statements. A signpost to various sections can be found on page 71. Given EG's size and scale, the Board and the Committee are mindful of additional corporate governance requirements that apply to our suppliers, investors and competitors. The Committee ensures that Directors are made aware of best practices as well as developments in the corporate governance arena. 2022 PRIORITIES A key area of focus during 2022 is to ensure appropriate succession plans and talent pipelines are in place for key roles across the business • Undertake a Board and Committee evaluation and agree an action plan for 2023 Continue to review and monitor developments across the governance agenda and the impact on EG and ensure the Group's governance arrangements are appropriate, proportionate and reflective of best practice Q /\. Lord Stuart Rose Chairman of the Nomination Committee    AUJ[Q)~u~ IR<~~rr{ <e©MM~u1r~~ ~~rPo~u c;:nrr;~~'u®~3:k133~~ ~~aill!)~~ ~®filltn:I!]La6.\ ~~~f;IlijW~'ij(Il:§ ~~ @13'ij@~ufll; ~'ij@ ~'00!:!@IM@~ aill!)~~•¼1S@@ ~ ~ /.:R@~~'ul.lM§~ '™ Dam~ Alison Carnwath Chairman of the Audit & Risk Committee I am pleased to present the Audit & Risk Committee (the 'Committee') report for the period ended December 31, 2021. Following my appointment to EG, the Committee was established TJ:T1:IiFW:F !rWU!irF!tTPifw@ ~~(Jil;t;Oae,t=l,[J CXXXXX) CXXXXX) 2021 saw the continued development of EG's governance framework. This report sets out how the Committee has supported the Group in achieving its objectives in this area and how it has supported the Board in providing regular oversight and assurance. -~~~(Ji@~~ o (~fkif:i<311ii11A-,F.1jJ::)~001•l•i fll@o@lil ~ <!11 ID@~ ID:@~~~~- •®iilM•0IGG ml!l.i!JjDibliaa@m@l (J.e~~GJml®'•l•#-1-1¥>~ b~rdl~~~~~ IJ'iriO!IWi@~~·~ ~@iiiiJi:i11R§Ii ~fcJ:'@i)iE-iJ.f@!® ~\Di:;)~~~.~ ~1ll:@lilie•il~ ~ ~•@•il!l•X#lil#b F.,:ml 0 C=tmimO~Q ~tfu!l~ri!JWl!l~Gl!ISID-~--·=·=""' o llillll:ml1I  ~ ~ tmifl!ftl!!1ppt§jpfif-jfj111318<=>'lTu§J~ (;1!£j~(im;>~ijj)lll:@~-®m41•1•1iot§li1l fi1i~~~ GWl1il!lli\iilititl;1,lul:;li0 fi"i0 11 =!8•® -~ ~ ,am},;11-1-1:J-i-iJ1i!l•D ~~~ i!ii~ o ~6!I:JB.:a~U)GJiGl~~@!!,111••11Di& ~ID:@@m!J:)wDlJ~l.fi@~r!l) l!mi~~~i5~\YJ[G)Wl9~~ ~ ©J~ Ill~@~@(U(sl ~{l!)~~&>Glidi~~ ijj)~ Looking ahead to 2022, the Committee will continue to assess the macroeconomic factors which may impact the Group's operations as well as the evolving legislative and regulatorv landscape Including the UK Government's Avdit Reform Progr;imm,;,. Further details regardin~ the Committee's prinrities can be found on pages 86. AUDIT & RISK COMMITTEE GOVERNANCE Compo~ilion The Committee comprises Non-Executive John Carey alongside myself. Directors including As a Chartered Accountant, I haVf, extensive and relevant financial experience having served as a member and c.hairman of other audit committees and am able to provide the appropriate level of challenge to management. The Committee as a whole has competence relevant to the sector in which the Gr01,1J;1operates. 1--urther details ot the Directors' experience and skills can be found on page 75. The remaining Dir'i!ctor~. including the Chai, irnm or the Board, though invited to attend are not mPmhers ;,nrl ~heroforo de not count as quorum. Composition is therefore in line with and is appropriate for the needs of the business.    Meetings The Committee's objectives and requirements as detailed in the Terms of Reference were mapped out for 2021 and a schedule of activity was prepared. Reporting responsibilities and timelines were clearly defined from the outset and the schedule was reviewed and updated following the year end for the activities relating to 2022. The Committee is required to meet at least quarterly and meetings are aligned to the Group's financial reporting activities. Agendas are prepared based on the schedule of activity and, in conjunction with the CFO and the Committee Chairman, time is allocated to each agenda item and allowance is made for any additional matters that arise. Updates are prepared and presented by management in relation to quarterly financial results prior to publication. The Committee also receives regular updates on internal controls, risk management, governance and compliance, as well as updates from the external auditor relating to the audit process. Additional meetings were arranged covering the Group's key accounting policies and judgements and preliminary and year-end audit processes in preparation for approval of the 2020 Annual Report and Financial Statements. Minutes are taken of all meetings and actions tracked, reviewed and approved at the subsequent meeting. which are Performance and evaluation Following the 2021 year end, a gap analysis was undertaken against the Committee's Terms of Reference; the outcome and an action plan were reported to the Committee in February 2022 and key priorities agreed, including a thorough review of the audit timetable, which continues to be a key priority for the Committee and the Company. The period from December 31, 2021 to the publication of the Annual Report and Financial Statements was shortened from the prior year and the Committee continues to support management to achieve a more normalised reporting timetable for FY22. The action plan helped formulate activity and updates are reported track progress. the Committee's at each quarterly schedule meeting of to A Committee evaluation will be undertaken during H2 2022 and the actions and progress will be reported in the 2022 Annual Report and Financial Statements. ACTIVITIES DURING 2021 Financial statements and statutory reporting During 2021, an Executive Risk and Disclosure Committee was established to ensure the Company satisfies its disclosure obligations. The Executive Risk & Disclosure Committee meets at least quarterly to review the Group's quarterly financial results and the Annual Report and Financial Statements. Ad hoc meetings are arranged as needed to review press releases and statements prior to circulation to the Audit and Risk Committee or the Board. Following review by the Executive Risk & Disclosure Committee the Group's quarterly results and investor presentations were reviewed by the Committee to assure the accuracy of the disclosures prior to release. Management's analysis and accounting considerations were also provided to support the Committee in its review. In October 2021, the Committee that the Board approve the 2020 Statements. reviewed Annual and recommended Report and Financial In addition, the Committee has considered this Annual Report and Financial Statements for 2021 and is satisfied that the conclusions and related disclosures are appropriate. The Committee has recommended to the Board that the Annual Report and Financial Statements for 2021 is a fair, balanced and understandable assessment of the Company's position and prospects. In reviewing the Annual Report and Financial Statements, the Committee has considered reports from management on accounting policies and key judgements and assessed the suitability and reasonableness of these. The following table highlights the most significant issues/judgements considered by the Committee.    AUDIT & RISK COMMITTEE REPORT CONTINUED ACTIVITIES DURING 2021 CONTINUED Financial statements and statutory reporting continued The areas of focus and actions taken by the Committee in relation to the 2021 Annual Report and Financial Statements are outlined below. The Committee was satisfied in each case with the accounting and the related disclosure in the financial statements and recommended that the Board approve the matter. SIGNIFICANT MATTERS FINANCIAL CONSIDERATIONS GOING CONCERN E) See Going concern note 1 on page 102 IMPAIRMENT OF GOODWILL within E) See note 15, Goodwill The Committee reviewed and challenged management's assessment of forecast cash flows in the Going Concern Assessment Period, including sensitivity to trading performance and the potential impact of uncertainties including those resulting from macroeconomic and geopolitical factors. These forecasts also considered the ability of the Group to service its financing comply with its relevant covenants. The Committee reviewed the assumptions the Group as a Going Concern. with management and are satisfied facilities and to that they support The Committee also considered the disclosures including those relating to the potential strategic relating options to Going Concern assumption, being considered by the Directors. The Committee reviewed and challenged management's impairment testing particular in relation to the Australia and Benelux Groups of Cash Generating of goodwill, in Units (CG Us). on page 120 The Committee considered the methodology and key assumptions for the adopted fair value approach in order to conclude on the appropriateness of the impairment losses recognised, which consisted of a $100m impairment for the Australia Group of CGUs for 2021 (2020: nil). This included challenging the independent third-party valuation multiples against the latest known market information. Given the impairment reviewed the related The Audit impairment in particubr Committee indicators di5count in Australia incremental and the low headroom disclosures. in Benelux, the Committee also IMPAIRMENT OF PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT ("PPE") AND RIGHT OF USE ("ROU") ASSETS E) See Impairment of PPE and Intangibles within key sources of estimation uncertainty in note 4, on page 113 ACQUISITION ACCOUNTING E) See note 35, Business Combinations 155 to 161 on pages EXCEPTIONAL ITEMS E) See note 5, Exceptional Items on pages 114 and 115 RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS E) See note 37, Related Party Transactions on page 161 to 163 Limited I 2021 Annual 84 EG Group Holdings reviewed management's impairrnent conc.:lusions relating to site level for PPE and RoU assets, which included challenge of key judgements, r;:itcs ;:ind the estimated future cash flows. The Committee noted the impairment the related disclosure. charge for the year of $178m (2020: $25m) and reviewed There have been six acquisitions in the year. Management have engaged valuation specialists where required to support on the purchase price accounting and other key judgements made as part of this exercise and a summary of the proposed accounting was presented to the Committee. The Audit Committee reviewed the accounting treatment and disclosures, IFRS 3 Business Combinations in relation to these acquisitions. and the application of The Committee considered the presentation of the Group's financial statements and the appropriateness of the presentation of exceptional items. The Committee reviewed the nature of the adjusting items identified and concurred with management that the treatment was clear, balanced and consistently applied across years. The Committee also considered the presentation of Alternative Performance Mc;:isures ('"APMs") including Adjusted CBITDA throughout thb reporl and whether this enables a clear and fair understanding of performance. The Group has entered into a number of transactions in the year, including those between Topco Limited and its subsidiaries following the Shareholders separate acquisition of Asda Supermarkets Limited, which completed in February 2021. Bellis The Audit Committee reviewed the related party disclosure in the financial statements. The Audit Committee satisfied themselves that there were no additional related parties that had not already been identified nor related party transactions that had not been adequately disclosed.    External auditor Following the Committee's establishment in May 2021, the Committee reviewed the scope of the FY20 audit and quarterly reports were presented at each meeting from the external auditor as to the progress of the FY20 audit, key risks and challenges. Following approval of the Group's 2020 Annual Report and Financial Statements, KPMG have presented their management letter detailing their findings from the FY20 audit, FY21 audit and strategy including their initial assessment of risks, scoping materiality. Following a detailed review of the audit strategy, KPMG's independence assessment and management's response the representation letter, the Committee recommended that the Board re-appoint KPMG LLP for the FY21 audit. plan and to FY21 audit fees have been agreed on a comparable basis and are expected to reduce in future years following the implementation of the Internal Controls over Financial Reporting and Business Improvement and Internal Controls programme. KPMG did not undertake any non-audit services on behalf of the Group during FY21. However. the Company engaged PwC LLP on matters relating to purchase price allocation, new acquisitions and valuations and engaged EY LLP in relation to the design and development of the internal controls programme. Following the conclusion of the FY21 audit and publication of the Group's Annual Report and Financial Statements, the Committee will undertake an effectiveness review of the audit process and will prepare an update for the Board in relation to the outcome and associated actions. The Group was informed that the UK Financial Reporting Council's Audit Quality Review ("'AQR") Team would review the FY20 audit undertaken by KPMG. The key findings of the report will be presented to the Committee once available. The Committee Chairman audit matters with regular scheduled meetings, with honest dialogue. and external auditor work closely on all discussions taking place outside of the communications based on open and INTERNAL We continue framework, Committee key priority and 2023. CONTROLS AND RISK MANAGEMENT to develop our internal controls and risk management whilst significant progress has been made to date, the is aware there is still more work to be done. This is a for the business and the Committee throughout 2022 Internal controls of financial reporting The Committee continues to oversee the Group's design, development and implementation of financial controls. Both the previous auditor Deloitte LLP and current auditor KPMG do not place reliance upon internal controls over financial reporting in undertaking their statutory audits of the Group and as such the Committee has a clear objective for the Group to improve the financial processes. internal controls and documentation of controls. During 2021 a dedicated Business Improvement and Internal Controls programme was established and quarterly reports were and continue to be presented to the Committee to track progress and identify potential risks in advance. This programme is focused on reviewing and implementing further improvements to financial processes and internal controls to ensure that the Group has high quality Internal Controls over Financial Reporting processes. This work is being undertaken in conjunction with the implementation of a common finance ERP across the Group with common reporting protocols including standardized global charts of account and reporting structures. The Committee expects to see significant progress in these areas in 2022 and 2023. Technology and information security controls A key focus for the Committee during 2021 related to technology and information security controls. Reliable, available and secure technology services and applications underpin the delivery of our operations to achieve our strategic objectives. The Group's Chief Information Officer attended all Committee meetings to ensure the Committee was kept up to date with any developments, risks and opportunities. Following presented to monitor the year end, strategic priorities for technology to the Board and the Committee will continue progress in line with the plan during 2022.    AUDIT & RISK COMMITTEE REPORT CONTINUED INTERNAL CONTROLS & RISK MANAGEMENT CONTINUED Risk management During the year, the Committee reviewed and considered the Group's risk management framework and processes. A Group-level prinGip;:,I ri:;I< regi::;ter ;:ind high-level risk nppetite statements were reviewed prior to Board approval to ensure alignment of the risk framework. Risks have been categorised into key areas with executive sponsors and risk owners assigned. f;Y22 will sec the continued rollout of the Group's risk framework and to align risk activities from a top-down and bottom-up approach. For further information regarding the Group's risk framework and principal risks, please refer to pages 51 to 61. Internal audit During 2021, the Group's Internal Audit team reprioritised its focus on actions across core financial processes and internal improvement areas. These activities are designed to implement common processes and controls ;:,cross all countrie::; in the Group. As the Group continues to evolve its Internal Controls over Financial Reporting, the Committee will re-instigate regular internal audit reviews of these processes and controls to ensure there is an adequate third line of defence. PRIORITIES FOR 2022 A key priority for 2022 for the Committee will be to support the Group to improve the efficiency and effectiveness of the audit and statutory reporting timeframes and the Group intend:; to publish its 2022 Annual Report and Accounts within a more normalised timeframe. This will be supported by continued momentum from the Group's Financial Controls Implementation Programme and tracking of progress will continue to be reviewed and challenged by the Committee throughout 2022. In addition, following the extensive Business Improvement process and Internal Controls programme activities during 2021 and 2022, the Committee will support management to establish an appropriate internal audit function that will be operational in 2023. Also during 2022, the Committee will review management's refinancing strategy, in light of the Group's maturing term loans and secured notes in 2024 and 2025.    REMUNERATION COMMITTEE REPORT WE ARE COMMITTED TO DEVELOPING A SUSTAINABLE APPROACH TO REMUNERATION THAT ATTRACTS, RETAINS AND INCENTIVISES OUR COLLEAGUES t L John Carey ___ j Chairman of the Remuneration Committee COMPOSITION Committee members 2021 John Carey Stuart Rose Alison Carnwath AND ATTENDANCE As Chairman of the Remuneration Committee, present the Remuneration Committee report year ended December 31, 2021 . I am pleased for the financial to Meetings attended ••• ••• ••• During 2021 the Committee has supported \he i;lCCfldtive Directors and management to establish a simple, pragmatic and transparent pay structure across all our markets that attracts, retains and incentivises our colleagues to deliver the strategic objectives of the Group. ROLES AND RESPONSIBILITIES The purpose of the Committee is to work with the Group's Co-CEOs and Executive Management to harmonise and rl,;>velop a Group-wide, sustainable approach to remuneration that attracts, retains and incentivises key personnel across EG, to deliver tne Groui:,·~ ~t1·;,tcgic objective~ and is aligned with shareholder interests. This includes: Proposing appropriate remuneration structures, ensuring the performance criteria are fair and rewarding of successful performance and are suffici<=ntly ualdllu=tl tu i11clude financial and non-financial KPls Ensuring there is consideration of the need for clarity, simplicity, risk, mitigation, proportionality and cultures in all proposed structures Keeping sufficiently aware and up to date regarding remuneration in other companies of similar size and scale as well as changes in laws and regulations Ensuring appropriate given to, workforce with best practice reviews of, and that consideration pay and policies to ensure alignment is The team delivered strong financial results despite a continuing global pandemic impacting on our operations and requiring increased investment to keep our colleagues and customers safe, as well as labour and supply chain shortages, particularly across the retail sector. 2022 will see continuing challenges as a result of increased inflation and the rising cost of living. further exacerbated by the conflict in Ukraine. REMUNERATION Meetings ACllVITIES REPORT During the year the Committee held three virtual meetings in quarters two, three and four. Meetings will increase to four during 2022 in line with the Committee's Terms of Reference, All Directors are invited to attend but do not count as quorum, To ensure the global needs of our colleagues are considered, representatives from the UK & Europe, Australia and USA HR teams attend the meetings on a bi-annual basis to provide updates on labour market trends, retention and initiatives.    REMUNERATION COMMITTEE REPORT REMUNERATION ACTIVITIES REPORT CONTINUED Key decisions and achievements AREA OUTCOME CONTINUED PAY STRUCTURES ANNUAL PAY RISE AND BONUSES MINIMUM WAGE EXECUTIVE BENCHMARKING ENGAGEMENT SURVEY UK GENDER PAY During the year, the Committee prioritised the introduction of a performance related, consistent and transparent pay structure to incentivise key personnel. A proposal was approved by the Committee which established both a long and short-term incentive plan ("LTIPS" and "STIPs"), which will provide a foundation for a consistent and standardised reward mechanism in all regions, with a key focus on retention. LTIP schemes were developed to drive long~term growth in the business whilst retaining key leadership, with participants identified from around the business and categorised according to levels of strategic influence and control. Performance metrics were also agreed for STIP, and cover both financial and non-financial KPls and ·delivery of personal objectives. This includes all UK head office/shared service colleagues and above store leaders, with a view to rolling out similar mechanisms in Continental Europe. Details of the LTIP and STIP performance metrics and weightings can be found on page 89. • In December, the Committee approved an annual pay rise across the Group: In addition, and in lieu of the STIP arrangements, annual bonuses were awarded for FY21 which will be paid in H2 2022. . . . . Workforce pay arid conditions is a key responsibility of the Committee .•ln the UK, ·EG's minimum wage was increased to 9.S0p in October 2021 for all UK employees over 18. This was further increased to 10.0Sp in April 2022. A UK salary benchmarking exercise was undertaken against Merca and the outcome reported Committee to ensure pay is competitive and reflective of job roles. The Committee approved additional expenditure for the salary benchmarking exercise to be rolled out across our other markets. to the During Q4 an inaugural global engagement survey was rolled out. Workshops and feedback sessions have been held with teams in order to disseminate the information across the Group. Results were reported to the Committee during 2022 and key areas were identified and prioritised. A half-yearly update on progress will be reported to the Committee in September 2022 and the engagement survey will be repeated in December 2022. The UK's gender pay gap report was presented to the Committee. Further details can be found via the following link on our website https://www.eg.group/media/l4xncwtw/gender-pay-gap-statement.pdf?culture=en    FY21 BONUSES STIPs LTIPs ..... Awarded December 2021 To be awarded 2022 December Financial Company 50% Awarded KPI - Group & EBITDA December 2021 Non-Financial - Company KPI including ESG carbon reduction target 25% Three-year vesting period EG Group Holdings Limited I 2021 Annual Non-Financial Performance 20% - P~rsonal ••••• Payable April 2025 GOVERNANCE Following the year end, a gap analysis against the Committee's Terms of Reference was conducted, and the outcome and associated actions were reported at the following Committee meeting. The actions were used to formulate a schedule of activity and agree deadlines for various work streams. PRIORITIES FOR 2022 Schedule for FY23 Establish pay reviews for the Board and Executive Directors a process for half-yearly reporting to LTIP participants Develop KPls and standard reporting dashboard all Committee meetings detailing staff turnover, engagement etc to present at retention,    The Directors present their Annual Report on the affairs of the Group, together with the fin.:rnciol GtotementG ond ouditor'G report, for the year ended December 31, 2021. RESEARCH AND DEVELOPMENT The Group is committed to undertaking research and development activities with regard to the markets and sectors in which the business operates, particularly in relation to alternative fuels as well as our digital offerings to continue to provide best-in-class services to our customers. BUSINESS REVIEW, POST-BALANCE SHEET EVENTS AND FUTURE DEVELOPMENTS /\ review of the finoncio I performonce of the Group during the year is included in the strategic report. Details of significant events since the balance sheet date are contained in note 36 to the financial statements. An indication of likely future developments in the business of the Company is included in the strategic report. FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT Information relating to the principal risks and uncertainties of the Group has been included within the strategic report. Further information relating to the financial risks of the Group has been included in note 34. OWNERSHIP The ultimate parent Company of EG Group Holdings Limited is Optima Bidco (Jersey) Limited, a company incorporated in Jersey, that is 25% owned by Mohsin Issa, 25% owned by Zuber Issa and 50% owned by funds managed by TOR Capital LLP. DIRECTORS The Directors who held office during the year were as follows: Zuber Vali Issa Mohsin Issa Stuart Rose Alison Carnwath John Carey Gary Lindsay Manjit Dale The Company's Articles of Association provide for the indemnification of its Directors to the extent permitted by the Companies Act 2006 and other applicable legislation, out of the assets of the Company, in the event that they incur certain expenses in connection with the execution of their duties. In addition, and in common with many other companies, the Company has directors' and officers' liability insurance, in respect of aertoin lo.sGeGor li:ibilitieG to which officerG of tho Com pony moy be exposed in the discharge of their duties. PROPOSED DIVIDEND The Directors are not proposing to recommend a dividend from the Company in respect of the financial year ended December 31, 2021 (2020: $nil). No dividends were paid to shareholders from the Company during the year ended December 31, 2021 (2020: $nil). CAPITAL STRUCTURE Details of the issued share capital, together with details of the movements in the Company's issued shares during the year, are shown in note 28. The Company has one class of ordinary shares which carry no right to fixed income. Each share carries the right to one vote at a general meeting of the Company. The percentage of the issued nominal value of the ordinary shares is 100% of the total issued nominal value of all share capital. No person has any special rights of control share capital and all issued shares are fully over the Company's paid. GOING CONCERN The Directors have a reasonable expectation that the Company and the Group havP. adP.qu;itP. rP.sourc:P.sto c:ontinttP. in opP.r;ition;il existence for the foreseeable future. In their consideration of going concern, the Directors have reviewed the Group's future cash flow forecasts and profit projections, on both a base case and sensitised basis, considering the principal risks and uncertainties of the Group. These forecasts have been prepared based on market data, past experience, expected trading on newly acquired businesses and reflect the impact from COVID-19 on trading activity and liquidity. The Directors have reviewed these forecasts and have also considered sensitivities in respect of potential downside scenarios and the mitigating actions available to the Group. Under all scenarios, there was sufficient headroom on covenants and cash headroom. Accordingly, the Directors continue to adopt the going concern basis of accounting in preparing the financial statements. Further details regarding the adoption can be found in note 1 in the financial of the going concern statements. basis EMPLOYEE ENGAGEMENT We are committed to the investment of our employees at all levels. Further information on our workforce policies, including disability and diversity and inclusion as well as how we engage with our employees, is detailed in our ESG statement on pages 38 to 50 and our Section 172 statement on pages 16 to 19.    ENGAGEMENT WITH SUPPLIERS, CUSTOMERS AND OTHERS IN A BUSINESS RELATIONSHIP WITH THE COMPANY Suppliers and customers are key stakeholders of the Group; details of our arrangements as well as other business relationships can be found in the strategic report. Details of how we engage with our key stakeholders, decisions taken during 2021 and the impact of these decisions on our key stakeholder groups can be found in our Section 172 statement on pages 16 to 19. STATEMENT OF CORPORATE GOVERNANCE ARRANGEMENTS Throughout the year the Group has applied the Wates Principles Corporate Governance. A statement on the Group's compliance with the principles can be found on page 71. of GREENHOUSE GAS EMISSIONS AND ENERGY CONSUMPTION We comply with all relevant environmental legislation and have clear objectives to reduce energy consumption and waste production. Details of our carbon reporting are set out in the ESG report on pages 41 and 42. POLITICAL CONTRIBUTIONS Neither the Company donations or incurred and prior year. nor any of its subsidiaries any political expenditure made any political during the current GUIDELINES FOR DISCLOSURE AND TRANSPARENCY IN PRIVATE EQUITY The Directors consider that the Annual Report and Financial Statements comply with all aspects of the Guidelines for Disclosure and Transparency in Private Equity. STRATEGIC REPORT The Directors confirm that, to the best of their knowledge, the strategic report includes a fair review of the development and performance of the business and the position of the Group and Company, together with a description of the principal risks and uncertainties that they face. DISCLOSURE OF INFORMATION TO AUDITOR Each of the persons who is a Director this Annual Report confirms that: at the date of approval of So far as the Director information of which is aware, there is no relevant audit the Company's auditor is unaware The Director has taken all steps that he ought to have taken as a Director in order to make himself aware of any relevant audit information and to establish that the Company's auditor is aware of that information This confirmation is given and should be interpreted in accordance with the provisions of Section 418 of the Companies Act 2006.    DIRECTORS' RESPONSIBILITIES STATEMENT The Directors are responsible for keeping adequate accounting The Directors are responsible for preparing the Annual Report, in records that are sufficient to show and explain the Company's strategic report, the Directors' report and financial statements transactions and disclose with reasonable accuracy at any time the accordance with applicable law and regulations. in financial position of the Company and enable them to ensure that Company law requires the Directors to prepare financial its financial statements comply with the Companies Act 2006. statements for each financial year. Under that law the Directors They are responsible for such internal control as they determine is have elected to prepare the Group financial statements in accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards necessary to enable the preparation of financial statements that are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error, ("IFRSs") as adopted by the European Union and the parent t1nd huve general responsibility for taking such steps as are Company financial statements in accordance with United Kingdom reasonably open to them to safeguard the assets of the Group and Generally Accepted Accounting Practice (United Kingdom to prevent and detect fraud and other irregularities. Accounting Standards and applicable law), including FRS 101 'Reduced Disclosure Framework'. The Directors are responsible for the maintenance and integrity of Under company Jaw the Directors must not approve the financial the corporate and financial information included on the Company's statements unless they are satisfied that they give a true and fair website. Legislation in the UK governing the preparation and view of the state of affairs of the Company and of the profit or loss dissemination of financial statements may differ from legislation in of the Company for that period. other jurisdif.f tions. In preparing the Group and parent Company financial statements, the Directors the Group and parent are required to: Company financial statements, / Select suitable accounting policies and then apply them consistently Make judgements and estimates that are reasonable, relevant, reliable and prudent For the Group financial statements, state whether they have been prepared in accordance with international accounting standards in conformity with the requirements of the Companies Act 2006 For the parent Company financial statements, state whether applicable UK accounting standards have been followed, subject to any material departures disclosed and explained in the financial statements Assess the Group and parent Company's ability to continue as a going concern, disclosing, as applicable, matters related to going concern in as a Use the going concern basis of accounting unless they either intend to liquidate the Group or the parent Company or to cease operations, or have no realistic alternative but to do so STATEM
