   CORPORATEGOVERNANCE- FINANCIALREPORTING The Company has in place internal control and risk management systems in relation to the Company's financial reporting process and the process for preparation of financial accounts. These systems include policies and procedures that pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect transactions and dispositions of assets; provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit the preparation of financial statements in accordance with UK GAAP; require representatives of the businesses to clarify that their reported information gives a true and fair view of the state of affairs of the business and its results for the period; and review and reconcile reported data. Wates Corporate Governance Principles In the prior period, under The Companies (Miscellaneous Reporting) Regulations 2018, the Company applied the Wates Corporate Governance Principles for Large Private Companies ("the Principles"). Set out below is how the board has applied the Principles in the current period (and during the 30 weeks from 3 March 2020 to 27 September 2020 following the acquisition of the Company). Principle 1 - Leadership and Purpose The purpose of the Company and wider Group is to own and operate pubs and venues that are at the heart of the local community. The strategic objective of the Company is to optimise value creation for every asset in our portfolio through our Publican Partnership, group Managed and Commercial Properties operating models. The Company's vision is underpinned by the following values: • We have Fun - we take pride and enjoy what we do; we celebrate success and recognise achievements; we go out of our way to make sure customers and teams have a great time and fun never compromises our safe and legal responsibility. • We invest Wisely - We spend the Company's money like it's our own; we keep looking for smarter and more efficient ways of doing things; we effectively plan and prepare, and we invest our time and money in developing talent. • Raring to Go - We hit the ground running; we are willing to get involved; we commit to doing our best every day and we are adaptable and see change as an opportunity.    Wates Corporate Governance Principles (continued) Principle 1- Leadership and Purpose (continued) • We are Straightforward - We keep things simple and do not over complicate; we do what we say we are going to do; we are open and honest with each other and we approach challenges with solutions in mind. • We're One Team - We treat each other with respect; we develop ourselves and our teams; we share great ideas and we take responsibility for our actions. The key focus of the board and executive management throughout the period has been: • to integrate the Company into the Stonegate Group following the acquisition of the Company by Leased and Tenanted Pubs 1 Limited (previously_known as Stonegate Pub Company Bidco Limited) on 3 March 2020 • to manage the impact of the Covid-19 pandemic on the Company and wider Group's business, for further information on how this has been achieved see section 'Directors Duties under Section 172 of the Companies Act 2006' in the Strategic Report. Principle 2 - Board Composition The Board members collectively hold a balanced range of skills and expertise and work together effectively to deliver the Company's strategy: Ian Payne MBE (Chairman of Stonegate Pub Company) Ian, an accomplished expert in the licensed leisure sector, has held Board positions with Bass Taverns, Stakis pie. and Ladbrokes gaming. He was CEOof the Laurel Pub Company from its inception in May 2001 through to December 2004 and later Chairman of Bay Restaurant Group Limited and Town and City Pub Group Limited prior to the formation of Stonegate Pub Company Limited in November 2010. Ian started his career in the trade behind the bar of a local pub more than 35 years ago. Simon Longbottom (Chief Executive Officer of Stonegate Pub Company) Simon has spent much of his career within the licensed industry. Prior to joining Stonegate Simon was a managing director of Pub Partners, a division of Greene King, as well as a managing director of Gala Coral's gaming division. Simon has also held senior positions with Mill House Inns and Mitchell's & Butlers pie. David Ross (Chief Financial Officer of Stonegate Pub Company) David qualified with PriceWaterhouseCoopers in 1999 before joining Boots as a senior internal audit manager. After holding various senior roles in Boots, David joined the Spirit Group in 2004 as Head of Finance for Investments and the development company, Gastro Pubs & Bars. He joined Laurel in 2007 as Head of Finance and held that position until the break-up of Laurel in 2008 when David was appointed Head of Finance of Bay Restaurant Group Limited and Town and City Pub Group Limited. He was appointed Chief Financial Officer of Stonegate Pub Company Limited in January 2012. Manjit Dale (Founding Partner ofTDR Capital LLP) Prior to founding TDR Capital LLPin 2002, Manjit was Managing Partner at DB Capital Partners Europe and has almost 20 years' experience in private equity. Manjit graduated from Cambridge University with an Honours Degree in Economics. Brian Magnus (Senior Partner at TDR Capital LLP) Brian joined TDR Capital LLP in September 2012. Prior to joining TDR Capital LLP, he was a managing director at Morgan Stanley where he was European head of Morgan Stanley Private Equity, and formerly head of UK investment banking. He joined Morgan Stanley in 2000 having previously worked in the corporate finance division of Schroders, a company later acquired by Citigroup.    Principle 3 - Director Responsibilities Board meetings are held at a Group level to ensure the coordinated implementation of Group strategy across all group companies. The Board receives regular and timely information on all key aspects of the business including risks and opportunities, the financial performance of the business, strategy, operational matters, and sustainability. This allows informed and timely decisions to be made to protect the welfare of the Group; to allow opportunities to be taken where they are in the best interest of the Group; and to create and sustain long term value and growth. The Board makes use of committees in order to effectively implement its strategy including appraisal of Group assets to ensure that the greatest value can be realised from each site by applying the most suitable retail format and appropriate operating model. Principle 4-Opportunity and Risk The board seeks out opportunities while mitigating risk in order to create and preserve the long term value of the Company. The Company's key risks and mitigations are outlined in the Strategic report on pages 2 -6. Principle 5 - Remuneration Directors remuneration has been borne by fellow group companies and not recharged to the Company. The amount attributable to services provided to the Company was £485,000 (2020: £188,000) for this period. Principle 6 - Stakeholder Relationships and Engagement The Company has a range of stakeholders including the Company's ultimate shareholder, employees, publicans and suppliers. Mutually beneficial and sustainable relationships are developed and maintained in order to protect and grow long term value for both the Company and it's stakeholders. Shareholders All business decisions are made by the Board to ultimately enhance the medium to long term value of the Company and Group. Publicans and suppliers Maintaining good working relationships with publicans and suppliers has been particularly challenging during the pandemic since there has been a continual need for the Group to balance the strength of those relationships with the need to conserve cash. In order to support publicans the Company has provided rent concessions to the value of £25 million (2020: £12 million) during the financial period with further support being provided through trade credits and extended credit facilities. Although the Company has looked to delay supplier payments during the initial lockdown, excellent relationships with suppliers have been maintained such that supply has not been not disrupted. Employees The Company actively engages with employees to provide support and engage in meaningful two-way dialogue over issues affecting employees. For further information see the Employees section of the Directors Report.
