   WATESCORPORATE GOVERNANCEPRINCIPLESFOR LARGECOMPANIES The Element Group has over 6,900 colleagues working from over :.WOtacilities in countries around the world. Element is committed to operating in accordance with the hlghesc ~randards of corporate governance. The Company is a holding company employing fewer than 2,000 efnployee~. Tl1e Curi Ipc1I,y uue~ IIut n Ieet ti ,e qualifyi11g conditions for the financial year to report again~t the Watc~ Corpor;;ite Govern;mr:e Principle, fnr I :irgP.Priv;;itp C"nmp:iniP., published by the Financial Reporting Council in December 2018. The Board is, however, accountable to shareholders and given that on a consolidated bo~i~tl,e Group would meet the qunlifying conditions, is committed to meeting the standards of corporate governance for large private companies as set out in the Wates Corporate Governance Principles for Large Private Companies. l his report describes how the Board has applied the main principles of good corporate governance during the period of review, being the year ended 31 December 2021. PURPOSE A~~DLEADERSHIP Element Is one of the world's leadIng Independent providers of testing, inspection and certification services. When failure in use is not an option, we help customers make certain that their products, materials, processes, and services are safe, compliant and fit for pIIrpo<;f" At Flf"mf"nt, we help to make certain that the materials and products we test, inspect and certify for our customers are safe, quality, compliant and fit for purpose. 'Making Tomorrow Safer Than Today' is Element's new purpose. Our three new brand values drive our everyday behavior: • Integrity: we do what is right; • Care: we care about the impact we have; and • P~ogress:we strive to create a more positive future. Our management team has built a people-first, collaborative culture that enables us to deliver on our commitments. Our passion for testing is demonstrated through our technical, commercial and operational excellence. The Board provides leadership to the Group and the directors promote the success of the Company. The Board promotes the Group's culture, purpose and strategy. The Board is responsible for the proper management of Group strategy and direction. It oversees the activities and direction of the Group. The Board meets every month to review the overall performance of the business and also to determine Group-wide strategies and performance. The Board ensures that the Group has the necessary financial and human resources in place to meet its objectives, review management performance and strategy against set objectives and help to deliver long-term success. Details of the matters specifically reserved for the Board are set out on page 70.    BOARD COMPOSITION The Board is responsible for the management of Group strategy and the long-term success of the Company. It also oversees the activities and direction of Element Materials Technology Group Limited. The Board currently has seven members and includes a combination of Executive and Non-Executive Directors. It comprises the Non- Executive Chairman, two Executive Directors and four Non-Executive Directors. The Board benefits from the wide range of sector experience of its Directors. Details of the Directors and their biographies can be found on pages 54 to 57. Allan Leighton is a Non-Executive Director and Chairman of the Board. He has had an extensive and varied business career holding a series of high profile roles for major corporations in the food, retail, FMCG and communications sectors including those of Chief Executive of Asda and Chairman of the Royal Mail. Jo Wetz is the Chief Executive Officer. He previously served as the group CFO from 2012 to 2019. Before Element, he built a career in private equity and led the investment in a number of global testing businesses in both Europe and the US, including the buyout of Element in 2010. Ruth Prior is the Group Chief Financial Officer. Ruth is responsible for all financial, tax, procurement and IT activities across .the Group. Prior to this role, Ruth was CFO at William Hill Pie. Chris Busby (a Non-Executive Director) and Raoul Hughes (a Non-Executive Director) are both partners at Bridgepoint which manages funds holding a majority shareholding in the Company. They both have extensive sector and international experience and make a significant contribution to the activities of and decisions made by the Board. Ranjit Dandekar (a Non-Executive Director) is a representative of Temasek, a minority shareholder of the Company and brings significant international experience to the Group, in particular through Temasek's strong presence in Asia. Charles Noall is a Non-Executive Director allowing the Group to benefit from his extensive industry knowledge and sector experience. The roles of the Chairman and Chief Executive Officer are separate, clearly defined, set out in writing and approved by the Board. The Chairman is responsible for leadership of the Board and ensuring its effectiveness. The Chairman sets the agendas and timetables for Board meetings, facilitating debate and dialogue during the meetings. The Chief Executive Officer is responsible for the day-to-day leadership of the Group's business and managing it within the authorities delegated by the ongoing training and development is provided to all Directors to ensure that they keep abreast of relevant regulatory and legislative requirements. During 2021, the Board was briefed on a range of subjects including: ESGmatters, monitoring risk management and internal controls; the Group's financial processes; operational excellence and safety initiatives; litigation and claims; taxation matters; the UK Modern Slavery Act 2015; compliance and whistleblowing. Directors may seek independent professional advice at the Company's expense where they consider it appropriate in relation to their duties. DIRECTOR RESPONSIBILITIES THE ACCOUNTABILITY The Board has established and maintains corporate practices that provide clear lines of accountability and responsibility to support effective decision-making. The Board is responsible to shareholders for providing leadership and setting the values and standards of the Company and the Group. The Board approves the Group's business strategy and objectives, budget and forecasts and any material changes to them. It reviews significant investment proposals and the performance of past . investments and maintains an overview and control of the Group's operating and financial performance. The Board sets policies for monitoring the Group's overall system of internal controls, governance and compliance and ensures that the necessary financial and human resources are in place for the Company to meet its objectives. The Board has adopted a schedule of matters reserved for its attention, details of which are set out in the Directors' Report. The Board believes that documented roles and responsibilities for Directors, with a clear division of key responsibilities between the Chairman and the Chief Executive Officer, are essential elements in the Group's governance framework and facilitate the effective operation qf the Board. Accordingly, the Board has agreed the division of responsibilities between the Chairman and the Chief Executive Officer. The Non-Executive Directors scrutinize the performance of the Management. They also have a prime role in succession planning for the Executive Directors. COMMITTEES The Board has delegated specific responsibilities to the Audit and Remuneration Committees to assist it with the direction and control of the Group. These committees, together with the Group Executive Committee, are the principal operating committees of the Group. A Compliance Committee has also been established and meets at least twice per year. If the need should arise, the Board may set up additional committees as appropriate. INTEGRITYOF INFORMATION Detailed papers and presentation materials are circulated in advance of Board and Committee meetings to each of the Directors to allow Directors to be properly briefed in advance of meetings. Board and Committee packs include detailed financial and operational information. Presentations are given at the meetings and minutes of previous meetings and the status of agreed actions are considered. Separate strategy meetings and meetings with senior executives are also held throughout the year. Key financial information is provided from the Group's accounting and financial systems. The Group's finance team is appropriately qualified to ensure the integrity of this information and is provided with the necessary training and support to keep up to date with regulatory change. Financial information is currently audited by Ernst and Young on an annual basis.    OPPORTUNITY AND RISK OPPORTUNITY The Group considers its long-term opportunities to create and preserve value as part of its annual strategy review. As described in the Strategic Report, the Group's key objectives include driving strong organic growth across the business; attracting, retaining and developing technical talent; and investing and growing the business through targeted capital expenditure investment and mergers and acquisition activity. The Board promotes these activities with the aim of making the Group the best and most trusted testing partner in the world. RISK The Board has carried out a robust assessment of the principal risks and uncertainties facing the Company and how those risks affect the prospects of the Company. Please refer to pages 66 to 69 for further information on the Company's principal risks and uncertainties and their impact on the prospects of the Company. The Board leads on the establishment of internal controls and transparent policies-that underpin our values and reflect our commitment to conducting business with honesty and integrity wherever we operate. These controls and policies range from health and safety, quality, anti-bribery and corruption to trade compliance and whistleblowing. Policies are widely communicated to colleagues and reinforced through targeted programs and training, as required, to ensure they are understood and adopted. RESPONSIBILITIES The Group has implemented a range of operating rules, processes, best practices and operating standards. The Board approves a number of reserved matters including mergers and acquisitions, capital expenditure above stated levels, contracts above certain values and other matters. This helps promote the long-term sustainable success of the Company. REMUNERATION The Remuneration Committee scrutinizes the performance of the Management and is responsible for determining levels of remuneration of the Executive Directors of the Company and such other senior employees as the Board may determine from time to time. Remuneration is set at a level which allows the Company to attract and retain the best talent who can help deliver the Company's strategic plans. The Remuneration Committee makes recommendations to the Board in relation to the Group's remuneration strategy, recruitment and incentivization of senior executives. In doing so, the Committee takes advice from independent external remuneration consultants and advisers in relation to best market practice, remuneration benchmarking, diversity of senior management and legislative developments. The Group ensures that colleagues are treated fairly and equally regardless of age, gender, nationality, ethnic origin, religion, marital status, disability and sexual orientation. We strive to make decisions which are·made free from bias and provide a working environmel')t that is respectful, engaging and creates opportunities for all. STAKEHOLDER RELATIONSHIPS AND ENGAGEMENT With a diverse team spread across our laboratories and offices worldwide, the effectiveness of our communications is key to ensuring that all our people are aligned with the business strategy and are fully aware of the role that they play in making Element successful. OUR PEOPLE Element is defined by its people and we are committed to supporting all colleagues across the Group through programs which keep them safe, healthy, engaged, recognized and rewarded. The Group places considerable value on the involvement of its employees and has continued to keep them informed on matters affecting them as employees and on the various factors affecting the performance of the Group and the Company. How we listen and engage: • CEO location visits; • 'Your Voice' engagement surveys; • Formal and informal meetings; • Colleague resource groups that champion Racial equality, Disability empowerment, LGBTQ+ and our Women's network; • Regular Group-wide town hall meetings; • Regular Group communications and newsletters; • The Company's intranet site; • Presentations for employees of the financial and operational performance of the Group; and • Employee representatives are consulted regularly on a wide range of matters affecting their current and future interests. Further information can be found at the Our People section on pages 42 to 45 and Directors' Report on pages 70 to 72. OUR CUSTOMERS Customers are at the heart of everything we do. How we listen and engage: • Key Account Management programs; • Net Promoter Score (NPS) program; • Feedback processes through online and traditional channels; and • The Board receives updates on matters relating to customers (e.g. results of customer surveys). OUR INVESTORS/SHAREHOLDERS How we listen and engage: • Investor meetings; • Ongoing dialogue with the Company's major shareholders through a program of meetings; • Shareholder communications; • Detailed papers and presentation materials are circulated in advance of Board and Committee meetings to each of the Directors; and • Board approval of the full year results and the Annual Report and Accounts.    OUR INVESTORS/SHAREHOLDERS How we listen and engage: • Investor meetings; • Ongoing dialogue with the Company's major shareholders through a program of meetings; • Shareholder communications; • Detailed papers and presentation materials are circulated in advance of Board and Committee meetings to each of the Directors; and • Board approval of the full year results and the Annual Report and Accounts. OUR SUPPLYCHAIN We are developing long-term, collaborative supply chain partnerships and aim to work responsibly with our suppliers. How we listen and engage: • We utilize tender processes and supplier pre-qualification questionnaires to ensure responsible procurement; and • Annual review and approval of the Modern Slavery Statement by the Board. COMMUNITY AND ENVIRONMENT Our approach to corporate responsibility is founded on Element's values: Integrity, Care and Progress. In 2021 corporate responsibility played a central role in ensuring we met stakeholder expectations and our commitment to conduct business responsibly and ethically to protect the health and safety of all our team members, visitors and the communities in which we operate. Further information can be found in the Corporate Responsibility section on pages 30 to 37. WHISTLEBLOWINGHOTLINE The Company provides a confidential whistleblower service, which is managed by a specialist third party provider, across our global business, giving all colleagues and third parties the opportunity to raise concerns. The service encompasses a telephone hotline, email and web-based reporting facility and is available in relevant languages in all countries in which Element has a presence. This service may be used to report incidents of wrongdoing including fraud, bribery and corruption, discrimination, bullying or harassment, supplier labor practices, modern slavery, tax evasion, breach of competition laws, health, safety and quality matters and environmental concerns. Any whistleblowing reports are reviewed and investigated appropriately. During 2021, Element received 13 whistleblowing reports through the external whistleblowing service. Most reports were of an HR nature but the hotline was also used to report quality and other issues. All reports were reviewed and investigated: 4 allegations were substantiated, 2 allegations were partially substantiated, 7 allegations were unsubstantiated. The results of the investigations were reported to the Audit Committee.
