   The director has used the Wates Corporate Governance Principles for Private Companies to establish a corporate governance code and ·has applied this set of guiding principles to the performance of his duties as - follows: I. Purpose and Leadership The Company's mission is as follows: • • Be the best transportation service provider in the world. • . Exceed customer expectations in terms of service, quality_and value, • P·rovide employees with a great place to work. • Serve the community as a committed corporate citizen. Throughout the fiscal year, the director has ensured that these goals have been considered in his decision-making_process. The director ack~owledges his duty to promote the success of the Company and act with integrity in all matters and set this same_ expectation for all employees and business partners through Enterprise Holdings' Code of Conduct. Each employee, including the director, must complete mandatory online t~aining on Enterprise Holdings' Code of Conduct. .., Enterprise Holdings' Founding Values are integral to the success of all employees, are designed to inform them of the expected behaviours aqd practices throughout the organisation _and are· integrated into the business functions and operations. Dem_onstrable evidence of adhering ·to and promoting these values is a key component of any promotion opportunity within the Company. • The director recognises that a healthy culture is vital to the Company's competitive advantage and long-term value, and this is supported by the overall global business model being designed to encourage and promote the long-term, sustainable growth of the organisation. This culture and strategy" is clearly articulated by the director and the Executive Board at the US Parent level m every company-wide communication, including via email and virtual t"ownhall meetings .. A robust and well-publicised whistleblowing policy is in place to both enforce and monitor compliance with Enterprise Holdings' Founding Values and Code of Conduct and ensures balance between short-term targets and long-term aspirations. • a 2._ Board Composition The Enterprise Rent-A-Car European Holdings Limited board (the "board") includes the director listed on page I and is-comprised of members that have an effective balance of skills, backgrounds, experience and knowledge, with the director having sufficient capacity to make a valuable contribution. The director has attended and contributed to all board meetings held during the year. The size and composition of the boa"rd • has been deemed appropriate given the relative size and complexity of the Company, and the director will continue to ensure that the board remains effective and appropriately composed._ 3. ·Board Responsibilities The director receives guidance on his duties from the Company Secretary, including in relation t~ Section . 172, • and has been briefed on these reporting requirements. ·The board and director have a clear understanding of their accountability and responsibilities, ~ith ·training and updates on the duties of a director performed at regular intervals or in the event of a new board member being appointed. The board's policies and procedures support effective decision-making and ind~pendent challenges.    4. Opportunity and Risk The cultu~e •of the Company has always been one .that supports and promotes the long-term, sustainable success of the Company by identifying opportunities to create and preserve value and establishing oversight for the identification and mitigation of risks. The Company has been 9wned by the Taylor Family since it was first started by Jack Taylor in· 1957, and the Taylor Family have had the same ethos of prioritising employee and customer needs ahead of short-term profitability. The director has close interaction with and oversight of the relevant risks for his respective area of responsibility in the Company; these risks and their mitigating controls are documented iri a UK Risk Register which is updated frequently and reviewed on a quarterly basis by the Risk Register Committee. • 5. Remuneration Executive remuneration structures are closely aligned to the long-term sustainable su·ccess of the Company, and specifically tailored to the director's area of responsibility and oversight. 6. Stakeholder Relationships and Engagement Stakeholder engagement has been developed to reflect the core activities of the Company, namely: • • • • • Providing long; medium, and short-term vehicle hire and travel ~anagement services to·customers across a network of over 430 rental branches and depots in the UK; Contributing to the high standard of vehicles on the UK's roads, through fleet acquisition; Maintenanc_e and disposition activity; • Providing regional administrative, shared service, and corporate business support services to the UK branch network; As a wholly owned subsidiary of The Crawford Group, Inc., the ultimate parent company and controlling party. • Employees Integral to the Company's corporate culture is the development of employees and a "promote from within" re"cruitmcnt policy. This ensures a thorough understanding and appreciation of business operations, corporate values and culture, and also ensures c·onsistency throughout the organisation. Employee engagement is therefore critical to the long-term success of the Company. The Company embraces and understands that collective success is better achieved with an engaged, motivated and highly committed workforce. The Company has an internal social media application, "Pulse" ,.that is available to all employees both on line and via smartphone. Pulse is designed to be a flexible and efficient method of communicating and sharing company·news, updating on activities and events, transmitting high-level messages and keeping employees connected around the world. • • "The Hub" is the Company's intranet site and contains a wide range of useful information for employees, such as policies, templates, and best practice guides. Any employee or team can create a page in The Hub to share relevant information and exch<!nge feedback, ideas, and solutions. The Company also releases • regular employee opinion surveys open to all staff, who are encouraged to provide .honest, anonymous feedback via an online, externally hosted portal. The response rates from these surveys are consistently high, and the employee satisfaction, engagement and inclusion results are used to improve·communication and drive positive change in the working environment.    Customers and suppliers The Company maintains an unwavering commitment to customer service, from a fo_cus on complete customer satisfaction to directly linking professional promotion opportunities to the actual level of service provided. Total customer satisfaction is the principle that has guided the Company throughout its journey so far and remains firmly ingrained in its culture today. From the beginning, there has been a focus on providing customers with a level of service that keeps them retained across the Company brands. To maintain that approach; the Company has a stringent yetinclusive recruitment policy and provides thorough training from the day they become frontline erriployees. The Company embraces customer feedback and understands th_eirneeds, which leads to opportunities from small ways to serve them better, to nyw lines of business that open up exciting growth prospects. It is deeply understood and appreciated that an open, thought-based exchange of ideas is critical to maintaining a high standard of service ai:id personal success. The Company conducts telephone surveys of customers each . month. Each branch location receives a rating based on the percentage of its customers who claim to be completely satisfied with their latest rental experience. That rating is the standard of customer service that is then used to drive better service, and both individuals and locations are performance measured on their results. Local trading scores are compared to the company average and play an important role in employee compensation and promotion decisions. • The Company's Supplier Code of Conduct is issued to all new suppliers and ensures clear expectations are set for business partners in respect to the Company's commitment to maintaining the highest standards of quality, integrity, excellence, safety, legal compliance and respect for human rights. The Supplier Code of Conduct also outlines expectations to respect the custo.ms and culture of the communities the Company serves. The Supplier .Code of Conduct is also published on the Company website. The Company's Supplier Diversity Policy demonstrates its commitment to maximising opportunities for minority- and women-owned businesses, as well as other socially or economically disadvantaged small enterprises. The Company engages with both local and national businesses to help identify, select, and do business with suppliers who can meet quality, timeline, capacity, and pricing requirements, with the overall mission being to partner with suppliers who resemble the communities in which the Company ope_rates. Community/Society/Environment The Company has a presence in thousands of communities, and the director realises that success is attributable to the support and goodwill of people who live in those communities and do business with the Company. The Company also has a firm commitment to sustainable development. As a family-owned business, the need to operate with the.next generation in mind is always at the forefroi:it'of decisions. This deep sense of management plays every day in the way the Company and supply cliain ar.e managed, continually balancing the interests of customers, suppliers, and employees, with the communities in which the Company operates. The Company has partnered with many different stakeholders who not only share the corporate values and commitment to maintaining the highest standards, but also help promote sustainability. The Company therefore maintains a healthy balance between these critical factors and those that are essential for continued long-term growth and for the sustainability of the car rental industry in general. These commitments are articulated in the US Parent Corporate Sustainability reports and updates, and the Company holds itself accountable for meeting them.    Community/Socie(v/Environment (continued) The director firmly believes that excellent customer service, integrity, employee opportunity and community relationships go hand in hand with business growth. The selection of providers helps meet this belief and supports the Company's overall corporate social responsibility strategy. The Company strives to honour the people and.environment in which it operates by: • acting with honesty, integrity and fairness at all tim.es; • providing employees with a safe and comfortable working environment; • offering customers a selection of fuel-efficient alternatives, including hyb~ids and electric ve.hicles when available; • • minimising the impact on the environment by reducing carbon·footprint and waste; • ensuring that new and adapted facilities are designed, built and managed, through a comprehensive framework for sustainable construction; • working with suppliers to increase sustainable supply chain performance; • valuing diversity, and seeking to represent suppliers and employees that fully reflect the communities served; • contributing to local communities through charitable donations and employee volunteer efforts; • complying with all relevant laws and regulations; • operating fuel systems in a safe and responsible manner and; • listening to stakeholders, responciing to their concerns and communicating regularly with them.
