   The Governancereport describes the Group's approach to governanceand demonstrates how the Group has embedded the Wates Corporate Governance Principlesfor Large Private Companies into our structures and processes.All elementsof the Wates principleshave been adopted by the Group. In preparing this section the directors have also complied with the section 172 of the Companies Act 2006 and the Companies Act Miscellaneous Reporting Regulations 2018. Purpose and Leadership The Group is committed to playing a key role in the decarbonisation of the UK economy, with ambitious plans to build an energy transition park at our site in the North West of England and to become the UK's first low carbon refinery. Our vision is 'transforming for tomorrow and this aligns with the UK Government's Ten Point Plan on the Green Industrial Revolution and with its British Energy Security Strategy. The Board promotes the purpose within the organisationand ensuresthat the Group's strategy, objectives and culture align with the purpose. The Business Plan Each year with the exception of pandemic years, the Board undertakes an in-depth review of the Group's strategy, including the business plan for the following five years. Once approved by the Board, the plan and strategy form the basis for financial budgets, resource plans and investment decisions, and also the future strategic direction of the Group. Specific business objectives are evaluated on a number of factors, including how they deliver the strategic plan, financial outcomes (using long term cash flow modelling) and impact on business reputation, amongst others. Long Term Strategy The Group is taking significant steps to lead the industrial decarbonisation agenda as announced by the UK Government as part of Ten Point Green Industrial Plan in November 2020 and confirmed in the policy document, the 'British Energy Security Strategy (April 2022) which are detailed in Future Development section of the Strategic Report (page 7)    Board Composition The Company Board comprises one Executive Director and six Non-Executive Directors. The individual directors bring a wide range of experience, aligned to our purpose, including finance, sales, marketing, HSE and trading, project execution and governance and risk assessment. All director appointments are subject to approval by the Remuneration, Nomination & Diversity Committee. Additionally, the Group has an independent Advisory Council. This was put in place in July 2021. The new four-person Council comprises highly experienced senior leaders from across the legal, financial and diplomatic sectors and advises the Board and providing an additional layer of independent, third-party expertise on a range of strategic priorities, including both commercial risk management and corporate finance matters. Director Accountabilities The Board meets regularly throughout the year to review the performance of the Group and deal with matters requiring board approval. It also convenes on a more ad-hoc basis, as required, to manage the business of the Group. The Board is mindful in all of its dealings of the desire for the Group to maintain its reputation for high standards of business conduct and acts, through its Governance processes to achieve this aim. The Board and individual directors have a clear understanding of their responsibilities and accountabilities. Certain items of business are delegated to the three principal Board committees: the Audit and Risk Committee; the Remuneration, Nomination & Diversity Committee; and the HSSE Committee. Each committee operates under clear terms of reference. j A short biography for each Board Director and member of the Advisory Council can be found on our website: essaroil.co.uk/about-us/board-of-directors/ and essaroil.co.uk/about-us/advisory-council/ ' f The Company's directors, who held office during the period and up to and including the date of signing the accounts are as follows: • P Ruia • T Bullock • S Thangapandian • K N Venkatasubramanian • AR H Wright • D K Maheshwari • B C Tripathi (Resigned on 31 March 2022) I The Board utilises its committees to assist it in providing oversight, challenge and guidance to the Executive in the areas of Risk, Audit, Remuneration, Diversity, HSSE and Information Security. The Chief Executive Officer and the rest of his Executive Leadership Team (ELT) are responsible for implementing the strategy set by the Board and leading the day-to-day running and operations of the Group. A short biography for each member of the ELT can be found on our website: essaroil.co.uk/about-us/executive-leadership-team/ Quarterly performance updates of the Group are provided to the Board by the ELT.The Board meets with the Executive Leadership Team on a regular basis and also engages with the Advisory Council.    Renumeration The Board has established a Remuneration, Nomination & Diversity Committee. The Committee determines the terms and conditions of service of Executive Directors. The remuneration and terms and conditions of appointment of non-executive directors are set by the Board. Remuneration is designed to be appropriate and fair,to recruit and retain high quality directors, management and workforce. Risk Management The Group recognises the opportunities and risks to the achievement of our objectives and purpose. The Board has established an Audit and Risk Committee with delegated responsibility for ensuring that the financial performance, position and prospects of the Group are properly monitored and reported on. The committee meets with the auditors and discusses their reports on the accounts and the Group's financial controls and recommends the appointment of auditors. It also reviews the internal controls and risk management processes, including the output from internal audits. Given the high volatility of crude/petroleum product prices, it is necessary for the Group to Stakeholder Engagement The Board ensures a dialogue with all stakeholders including: our primary shareholder (Essar Global Fund Limited}, Government departments, regulators, customers, suppliers, the communities local to our operations and employees. The Group places a high importance on engagement with its various stakeholders, at both local and national level. The Group also has Board representation on the Ellesmere Port Development Board, an enterprise which looks to attract inward investment into Ellesmere Port, create employment and improve the quality of life of its residents. The committee also sets objectives for performance related incentives, aligned with our purpose and strategic objectives, for Executive Directors and other senior management, and reviews performance against those objectives. • constantly monitor and evaluate its exposure to uncertainty in prices. In order to protect the Group against adverse movements in price, it is necessary for the Group to adopt industry best practices of price risk management. To manage this the Board has established a management committee comprising of the CEO, CFO, Head of International Supply & Trading and the Chief Risk Officer -collectively the Risk Management Committee· (RMC). The RMC meets as required, usually weekly but not less than monthly, to manage pricing and commodity risk. The Chief Risk Officer will manage the assurance and enterprise risk. The Board has identified and develops effective working relationships with those stakeholders who have a material interest in the Group and ensures that insight provided from this engagement informs both strategic and operational decision-making. The key stakeholders identified by the Group and the approach to developing effective working relationships with them is described in the Strategic Report (page 7).
