   Corporate Governance For the year ended 30th June 2021, under The Companies (Miscellaneous Reporting) Regulations 2018, Estee Lauder Cosmetics Limited applied the Wates Corporate Governance Principles for Large Private Companies (published by the Financial Reporting Council (FRC) in December 2018 and available on the FRC web site;    The board actively engages with its stakeholders, which are considered to be shareholders, customers, employees & suppliers as well as the wider community including goals of citizenship & sustainability. Below is a summary, which refers to the Wates Principles for Large Private Companies, of how the board considered the impact on stakeholders and discharged its duties under S.172 of the Companies Act 2006 when making decisions. The Wates Principles for Large Private Companies Principle 1 - Purpose & Leadership An effective board promotes the purpose of a company and ensures that its values, strategy and culture align with that purpose. The Company's business model is the sale of premium cosmetics and fragrance, skincare, haircare and lifestyle products of well-known brand names including; Estee Lauder, Clinique, Origins, M.A.C, Bobbi Brown, La Mer and Aveda. Estee Lauder Companies Inc. (the Group) are also the global licensee for fragrances and/or cosmetics sold under various designer brand names, including Tommy Hilfiger, Donna Karan New York, DKNY, Michael Kors and Tom Ford. Each brand is distinctly positioned within the market for cosmetics and other beauty products. The Group's founding values inspire the commitment to operate responsibly and motivate us to build a sustainable business based on uncompromising ethics, integrity, fairness, diversity and trust. In partnership with our suppliers, our retailers, our consumers and everyone we touch, the Company aspires to foster its heritage of respect for people and the environment and be a positive influence in every community we serve. This tone at the top sets the expectations for the Company's directors. The Company is focused on the long term, which gives the Directors the courage and the confidence to experiment and continuously adapt. The Company is driven by our challenger spirit and is passionate about prestige beauty. Our High-Touch approach is in everything we do - It's putting our customer first & it's about the quality and attention to details. It's treating others as we want to be treated. We are committed to the communities in which we live and work. Estee Lauder Cosmetics Limited is a subsidiary of The Estee Lauder Companies Inc which is listed on the New York Stock Exchange. The Group, including Estee Lauder Cosmetics Limited, has strong governance including compliance with the Sarbanes-Oxley Act. Principle 2 - Board Composition Effective board composition requires an effective chair and a balance of skills, backgrounds, experience and knowledge, with individual directors having sufficient capacity to make a valuable contribution. The size of a board should be guided by the scale and complexity of the company. During the year ended 30' h June 2021 the board comprised of a Chief Executive, Chief Financial Officer & two Non-Executive Directors (who are Directors ofother Group Companies). The size & composition is appropriate to the size of the business. In addition, the Board is supported by a strong Executive Leadership team made up of Senior Managers from all areas across the business. The Board of Directors of The Estee Lauder Companies Inc. (the "Group") has developed corporate governance practices to help it fulfil its responsibilities to stakeholders to provide general direction and oversight of the management of the Company's business and affairs. The governance practices are confirmed in these Corporate Governance Guidelines to assure that the Board will have the necessary authority and practices in place to fulfil its responsibilities. These governance practices also apply to Directors of the Company.    Role of Board; Expectations of Directors 1. Functions of Board. The Board of Directors, which is elected by the Group, is the ultimate decision-making body of the Company except with respect to those matters reserved to the stockholders. The Board advises and counsels the Company's senior management and monitors its performance. In addition to its general oversight of management, the Board also performs a number of specific functions including: a. reviewing, approving and monitoring fundamental financial and business strategies and major corporate actions; b. assessing major risks facing the Company and reviewing options for their mitigation; and c. ensuring processes are in place for maintaining the integrity of the Company, including (i) the financial statements, (ii) compliance with law and ethics, (iii) relationships with customers and suppliers, and (iv) relationships with other stakeholders. 2. Expectations of Directors. Directors must be willing to devote sufficient time to carrying out their duties and responsibilities effectively and are committed to serve on the Board for an extended period of time. Principle 3: Responsibilities A board should have a clear understanding of its accountability and terms of reference. Its policies and procedures should support effective decision-making and independent challenge. The Directors have a clear understanding of their accountabilities & terms of reference as laid out in s 171-177 of the Companies Act 2006. In addition, Directors, along with all staff, comply with the company's Code of Conduct. This includes disclosure of any Conflicts of Interest as they arise. Principle 4: Opportunity and risk A board should promote the long-term success of the company by identifying opportunities to create and preserve value and establishing oversight for the identification and mitigation of risks. The Directors undertake an in-depth strategy review annually. opportunities. Part of this work involves identifying risks & Opportunity The Board actively considers strategic opportunities as these are key drivers of the strategy for sustainable, profitable growth. The strategy is considered in detail in the UK and presented to Group to ensure all relevant entities within the Group are aligned. Risk The Board consider risks and aim to mitigate them effectively significant uncertainties such as COVID. as part of the strategy. This includes risks with Principle five: Remuneration A board should promote executive remuneration structures aligned to the sustainable long-term success of a company, taking into account pay and conditions elsewhere in the company. Executive remuneration is considered by the Company's Board in line with guidance from the Group's Compensation & Benefits team, taking into account the Group's remuneration strategy including salary, bonus & long term incentive plans for management. The Company understands that true success - both short term and long term - comes from diversity of thought and collaboration amongst our employees and is focused on ensuring that diversity continues to be embedded in our company values, culture and business strategy.    Principle six: Stakeholders The board has a responsibility to foster good stakeholder relationships based on the company's purpose. A board has a responsibility to oversee meaning/it! engagement with material stakeholders, including the worliforce, and have regard to that discussion when taking decisions. The board actively engages with its stakeholders & considers the impact on them as decisions are made, including discharging their duties under s 172 of the Companies Act 2006. Stakeholders include shareholders, customers, employees & suppliers as well as the wider. Further details can be obtained in the above & the Directors' report.
