   Governance Statement of Corporate Governance Arrangements The following section sets out FCE's corporate governance arrangements as required under Part 8 of Schedule 7 to the Large and Medium-sized Companies and Groups (Accounts and Reports) Regulations 2008 and satisfies the requirements set out by Section 172 (1) of the Companies Act 2006. Further details on section 172 can be found on page 25 of the Strategic Report. FCE does not apply a single Corporate Governance Code but is required under the UK financial services regulatory regime to comply with a number of different regulations and standards of corporate governance including but not limited to the following: the Rulebook of the Prudential Regulation Authority (PRA), the Handbook of the Financial Conduct Authority (FCA), the Wates Corporate Governance Principles for Large Private Companies dated December 2018 (the Wates Principles) and other industry guidelines covering Internal Governance, Sound Remuneration Policies, Risk Management, Internal Control and Related Financial and Business Reporting, Audit Committees, Board Effectiveness and Board Responsibilities in the context of corporate governance. FCE publishes relevant corporate governance related disclosures on its website www.fcebank.com. The Company has applied the Wates Corporate Governance principles during the financial year, as detailed in the table below. In practice these principles are embedded within, and supplemented by, FCE's existing governance practices as required by the PRA and the FCA (the Regulators). Furthermore, compliance with these matters is assured through the Company's Three Lines of Defence model as detailed on page 13 of the Strategic Report and by ongoing supervision by the Regulators. I I Wates Principles Purpose An effective board promotes the purpose of a company and ensures that its values, strategy and culture align with that purpose. FCE's corporate values are aligned with those of Ford (the 'Ford Truths'). A principal value is that employees act with integrity and demonstrate ethical behaviour, as set out in Employee Handbooks and related policies, approved by the Board. Furthermore, FCE's Business Model and Strategy to deliver the Company's purpose are set out on paqe 4. I I Composition Effective board composition requires an effective chair and a balance of skills, backgrounds, experience and knowledge, with individual directors having sufficient capacity to make a valuable contribution. The size of a board should be guided by the scale and complexity of the company. The Board composition for 2021 is detailed on page below. The size and composition of the Board reflects the requirements of the PRA's Rulebook with each director satisfying the fit and proper tests and regulatory requirements. The Board is satisfied that its composition includes individuals with a mix of skills and experience necessary to make informed decisions and provide effective oversight of the risks. The Board and its committees regularly receive briefings on pertinent thematic issues. I I Responsibilities A board should have a clear understanding of its accountability and terms of reference. Its policies and procedures should support effective decision-making and independent challenge. The Board periodically reviews its Board Charter relating to the internal corporate governance of the Company and its group. This Charter satisfies industry guidelines in defining the duties and accountabilities of directors and the accountability and terms of reference of each aspect of governance. Policies and procedures relating to all relevant governance and decision-making matters are approved by the Board and its committees, cascaded to employees, and monitored for compliance by the FCE's Three Lines of Defence. Examples of matters considered by Board and its committees are set out on paqe below. I I I I I I I Opportunity and risk A board should promote the long-term success of the company by identifying opportunities to create and preserve value and establishing oversight for the identification and mitigation of risks. Remuneration A board should promote executive remuneration structures aligned to the sustainable long-term success of a company, taking into account pay and conditions elsewhere in the company. The Board has adopted a sustainable business model and strategy. The Company has appointed a Chief Risk Officer in accordance with PRA requirements and the Board has established a Risk Committee with its terms of reference published on its website. The Company has put in place a robust risk appetite framework against which business performance is proactively assessed. FCE also has in place a risk horizon scanning framework which is reviewed by the Board on a quarterly basis. Details regarding FCE's remuneration polices are outlined its remuneration disclosures published annually on FCE's website www.fcebank.com.    eholders A board has a responsibility to oversee . meaningful engagement with material stakeholders, including the workforce, and have regard to that discussion when making decisions. The board has a responsibility to foster good stakeholder relationships based on the company's purpose. Further details on the Company's stakeholder engagement can be found in the section 172 statement on page 26. The Board is satisfied that it meets the desired outcomes from a regulatory perspective. Furthermore, it meets its regulatory obligations, is ope,n and transparent with the regulators and has set a culture that supports prudent management. As part of its continuing authorisation, FCE is periodically subject to the PRA's Supervisory Review and Evaluation Process, part of which includes the examination of FCE's business model, the fitness of FCE's governance arrangements and how risks are addressed. The Board The FCE Board has approved a written charter to establish systems of effective corporate governance. This charter establishes the Board's sub-committees, their terms of reference and composition, and matters reserved to the Board. In order to maintain oversight of these delegated activities, executive directors invariably attend most of the sub-committee meetings. The chairs of the Audit, Risk and Remuneration Committees, who are Independent Non-Executive Directors, provide reports of those committees' deliberations to the Board. Members of the Board engage with the business through an open working environment and attendance at the various sub-committees of the Board and team meetings. FCE's Board comprises nine members, namely three Executive Directors and six Non-Executive Directors (NEDs) of whom four are deemed to be independent. The Company has a Chair, responsible for leadership of the Board and a Chief Executive Officer, responsible for the Company's management. Executive Directors are accountable for the conduct and performance of their business function. The Directors and Company Secretaries, who have served at any time between the beginning of the financial year and the date of this Directors report are stated on page 3 and the Directors biographies are detailed below on pages 29 and 30. All Directors have access to the advice and services of the Company Secretary and can obtain independent professional advice at the Company's expense in furtherance of their duties, if required. FCE's Articles of Association require that all Directors retire and stand for reappointment at each Annual General Meeting (AGM). Appointments are terminable on one month's notice by either party.    Directors' Interests Directors disclose relevant external interests which might conflict with their role including the directorships that they hold. The directors formally reconfirm their external interest biannually and are expected to obtain the agreement of the Board Chair before accepting additional commitments that might impact time commitment and have an ongoing obligation to inform the Company as soon as they become aware of any potential or actual conflicts of interest. Furthermore, at each Board meeting, the Directors are required to disclose any conflict or potential conflict in relations to the matters being considered at the meeting. Biographical Details of Directors Marlene Martel, Non-Executive Director and Board Chairman. Her other key positions include General Counsel Ford Motor Credit Company LLC. She is also a Director of Alternatives for Girls Detroit, Michigan. Marlene was appointed to the Board on 16 September 2021. Narpal Ahulwalia, Chief Risk Officer and China Ford Motor Credit Company LLC. His other key positions include Chairman of the Board and Director, Ford Automotive Finance (China) Limited; Chairman of the Board and Manager, FCA Holdings LLC; Chairman of the Board and Director, Ford Automotive Financial Leasing (Shanghai) Limited; Director, Ford ECO GmbH; and Manager, Fairlane Credit LLC. Narpal was appointed to the Board on 24 March 2019. Charles Bilyeu, Charles was Chief Executive Officer until 31 October 2021 and retired from the Board on 26 November 2021.    Natalie Ceeney, Independent Non-Executive Director and Chair of FCE's Remuneration Committee. Natalie is also currently a Non-Executive Director of Anglian Water Services Limited, Sports England and Liverpool Victoria. She also leads an independent strategy consultancy practice and is a Director of San Fairy Ann Cycling Club. Natalie who has a strategy consultancy background from McKinsey & Company has previously held senior executive roles with HM Courts & Tribunals Service, the Financial Ombudsman Service, the National Archives and HSBC UK. Natalie is a graduate of the University of Cambridge. Natalie was appointed to the Board on 17 October 2019. Talita Ferreira, Independent Non-Executive Director and Chair of FCE's Audit Committee. Talita is also currently a Non-Executive Director at Tandem Bank Limited. She is also the CEO and Founder of Authentic Change Solutions Limited - a thought leadership firm which helps individuals and organisations transform culturally. Talita is a Chartered Accountant, Chartered Director and Fellow of the Institute of Chartered Accountants for England and Wales (ICAEW) and a Fellow of the Institute of Directors. Talita's career has been in the automotive and captive financial services industries. Previously, she was the Chief Financial Officer (CFO) of BMW UK Limited, CFO of BMW Automotive Ireland Limited, CFO of BMW Financial Services Limited (UK and Ireland) and the CFO of Alphabet (GB) Limited. Talita was appointed to the Board on 8 February 2019. Paul Kiernan, Executive Director, Finance, a Chartered Accountant since 1992 and a member of the ICAEW. His other key role is Chair and Supervisory Board Member, Ford Bank GmbH. Prior to taking up his present role on the FCE Board, Paul was Finance Director for Ford of Britain. Paul was appointed to the Board on 1 November 2011. Brendan O'Connor, Independent Non-Executive Director. Brendan is also currently a Non-Executive Director of Coventry Building Society. Prior to taking up his role on the FCE Board, Brendan was Chief Executive Officer of AIB Group (UK) pie. Brendan was appointed to the Board on 17 September 2020. John Reed, Independent Non-Executive Director, Senior Independent Non-Executive Director and Chair of FCE's Board Risk Committee is an Associate of Chartered Institute of Bankers (ACIB). John is Chairman of EFG Private Bank and Chairman of Activtrades. He is also a Director of Silverback (UK) Limited. Previously, he has served on the boards of Hambros Bank, which later became a subsidiary of Societe Generale when he became Group Chief Operation Officer, Arbuthnot Banking Group, Tesco Bank and Arbuthnot Latham where he was Chief Executive Officer, the Bank of the Philippine Islands (Europe), Innovation Finance Limited and the National Motor Museum Trust. John was appointed to the Board on 7 April 2014. Keith Robinson, Executive Director and Chief Risk Officer, His other key roles are Director, FCLH Limited and Supervisory Board Member, Ford Bank GmbH. Prior to taking up his present role on the FCE Board, Keith has held other senior roles within the group. Keith was appointed to the Board on 1 April 2020. Thomas ('Tom') Schneider, Tom was Board Chair until 16 September 2021 and retired from the Board on 2 December 2021. He was previously Executive Vice President and Chief Risk Officer, Ford Motor Credit Company. Carlos Treadway, Carlos was appointed Chief Executive Officer on 1 November 2021. His other key roles are Supervisory Board Member, Ford Bank GmbH and Director, Ford Fleet Management B.V. Prior to taking up his present appointment as CEO, Carlos was FCE Executive Director, Sales and Marketing and prior to joining the FCE Board he was the Vice President, Business Center Operations, North America. He is also Director, Demons Unlimited Foundation, an Athletic Foundation at his Alumni University. Carlos was appointed to the Board on 14 January 2021. Director Independence and Board Challenge The appointment of an Independent Non-Executive Director is for an initial term of up to three years, renewable for a second term of up to three years on mutual agreement. In certain circumstances further terms may be agreed. The Board considers four of the six current Non-Executive Directors to be independent because they have no material business relationship with FCE, (either directly or as a partner, shareholder or officer of an organisation that has a relationship with FCE), and they neither represent the shareholders nor have any involvement in the day-to-day management of FCE, its parent companies or its subsidiaries. As such they bring objectivity and independent judgement to the Board, which complements the Executive Directors' skills, experience and detailed knowledge of the business. Moreover, they play a vital role in the governance of FCE through their membership of the Audit, Risk and Remuneration Committees to which they are each appointed. Each year the NEDs hold a meeting with the Chair to discuss Executive Director succession planning, corporate governance and any other relevant issues. The Board reviews the number of Executive Directors and NEDs periodically to maintain an appropriate balance for effective control and direction of the business. A Senior Independent Director ('SID') has been appointed to provide a sounding board for the Chair and to serve as an intermediary for the other Directors when necessary. The role of the SID is to take a lead role with the other NEDs, representing coliC ,tive views to the Chair, Board and to representatives of FC~'s shareholders. John Reed is the SID. The NEDs meet from time to time in the absence of FCE's management and the SID presides at such meetings.    Selection of Directors and Executive Management I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I FCE recognises the value and competitive advantages of having a diverse Board and management team that make optimal use of different skills, experiences, perspectives, background, ethnicity, age, gender and other attributes. FCE's policies on equality of opportunity, diversity and inclusion ensure that these matters are considered fully when considering the composition of its Board and management team. FCE has a strategic vision to achieve appropriate diversity representation across its management groups, including the Board. In selecting suitable candidates for executive and non-executive roles, whether from inside the broader Ford Group or externally, candidates are sought from as diverse a pool as possible. They are assessed on merit against objective criteria by the transparent application of fair policies and processes, which are free from any unfair barriers. Specialist executive recruitment agencies may be employed to find suitable Directors. In addition, direct appointments are made where specific skills and experience are needed, and FCE may consult other professional advisers on appropriate candidates when specialist financial skills are required. Formal interviews are held with senior Company management before a preferred candidate meets other members of the Board including the SID and the other NEDs. Matters Reserved and considered by the Board during the reporting period During 2021, the Board held a total of six regular board meetings and a strategic meeting at which the strategy was reviewed, taking into consideration the external economic environment, Ford Motor Company's strategy, and the Company's need to create stakeholder value. During the reporting period, the following matters were considered by the Board and demonstrate how the directors have complied with their statutory duties and in particular s.172 CA 2006 duty to promote the success of the Company: • The Board updated the corporate strategy at a two-day Strategic meeting. As part of this, Ford Credit is working with Ford to deliver the accelerated electrification strategy and refocusing on the sale of commercial vehicles; • The Board considered the progress against the corporate strategic objectives and plans by reviewing metrics and actions via the CEO's report at each board meeting; • The Board reviewed the updated business plan and funding strategy in support of the acceleration of the electrification of the Ford of Europe product line-up. As part of this, the Board has also supported the modernisation of the Company's IT receivables platform to enable the increased penetration into commercial vehicle sales and continues to focus on cost efficiencies; • The Board continued to monitor the long-term capital and liquidity issues considering the global pandemic and impact of the semi-conductor microchip shortage. Scenario planning tools have been developed to assess the impact of changes in the macro economic environment on the balance sheet; • The Board considered its existing executive leadership team to determine how it could be more diverse with a view to introducing dynamic innovation within the team; • The Board challenged Executive Management on the volume and quality of Management Information received; • The Board received and reviewed information on employee wellbeing initiatives; • The Board reviewed and deliberated on the activities carried out at the Manchester Business Centre Operations with a focus on delivering the group's goal of treating customers fairly as well as like family to enhance customer loyalty and optimising the centre's efficiency. Furthermore, the Board has considered the development of a new framework to measure performance against conduct risk; • The Board ensured that the Company complied with its duties to treat customers fairly and received a report at each of its meetings focusing on the topic with metrics and monitors FOS adjudications to identify trends and lessons learnt to improve decision making; • The Board reviewed the progress being made to enhance the Company's eCommerce marketplace capabilities as well as the digital customer interaction platform with a view to delivering an enhanced and better customer interaction and experience; • The Board continued to review the support being provided to retail and wholesale customers who have been impacted by the pandemic; I • The Board continued to monitor the expansion of the retail deposits business as well as the roll out of Ford Money application; • The Board reviewed the performance and governance of the Company's insurance product portfolio; • The Board continued to focus on ensuring that the Company had a robust and resilient Cybersecurity Incident Plan. • The Board had oversight of the completion of the Brexit Implementation Strategy. Following on from this, the Board is continuing to ensure that Ford Credit's European structure is streamlined and fit for purpose;    The Board is continuing to focus on further developing the Ford Credit Culture to be a product driven and customer organisation. As part of this, the Board is working with executive management to identify key metrics within a conduct and culture dashboard with a view to identifying early warning indicators which could jeopardise customer loyalty or potentially cause customer harm; I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I • The Board via delegation to the Chief Financial Officer continued to support the timely publication of the Company's payment practices report and support practices to ensure payments practices satisfy statutory requirements; • The Board continued to support the timely publication of the Company's Modern Slavery Statement and supports practices within the group to prevent modern slavery practices; • The Board fulfilled their obligations in respect of their transparent interactions with the regulators as well as the development and approval of key documents required by regulators including the ICAAP, ILAAP, RRP and Solvent Wind down Assessment; • The Board has continued to monitor the development of the framework to underpin its key business services as part of the Operational Resilience Programme; • The Board has continued to monitor the development of a robust ESG strategy and plan in line with the regulatory requirements; • The Board receives periodic Compliance Co.ntrols reports (in relation to staff training, compliance metrics and AML) and periodic internal & external audit reports; • The Board has continued to monitor the status of the delivery of the regulatory reporting automation project; • The Board has continued to monitor the LIBOR transition programme; • The Board has continued to proactively monitor the horizon risks that could impact the Company's operations; • The Board reviewed and supported the timely publication of the Gender Pay Report covering gender pay and bonus gaps and the work that is being done to support women's advancement and development; • The Board continued to receive a status update on staff matters covering morale, mental well being initiatives as well as the approach to implementing a hybrid work model; • The Board received and deliberated a Health and Safety Report as well as updates on the Culture Sprint projects. • The Board received SME briefings to enhance their knowledge on key thematic issues to ensure that they can collectively make sound decisions in respect of matters considered; • The Board received periodic updates on significant legal matters and ensured that adequate provisions are made, where necessary; • The Board received status updates on relevant strategic projects; • The Board reviewed the performance of executive management and other senior managers to ensure that their delegated responsibilities were being performed. Furthermore, they have ensured that adequate succession plans are in place for key roles. Committees of the Board The Board has constituted five direct sub-committees, these are the Audit, Risk, Remuneration, Executive and Administration committees. The Board periodically reviews their composition to ensure an appropriate balance and good mix of skills and experience. It also periodically reviews the committees' activities and terms of reference, which contain their delegated authorities and risk responsibilities. The Terms of Reference for the Audit, https://www.fcebank.com/investor-center.html. Risk and Remuneration Committees can be found on FCE's website The report of the work of the Board Audit Committee can be found on pages 36 and 37. Details on the risk functions and work of the Board Risk Committee can be found on page 13 of the Strategic Report. During the reporting period, the Remuneration Committee (RemCo) met six times. In the first quarter, the RemCo reviewed compensation awards made to the bank's Material Risk Takers to ensure alignment of pay and performance within the company's prescribed risk appetite framework, ensuring alignment with Proportionality Level Two pay-out requirements. During the reporting period the RemCo also reviewed succession plans for all senior roles, reviewed development plans for the new Board chair and new CEO, deliberated the leadership team diversity, reviewed and approved FCE's unaudited 'Pillar 3 Disclosures' regarding remuneration, reviewed remuneration related policies, reviewed the gender pay report, reviewed the culture framework and received updates on employee wellbeing initiatives.    The Executive Committee (EC}, chaired by FCE's CEO, provides direction, monitors performance and ensures FCE has the capabilities, resources and effective controls to deliver its Business Plan. The EC has sixteen members, three of whom are Executive Directors. The· EC includes individuals responsible for Deposits, Sales and Marketing, Information Technology, Legal, Risk Management and Compliance, Strategy, Finance, Operations, Human Resources; Products, Markets and Communications. The EC held 12 meetings during 2021. The Administrative Committee comprises any two· Executive Directors and meets when required. It considers and approves operational matters delegated to it and the execution of contracts not otherwise the subject of general management delegated authorities. The full sub-committee structure is set out below:    2021 Membership and Attendance I Board Board Audit ·committee Remuneration Committee Board Risk Committee Number of Directorships Meetings held 6 4 6 5 I Attendance N K Ahluwalia 6/6 6 I CA Bilyeu 5/6 4 NA Ceeney 6/6 4/4 6/6 5/5 9 T Ferreira 6/6 4/4 5/6 5/5 4 I PR Kiernan 6/6 2 MM Martel 2/2 2 B O'Connor 6/6 4/4 6/6 5/5 2 I J Reed 6/6 4/4 6/6 5/5 4 K Robinson 6/6 3 T C Schneider 6/6 5/5 3 I I I I I CD Treadway 5/5 4 Other Governance Risk Management and Internal Control The Board ensures that FCE's systems of effective corporate governance are supported by effective internal controls that apply to both its strategies and operations. Details of FCE's Three Lines of Defence model can be found on page 13 of the Strategic Report.    Financial Reporting FCE has developed strong and defined internal controls, including controls over financial reporting. The financial statements were prepared and reviewed by the entire executive team and subject matter experts within the business, prior to submission to the Audit Committee. The Audit Committee has considered the content, accuracy and tone of the disclosures in the Annual Report. The Board has reviewed and approved the Annual Report following the review by the Audit Committee. This governance process has ensured that both management and the Board were given enough opportunity to review and challenge the financial statements and other significant disclosures before they are made public. I I I The process is designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial· reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external reporting purposes in accordance with international accounting standards in conformity with the requirements of the Companies Act 2006 and FCE's Group financial statements in accordance with the UK adoped international accounting standards. Ford's Internal General Auditor's Office (GAO) Ford's GAO is independent from FCE. Its coverage. is based on the relative risk assessment of each 'audit entity', which is defined as a collection of processes and systems that are closely related. The Audit Committee reviews the GAO's audit plan and resources for appropriateness. The GAO's mission, as the third line of defence, is to provide objective assurance and advisory services to management, in order to improve the efficiency and effectiveness of FCE operations and assist the Company in achieving its objectives through systemic and disciplined auditing. Statutory auditor rotation PwC, FCE's prior statutory auditor, reached the maximum permitted tenure for auditors of public interest entities in 2020 .. Following the conclusion of a competitive tender process by the Audit Committee and a comprehensive transition process, BDO were appointed as FCE's external auditor for the year ending 31 December 2021 on 8 th April 2021 at the Company's Annual General Meeting.    External Audit BOO LLP (BOO) conducts audits of FCE's Group financial statements prepared in accordance with UK adopted international accounting standards (IFRS), and Company financial statements prepared in accordance with UK adopted international accounting standards and the Companies Act 2006. I I I I I I I I I I I I I The Audit Committee reviews BDO's continued independence, performance, significant relationships and compliance with relevant ethical and professional guidance. The Audit Committee makes a recommendation to FCE's Directors on the appointment of the auditor who then propose the appointment to shareholders who appoint the auditors at the Annual General Meeting. In addition, the Audit Committee reviews BDO's audit plan, its scope and cost effectiveness and the audit fee. BDO's audit fees for 2021 are outlined in Note 5 'Operating Expenses'. Independence To help ensure that the auditors' independence and objectivity are not prejudiced by the provision of non-audit services, the Audit Committee has implemented procedures to ensure that: • Non-audit work suggested to be performed by BOO is approved upfront to ensure only permissible non-audit services are performed; • All non-audit work by BOO is pre-approved by the Audit Committee unless the amount involved is minimal. The annual remuneration for any non-audit work performed by the statutory auditor should not exceed 70% threshold of the audit fees for the year in line with the requirements. Additionally, it has been agreed that the external auditors should generally be excluded from providing permitted advisory services and all other non-audit related services, unless the firm appointed as external auditor is: • The only provider of the specific expertise/service required • The clear leader in the provision of the service and is able to provide that service on a competitively priced basis As auditors, BOO will undertake work that they must or are best placed to complete. This includes formalities related to borrowings or work in respect to regulatory reports. The appropriateness of proposed engagements are reviewed by the Audit Committee in the light of relevant Ethical Standards, Securities and Exchange Commission requirements and the considerations highlighted on pages 36 and 37.    AuditCommitteeReport Composition, skills and experience Under the chairmanship of Talita Ferreira, the other members of the Audit. Committee ("the Committee") during the year were John Reed, Natalie Ceeney, and Brendan O'Connor. All members of the Committee are independent Non-Executive Directors. The qualifications and experience of the members of the Committee are set out on pages 29 and 31. The Company is satisfied that the Committee members have recent and relevant experience in the sector that the Company operates. The Company is satisfied that Ms Ferreira has the necessary competence in accounting and auditing. The Chief Executive Officer, Chief Finance Officer, Chief Risk Officer, Company Secretary, Legal Affairs Director, Head of Internal Control and Head of Internal Audit are invited to attend Committee meetings along with the External Auditors who are invited to attend and report at all meetings. The Committee also meets periodically with the internal and external auditors, without management being present. The Committee met four times during the year and the member attendance list can be found on page 34. Terms of Reference The terms of reference of the Committee, which are updated annually, can be found on the Company'.s website www.fcebank.com. The responsibilities of the Commi~ee include: • Monitoring the financial reporting process and submit recommendations or proposals to ensure its integrity; • Monitoring the effectiveness of the Company's internal quality control, risk management systems and processes, and, where applicable the internal audit function; • Reviewing the arrangements and processes for developing the Recovery and Resolution Planning; • Monitoring the performance of the statutory audit of the annual and consolidated financial statements; I • Reviewing and monitoring the independence of the statutory auditor, and in particular the appropriateness of the provision of non-audit services; • Informing the Board of the outcome of the statutory audit and explaining how the statutory audit contributed to the integrity of financial reporting and what the role of the Audit Committee was in that process; I I I I I I • Overseeing the selection process of the statutory auditor and making a recommendation to the Board in respect to the appointment of the statutory auditor; • Reviewing the accuracy and quality of regulatory reporting including the implement13tionof new regulatory requirements, as applicable. The Board Audit Committee's Work In fulfilling its role and responsibilities, the Committee has carried out the following activities during the year: • Kept under review the effectiveness of FCE's governance, risk and control frameworks, including the receipt of periodic reports on the integrity of financial reporting, the reliability of regulatory reporting, progress against internal audit plans and management's approach to self-identifying, managing and closing operational audit comments as well as the identification of any thematic trends and how the root causes have been addressed; • Reviewed and approved the Internal Audit annual work plan. The annual work plan focused on key risks and key internal controls. The Committee also reviewed internal audit resources allocation required to meet the audit plan including the outsourcing of a portion of the internal audit work to a third party; • Reviewed the content of the Annual Report and Accounts including the effectiveness of governance and quality assurance, management representations, going concern statements and the unaudited 'Pillar 3 Disclosures' in the context of the impact of COVI D-19, the implementation of the Brexit strategy and the uncertain economic outlook; • Reviewed the fact that the information presented in the Annual Report, when taken as a whole, is fair, balanced and understandable and contains the information necessary to assess FCE's position and performance, business model and strategy; • Reviewed and approved the annual external audit plan ensuring it focused on significant audit risks, monitored the Company's response to audit findings and approved the audit fees; I I • Reviewed the external auditor's performance including the audit and non-audit services provided by them during the year and considered the policy for n'on-audit services to ensure that auditor objectivity and independence was safeguarded. The Committee reviewed each area of non-audit work performed above the required threshold of 70% of the average audit fees for the previous three years and considered the relevant safeguards the auditors had put in place to address any potential threat to independence;    The Board Audit Committee's Work continued • Received status updates and monitored the implementation of the project to automate regulatory reporting; • Reviewed FCE's going concern paper and challenged the ability of the Group to withstand severe but plausible downside scenarios; • Scrutinised how the Company is responding to and is complying with significant accounting, regulatory and legal developments affecting it and considered how these matters have been reflected in the Annual Report, including both the accounting adopted and the disclosures made; • Reviewed the Company's tax strategy and relevant policy statements; • Continued to review its effectiveness against predetermined objectives defined by the committee and wider stakeholders as part of a wider board effectiveness review; • Reviewed the Dividend Payment, Provisioning, Pillar 3 and Internal Management and Public Disclosure of Inside Information Policy Statements; • Reviewed the Recovery Plan; • Reviewed the Modern Slavery and Human Trafficking Statement and the framework underpinning the Statement I I I I I I I I I I I I • Reviewed internal audit reports, including those in relation to: Ford Bank GmbH and its relocation, Robotic Process Automation, Models Reports, Business Continuity Planning, Treasury & Liquidity Management, Data Retention, Retail Deposits, Anti Money Laundering Continuous Monitoring, User Developed Applications, Internal Capital Adequacy Assessment Process (ICAAP) & Capital, Internal Liquidity Adequacy Assessment (ILAAP), eCommerce, Disaster Recovery, Data Privacy, Operational Risk Management, Supplier Risk Management, Worldwide Trade Finance, European Insurance, Compliance Function, Remuneration System, External Audit, Forbearance and Arrears Management Information, Provisioning Process, Business Managed IT, Residual Value Risk Management and Retail and Lease Credit, Regulatory Reporting; Continued to review the impact of the global pandemic on FCE's culture and control environment; Monitored the evolution of credit loss reserves and evaluation of management judgement overlays in relation to modelled losses; Reviewed the Audit Regulator's inspection report on BOO; Received briefings on key thematic issues, namely, Audit Culture, Climate Change Reporting, the proposed UK government Audit & Governance Reform, Regulatory Reporting and the proposed changes in relation to Consumer Duty; Selected a firm to undertake a Quality Assessment review of the Internal Audit function during 1H 2022.
