   Corporate Governance Report For the year ended 28 February 2022, under the Regulations, the Group and Company has applied the Wates Corporate Governance Principles (as published by the Financial Reporting Council in December 2018). Our application of each principle is outlined below. Principle 1 - Purpose and Leadership Purpose:·deliver industry leading services which includes residential care, outreach care and supported living homes for people with learning disabilities and complex needs including mental health needs. The Board ensures that the company operates with a clear sense of purpose and collective vision. Values: our core values are as follows: • Making things happen: We have the passion, energy and resilience to overcome challenges and achieve together. • Having fun: we get the most out of every day and celebrate our achievements and successes. • Being Brave: We are creative and confident, empowering the people supported and our teams to achieve amazing things. • Valuing everyone: We value the unique talents of every individual and work together to help everyone achieve their potential. Strategy: Consideration of, and monitoring of performance against, the strategy that is undertaken by the Board. Consideration is given to the impact of the Group's operations on various stakeholder groups. The Group is Ethically-led and is committed to operating its business with the interests of the Group's employees and wider stakeholders in mind. Principle 2 - Board Composition The Board is chaired by an independent non-executive Mike Parish, and composed of senior executives from within the Group as well as other non-executive directors. The Board actively works to improve the diversity at every level of our business. Diversity, equality and gender parity are business priorities of the Group. We have made progress in female representation at the top level of our organisation. The Board's directors keep their knowledge, skills and familiarity with the business up-to-date by engaging with senior management and by updating with internal and external training. Principle 3 - Director Responsibilities The Board as a whole includes the right level of skillsand experience to cater for the needs of the business and provides focus on operational governance. The Board receives regular reports from Management at its meetings, reviews the information provided and provides appropriate challenge. The data provided to the Board is continuously reviewed and enhanced where necessary to ensure that the right focus is applied to performance against strategy. Principle 4 - Opportunity and Risk The Board is responsible for strategic decision-making and risk management to retain the success of the Company by identifying opportunities to create and preserve value. The Board receives regular reports which includes identification and mitigation of the risks to the business. Principle 5 - Remuneration One of the objectives of the Remuneration Committee is to attract and retain talented and experienced executives accordingly, compensation is set at a level competitive with the market. The Compensation Programme is applicable to the Group's directors, uses a combination of base pay and incentive programmes linked to financial and strategic performance objectives. Principle 6 - Stakeholders As a provider of residential care, outreach care and supported living homes for people with learning disabilities    and complex needs including mental health needs business providing a range of outsourced services to its clients, the Group recognises the impact its operations have on a wide range of stakeholders, particularly its employees, customers and suppliers. Stakeholder engagement is embedded at all levels of the organisation with clear direction from the Board and senior Management.
