   Gist Limited Corporate Co\'crmmce Statement fo1· the Period ended I Janmu·y 2022 For the year ended 3 I Dt!cembcr 2021, under The Companies (~·li:-ccllancous Reporting) Regulations 20 IR. {i1-;l Ltd complied wilh the Wates Corporate Reporting Principles for l.argc P1wale Companies, published by lhc Financial Reporting Council m !k..:cmbcr 2018 and available on the FRC website. Gist Ltd (the "Company"), ls a subsidiary of its ultimate parent undertaking, l.indc pk, and as such, dcments of its corporate governance framework are set and managed hy Lindt· pie.    Directors' rcpori f<ff the SJ n·cck period ended I ,January 2022 (con1inucdJ. rhc C\m1pany ts managed by its statutory d1n:ctors (togl.!thl!r the "R(,ard") and a senior kadership team, \\·hid1 is comprised of tm:mbcrs of the Company's senior managcrJH:nl and the Company's Bo.ird C-Scnlor l.cadcrsl11p Team") (list's corporak g~,\·crnan.:c arrangements <1rc111anagcdhy the Senior Leadership Team We have set out below hmv Gist l.td has complied with the p1i11cipks over the past financial year and highlighted where we follow the Linde group corporak governance framework Priflciplt' I• Purpore am/ Leadership The key strategic focus of the Senior l.c.idcrship Team during 2021 wa'i to prn\'idc oversight, lc.tdcrship and suppo1t in response to the ong()ing Covid-19 pandemic, 1..·halknginglabour markets, iuitiak our sustainability strategy and progrc~s our ongorng husmess transformation agenda. 'J he Senior leadership Team continued to provide leadership in navigating the impact. and response to, the ongoing Covid-19 pandemic This included interaction with government and industry bodies to ensure lhe latest regulatory rcqu1remenl.'> were understood and implcrnentcd. Close and frequent liaison with key cusiomers to adapt and amend our processes and ways ofwmking to ensure continuit) ofscrviec. Ongoing support of our comprehensive ('ovid-19 fiamcwork to ensure policie;;, procedures, comrnunication, monitoring, reporting and employee support continued operating in line with the most recent govern1n,:11tguidance. Rohu.~t health and safety protocols continued across all sites, with mobilisation of r,:mote workmg wh,:rc able, when required Our framework included a phased withdrawal of these protocols i11 line with glwc, nment guiddi11cs. During 2021. the introduction of JR35 tax changes. impact of Covid- Jg on labour supply and an agcmg drm.::rworkfon.:c resulted in a chalkriging driver labour market. In response, the Senior l.cadership Team provided strategic direi.::tionand oversight to a scri::, of internal and joint custom.::r progra1111ncsto mitigate resoun.:mg constraints and improve retention of existing employees Tim included the dcvelopnh!nt of our 0\\11 accredited IIGV training and testing centre, dnv1ng apprcntiet'ships, internal 'warehouse to wheels' scheme and a market leading retention and attraction rctnLmcrat1on stratcµ,y were succc:-;,;tllllyimplemented i)urin!l 2021, the Sl!nior l.eadersl11p Team established a working group, led by the Communications Director, to identify climate related risb and opportunities, and assist in the dc~-clopment of the company\ first Sustainability strategy Following a chane1,cin Board leadership in the previous year, the Board continued 1he process ofrefres!11ng Lhestrategic and cultural direction of the business. The Senior Leadership Team continued its planned programme of transformation to align itself ttwre closely with its stakehol(kr rcqmrcments and expcc1at1ons This transformation activity was umkrpinncd by a c\cai statement of dircctio11, and included a commitment to re-set the supporting culture and ways nf working to c11s111·cthat the business and its employees were strndun::d and resourced with the appropriate skills and experience The Senior Leadership Team bdicv,,:s thc cuhural change is driven by thc ·tone at the top', and as such. a new vision and values was formally launched across the bu'>incss in ~arly 2021, supported by a nc\\' Perforrn:rnce ,md Dc,·cl11pmcnr process, focusing rnt demonstrating behavinms in line with our ,·,dues, as well as dclivct)' Gist's vision "To deli\'er industry leadmg !ogistks and supply chain transformation for the benefit of our customers and shareholders"', is s11pporl<!<lby new values and behaviours, whereby the Gist business and its employees aim to be· '"Progressive - \\C Hmovatc and deliver change to make us better·•: ",\ecmmtab!c - we take responsibility for delivering exceptional pcrfornrnncc", "Collaborative - we \\'Ork in partnership to achieve wiuniug m,tcomes"; a11d"Ethical - we consistently do tl!c right thing". The vismn, rnlues and supporting bchavi()urs 1s 111anag,c<l::ind operated across the Gist group of companies.    Directors' l'C(lort for the 53 week period cndctl I .Janual'y 2022 (conlinucd), Directors have regular dialnguc and rcccivc focdhack from its ultimatc parent compauy, I.ind,;: pie. ln addition. cmploycc cngagerrn:111 includes regular comt11unk;1tin11cas;cmk'>, group briclings, trade uuion engagement and cmployci.: cngagemcnt surv..:ys. A rc,·icw of feedback ensures thal the Senior Leadership Team rnonito1s the continm:d ,·is1hilit) and undcr.'>landin!_.!nfthc purpose, direct inn and culh1rc of the business PrbJcipli>'J - Ro11r,JOm1posili011 I hc (Jisl Board consists of the Chid Executive Otlicc1 (CEO), and Finan<.:cDir..:ctm The Senior Leadership Team 1s rcsponsihlc for the management of the Gist group or companies, and for ensuring that the (iist group and Company strategics arc rolled nut and implemented s11ecessful!y As part of the m1goi11gbusiness transfornrntion activity, the Scni01 Lcadersl11pT..:am was restructured A number of external appointments were subscqm:ntly tllade during 2021, to strcng,thcn 1he experience and skill base within tlie Scnio1 I .cadcrship Team and to st1pport the strakgic direction and priorities nf the business, with e.xtcrna! appom1mc11/5acrms Ille following rok•s: 1/um,w ll<-·sources Din:c/or. Chief Jnformalirni O/li<:cr and /h:a/1/J. .Safety and \Vcllncss Director The I lead ofCor11rnunica1ions was formally appomlcd as the Cnmmunieation and Suslamabd1ty Direcwr in ,;:arly 2022. The Senior Leadership Team consis1s of the Chief Exer.:uti\'e Officer, Finance Director, Chief Information Officer, sttpported hy Functional Directors, Op..::ratinnal D1re..:tors and the I lcahh, Safety and Wellness Director. The si7c and composition of the Senior Leadaship TeJm is considcn:d appropriate gi\.·cn th.: nature of the Company and its position within the Linde {iroup. Thcrc arc no independent no11-cxccu!1vcdirectors within the Senior Leadership Team. llowcvcr, g1wn that the Company is a norH.:on: business alld st1hsidiary of l.m<lc pk, we believe there is a sufficient level of mdcpendent challenge and rigorous review by the parent company. tog.ether with support from cxkmal experts, where rdcvant, over the Compa11y\ strategy, approach and dccis1011making process. The Senior Leadership Team, kd by thc Communicatiolls and Sustainability Din:ctor, h<L'icolkcti\'e responsibility for tmpkmentmg our Suslaillabi!tty strategy and roadmap, and driving positive change through our Environ111c111albusiness ubjecti\'es and priorities The Senior l .l.'adc1sliip Team rcmai11s committed to nrnking lhc Compa1\y an cver~morc mclusivc environment should increase diversity over time, including at the most senior le\'t:ls. which for all Hoard meetings, a chair is elected at the star! of each mcctmg and formal practices followed with respect to prm:edurcs. papers and approvals 111 line\\ ilh best pracl1cc ,md Com paid es Act n::quircrnents. Senior l.eader~hip Team rncc1ings arc chaired by the CEO and provide a constructive fornm for eusuring that members arc i11formcd of business issue;; ;uid risks, prnvidcd with tl\'ersight across operational a1cas and arc able lll make informed decisions in a timdy manner Directors update 1he1r skills. knowledge and familiarity with all operational, legal and regulatory requirements !hrnugh briefings from functional hellds and snbjcc1 matter experts and attend train mg as required Prillcip/e 3 - Director,\' Responsihilitief Each member of the Senior Leadership Team has a clear understanding of their accou11tabilities and responsibilities Newly appointed directors arc briefed on their specific responsibil1ties, and fire n1cntored and supported by existing memh,::rs    Oi1·cctors' report for lhc SJ week pcriotl ended l .January 2022 (continued). Board m..:c1i11gsarc hdd as and when r.:quircd hJ rnccl all statutory legal obligations. The Sc11ior Leackrshil) Team planning and other focus area-; has scheduled rcgula1 weekly meeting:,,, plu.;; ad-hoc ,tdditional s...:ssions for strat..:gk The Senior 1.cadcrship Team receives 1cg11larreports, which arc rcvicw..:d as part nf the standing agenda. and rnclu<lcs key c11111mcrcialand operational performance rcpmtinf, financial, sakty mlo1111a1tonand KPls As part of thi.: wc<.:kly mccling, Ille Scni11rl,cadcrsh1p Team rcv1c1vsall key asrccts of the bu-;incss includmg people and 01hcr areas of strategic importance. l'ri11ciple 4 - Opporllmity nwl Ri."ik The !-icnior Leadership Team seeks out oppnrtumtics, whilst mitigating risk Opponw1itJ' Long tc1111strategic o~)ponunltics ,m: c,1pturcd as part of the annual Gist group strategic ptcscntcd to Linde planning process which is Short term opportu111ticsarc captured through periodic htbincss and performance reviews which arc allcndcd by the senio1 1cam from each of the Company's opcratim1al bu-;incss areas Risk S11pportis current I) pro\'idcd to the S<..'.niorLeadership Team h) the risk management lll11ct1011within the Lmdc pie group l'ri11c1plc risk~. impact and associated mitigating actions arc re\'iewed on a quarterly basis and suhmilted through the Linde risk management system The Company's prirn.:ipal risk and mitigations arc outlined in the strategic report A list of emerging risks are managed by the CEO. An em..:rging risk is indudcd on the principal risk rcgi5ter once its likelihood and impact of occurrence becomes n1c11crialto the Gist group The Internal Contrnl framework covers all delegations ofauthonlics; policies, prm:csscs, pwccdures and .-.tructurcs within Gba that assists manag,cmeut and ultimately the Senior Leadership Team, to ensur.: that (iist's busmcss is conducted ethically; the Company·s assds. tncluding its people and brand arc safeguarded; its financial reporting is materially correct und the Cnmpany is compliant with all applicable laws a11dregulations (iL,t utilises a Sdf-Assc'>smcnt Operational Audit Model Accou111ab1lstyfor our operational standards and ongoing monitoring of comp!im1cc against our information man,1gemcnt system ("IMS ..) protocol rests within the operntioual 1eporting line. with senior operational subject matter experts responsibk for cns11ring the \\,l.S retle<.:.tsthe latest Gist standards and regulatory requirements. Monitoring of the effectiveness. and implementation of the Self-Assessment Audit Model is supponcd by a central Audit Manciger 'I lie Linde pie group Internal Audit team c<UTicsout financial and IT related indcpcndent audits, in line with the Linde i111crnal audit programme Comprehensive and detailed tinancial reporting and KPI variance analy.;;is is earned out, with weekly reviews by the Senior I ,eadcrship Team, suppmting prompt and reactive dccisicn making Pri11cip/e5 ~ Rem1111err,rim1 The tcmuncration fram<:,\01k ic; set by the I lum;,r\ Capita! Committee (formerly the Compcnsatirni and can be reviewed under,    llfrcctors' I, 11p~· 1/1l'11 GIST Ll:\IITEll report for the 53 W('Ck11cdod ended I ,lanu:H)' 2022 (conlinuctl). 1 11• I I nde. c0111/-/1 llf!du.t •I 111dd111e 1-gel'idoc II me 11tslcorpora1 P-gove ma 1/Ci'-'h 11111a11- la /-(_·011u11111ee"cl iar I er. pd_( The remuneration of the Company's CEO (inclu<l111gall salary. bonus and other benefits) arc appron:<l by I .indc pie, in lmc with compcnsat1011policy. The rcmuncrntion of the Company·s directors arc disclosed in the not<.:sto the finaucial qar1·111r-111s.All directors have scn·icc contracts with 1l1cCompany whid1 may tic tcnninalcd within three or six months {dependant ()II date ofJoini11g) by either parly The Company operate~ a11 equitable and consistent approach to n:muncrntion f(w all (iist directors, within the paramckrs established by the remuneration framework set by Linde pie employees, including its Pa) rates an: competiti\'c for our indwary and bendits arc broadly consistc11t <1crossGist's hu~incsse~ and entities. (iist's management grndcs (incll1ding dircctms) arc banded according to l.1mk policy, with b,:nchmarking carried out on an annual llasis across management grades and roles to ensure that the Cnmpany is ah!e to maki.: !.:tllllpet1ti,·eol'!erings to new employees and to retain existing employees. Employees in 11011-managcmcm roks arc largely employed with contrads based upon spot rates (hat remove vunanecs in gender pay and ensures pay rntcs in line \\itll our industr) The Senior Leadership Team rc\·ic,\s and sig.ns off pay awards annual basis f(ir both management and non-management grades on a11 Short and long-term bonus schemes arc set by Linde pie and arc clearly linked to (iist's standards Details of our annt1al gender pay gap r,:prnt an; published on om wehs11..:''"w g1stwmld.com pcrforman...:e. key KP\s and Principle 6 - Slake/wider Relationship.\· muJ f,,·11gageme11t The Senior Leadership Team recognises the impact its rkcision, understand the importuncc of engagement with its stakcholde!'s. can have 011its internal and cxtcrnal stakeholders and Fmther i11fonnat1011on thc Company's -.takehold..:rs and its engagement m..:thods can be found under the S l 72 scd1011 the Strategic Report, puhli..,hed on our website. www gist,\orld com
