   CORPORATE GOVERNANCE STATEMENT Greencore Prepared Meals Limited (the 'Company') is Greencore Group pie (the 'Group's) principal convenience food manufacturing subsidiary of the group in the UK comprising of convenience food, comprising chilled ready meals, quiche, chilled soup and chilled sauces. Oversight of the Group, including the Company, is carried out at Group level which is responsible for setting strategic priorities including supporting stakeholder engagement. As usual with large companies, the Group delegates authority for the control and direction of the Company to the Company's Board and has delegated the day to day management of the Company to the Group Chief Executive Officer and the Group Leadership Team. To ensure alignment with the legal entity framework members of the Group Executive team make up the directors of the Company, together with a finance expert. Certain governance responsibilities relevant to the Group, including the Company, are delegated by the Group Board to Board committees (Audit and Risk, Remuneration and Nomination and Governance) which support the Board in carrying out its duties. The committees comprise of Group non-executive directors to provide appropriate external perspective and challenge. The Group promotes high standards of corporate governance throughout the organisation and the Company's Board upholds these standards. The Company's Board holds meetings as and when required to consider the impact of key proposals and material matters affecting its business. For the period ended 24 September 2021, under the Companies (Miscellaneous Reporting) Regulations 2018, the Company, as a subsidiary of the Group, has applied The Wates Corporate Governance Principles for Large Private Companies as a means of explaining the Company's corporate governance policies and processes and how these operate to achieve better business outcomes. The Company has followed the suggested 'apply and explain' approach by considering each of the six Wates Corporate Governance Principles for Large Private Companies individually, applying these within the context of the Group and the Company's specific circumstances and providing an explanation of our approach to their application below.    PURPOSE AND LEADERSHIP An effective board develops and promotes the purpose of a company, and ensures that its values, strategy and culture align with that purpose. Purpose During the financial year, the Group launched our new purpose of 'Making every day taste better'. Our purpose reflects our ongoing ambitions to always strive for better. Every day, under the Group's leadership, our colleagues make a positive contribution to the lives of many people, including by providing convenient, nutritious, and tasty food for our customers and consumers whilst sourcing responsibly. Values and Culture We strive to create a culture of trust and openness to foster a resilient and sustainable approach to business. We remain deeply committed to investing in our people, so that they can bring out the best in themselves. We pride ourselves on providing an inclusive work culture where colleagues can realise their potential through continuous learning and development. We also understand that our success depends on the trust colleagues place in us to provide a safe and healthy working environment. Part of this means creating a culture that encourages our colleagues to make informed choices about their physical and emotional wellbeing. Strategy The Group's strategy is grounded in three pillars of Growth, Relevance and Differentiation. We are part of a growth-oriented Group, constantly seeking to operate and win in categories, channels and with customers that outperform the overall food market. Our ability to do this is ~ased on ever-increasing relevance both with our customers and the end consumer, grounded in the quality of products that we produce and the depth of the relationships we build. We differentiate through a distinctive, repeatable 'Greencore Way' of working that in turn draws on four critical elements - our recognition that our people are at the core of our success, our unrelenting commitment to producing great food, an aspiration for excellence in all that we do and a desire to continuously improve the sustainability of our business. These pillars have remained relevant throughout the financial year, despite a radically altered business environment resulting from the COVID-19 disruption. BOARD COMPOSITION Effective board composition requires an effective chair and a balance of skills, backgrounds, experience and knowledge, with individual directors having sufficient capacity to make a valuable contribution. The size of a board should be guided by the scale and complexity of the company. Collectively and individually, the Board of directors of the Company are highly experienced with a wide range of skills, understanding and expertise which facilitates effective and purposeful leadership. The Directors' individual capabilities, as well as the effective processes and structures in place, ensure that-the highest standards of corporate governance are preserved. Balance and diversity The Board recognises the benefits of diversity and believes that having a diverse Board enables wider perspectives which facilitates more effective discussions and decision making. The Board is committed to ensuring that its composition is diverse and balanced. Due regard is given to diversity, including ethnic and social diversity as well as diversity of gender, backgrounds, and cognitive and personal strengths. All Board appointments are made on merit against objective criteria, in the context of the overall balance of skills, experience, expertise and backgrounds that the Board needs to remain effective. Size and structure The Board undertakes a detailed review of Board composition to ensure that the Board is of the correct size, structure and composition, with no one individual or small group having the ability to dominate decision making on a regular basis. Effectiveness Directors keep their skills, knowledge and familiarity with the Company up to date by meeting with other members of senior management, and by attending company events and appropriate external seminars and training.    DIRECTOR RESPONSIBILITIES The board and individual directors should have a clear understanding of their accountability and responsibilities. The board's policies and procedures should support effective decision-making and independent challenge. Accountability The Group has in place a well-developed and embedded framework which sets out the Group's Code of Ethics and Business Conduct and policies and procedures. In addition, the Company has established a standalone governance framework including well developed and clearly documented Matters Reserved for the Board, which are aligned to the Group's framework and which have been designed to meet the Company's requirements on a standalone basis. The Company ensures that each of the individual directors have a clear awareness and understanding of their accountability and responsibilities. The Board has reserved certain principal matters for its own approval and has delegated the day to day management of the Company to the Chief Executive Officer and the Group Leadership Team. The Group Leadership Team is chaired by the Chief Executive Officer and its membership comprises of the leaders of Technical, Sustainability, Purchasing, IT, Business Unit Leaders, Finance, Commercial, Operations and Company Secretariat and Legal. Integrity of information The Board receives regular updates from members of the Group Leadership Team and around the business in relation to the work undertaken. OPPORTUNITY AND RISK A board should promote the long-term sustainable success of the company by identifying opportunities to create and preserve value and establishing oversight for the identification and mitigation of risks. Opportunity and Risk The Company understands the importance of seeking opportunities for growth and the criticality of identifying, assessing, and prioritising its risks in order to help manage and mitigate the probability and impact of these risks materialising. Risk and risk management processes are developed at Group level and are applied across all subsidiaries, including the Company. Responsibilities The Group has established a culture of effective risk management by identifying and monitoring material risks, setting risk appetite and determining the risk tolerance of the Group. The Company receives updates from the Head of Risk Management in relation to the processes in place. The Board of the Group is responsible for establishing and maintaining appropriate systems and controls to manage risk within the Group and to secure compliance with relevant laws and regulations. The Audit and Risk Committee, under delegation from the Board of the Group, examines the Group's risk management systems on a regular basis. The Audit and Risk Committee is responsible for assessingthe design, operation, and monitoring by management of the Group's internal control systems. It is also responsible for overseeing the effectiveness of the Group's internal control environment. Whilst the Board of the Group as a whole is responsible for the Group's system of internal control, each of the individual business units and functional management teams drive the process through which principal and emerging risks, uncertainties and growth opportunities are identified. The Group understands that the individual business units and functional management teams are in the best position to identify the principal significant and emerging risks and uncertainties associated with their respective areas of business. Risks identified and associated mitigating controls are subject to review by the Board of the Group and the Group Audit and Risk Committee on a regular basis. REMUNERATION A board should promote executive remuneration structures aligned to the long-term sustainable success of a company, taking into account pay and conditions elsewhere in the company. The directors of the Company are remunerated by the Group as part of their overall services to the Group. The Remuneration Committee overseen by the Board of Greencore Group pie, ensures that the Group's remuneration arrangements are aligned with the Group's strategic priorities.    STAKEHOLDERRELATIONSHIPSAND ENGAGEMENT Directors should foster effective stakeholder relationships aligned to the company's purpose. The board is responsible for overseeing meaningful engagement with stakeholders, including the workforce, and having regard to their views when taking decisions. The Board is aware that our actions and decisions impact all of the Company's stakeholders. Understanding and taking into consideration the views of our stakeholders has always been of importance to us. Shareholder As a wholly owned subsidiary, the Board duly considers the views of its ultimate shareholder, Greencore Group pie., and the interests of the Group as a whole as part of any decisions and transactions undertaken by the Company. Customers The Group interacts with our customers on a daily basis at multiple levels. COVID-19 had, and continues to have, a dramatic and volatile impact on UK food consumption patterns. The Group partnered closely with customers to initially rationalise ranges at the start of the first lockdown and then to develop and re-activate ranges as stores reopened. Following the second national lockdown in the UK in November 2020, the Group once again collaborated with all customers to ensure continuity of supply. Members of the Board also meets with senior customer representatives from time to time. Our customers tell us they need support to help them grow their businesses profitability and sustainably. They seek support from us in particular to differentiate their offering and help them win in the marketplace. More recently, our customers are looking for support from us in the area of sustainability, including initiatives to reduce plastic packaging and food waste. Suppliers We interact with our suppliers on a daily basis given the level of ingredients and packaging purchases we make. In particular, key suppliers with whom we have more strategic relationships are identified by the Group. From time to time, we hold detailed workshops with these key suppliers to drive strategies for mutual benefit. Consumers To support our customer and consumer demand, the Group carried out a significant amount of analysis on the different food categories in which we operate, focusing on how the category is performing and the major trends in that category from a consumer and marketplace perspective. Employees A significant number of engagement activities with colleagues take place each year. The Group conducts an annual anonymous, 'People at the Core' engagement survey which provides insight on many areas of the employee experience and allows colleagues to share their views, both positive and negative, about their workplace. The Group also carries out listening groups, trade union and employee forum engagements as well as leadership briefings. In addition, managers are encouraged to solicit feedback from their colleagues, both formally and informally. Group-wide, our number one priority in managing the impact of COVID-19 is 'keeping our people safe'. From the outset, we were mindful of the criticality of our colleagues' physical, as well as mental, wellbeing and a number of initiatives were implemented in this regard. During the financial year, the Group introduced a peer-to-peer listening services, Talk2Us, which is a confidential service that colleagues can use for emotional and social support. This is a part of a range of occupational measures which we are taking to enhance how we support our colleagues. In addition, we issued a number of fact sheets covering a wide variety of issues to support colleagues with their mental health. Local communities We understand that our operating facilities are generally significant operations in the context of the local communities in which they are located. Colleague representatives from each site have regular dialogue with local representatives and local business groups on relevant matters. As part of the Group, we also seek to support local communities through supporting local education, food donations and charitable giving. One of our milestone goals as part of the Group's sustainability strategy is to increase our positive impact on society through our products and community engagement by 2030. We believe that working with our customers and suppliers, we can better support the redistribution of unsold food to benefit more communities in need. We intend to take a more coordinated approach to our own community strategy to improve the quality of life for people that live close to our operations.
