   Corporate Governance Group 1 Automotive UK Limited (Group 1 Automotive UK Limited and all subsidiaries to be referred to as "the UK Group") operate under one umbrella of corporate governance. The UK Group is committed to and has applied the principles of corporate governance contained in the Wates Corporate Governance Principles for large private companies for the year ended 31 December 2021. The UK Group's parent company is Group 1 Automotive Inc .. , a US corporation registered in Houston. UK Group management understands the need for sound corporate governance practices in fulfilling its respective duties and responsibilities and its policies and procedures, applied throughout the UK Group, and complies with the corporate governance listing standards of the New York Stock Exchange and the rules and regulations of the US Securities and Exchange Commission. UK Group management ha$ set Corporate Governance Guidelines, which provide the framework for governance within Group 1 and the Corporate Governance Committee regularly reviews corporate governance developments and, as needed, makes recommendations to modify these guidelines. The Corporate Governance Guidelines, together with the Code of Business Conduct and Ethics and other corporate governance materials can be obtained from the website at www.group1corp.com. Further explanation of how each principle has been applied is set out below: • Purpose and Leadership - the Senior Leadership Team (the "SLT") is responsible to the shareholders for promoting the long-term success of the UK Group and the operation of effective governance arrangements, under delegated authorities from US group management. It sets the UK Group's strategy and ensures adequate resources are in place to deliver it, underpinned by the UK Group's values, beliefs and culture. • Board Composition - the SLT is chaired by the Chief Executive Officer and comprises the directors of the UK Group and heads of functional support teams. The members of the SLT have extensive experience in their field of expertise, either as operational executives or as functional specialists. It meets regularly, generally monthly, to review and monitor strategic developments, including business development, financial performance, customer and supplier updates and people planning and development. • Directors' Responsibilities - members of the SLT have a clear understanding of their individual accountability and responsibilities, which are set by the Chief Executive Officer, and updated annually. Delegated authorities are in place to define accountabilities and authority for decision making. • Opportunity and risk - the SLT promotes the long-term sustainable success of the UK Group by identifying opportunities to create and maintain value and provides oversight for the identification and mitigation of risks. The annual budget and long-term plan are mechanisms to capture opportunities and mitigate risk and, once approved by the SLT and US group management, provide a road map against which performance is measured. Internal control systems have been established in line with group requirements (underpinned by its US listing obligations) and are regularly reviewed by Internal Audit. • Remuneration - remuneration structures are set based on market conditions and refiect the skills and experience of the SLT. Incentives are structured to align performance with the UK Group's objectives and strategy. All remuneration of the SLT is approved by US remuneration committee. • Stakeholder relationships and engagement - building and fostering constructive relationships with key stakeholders is critical to business success. The SLT oversees stakeholder engagement and refiects the importance of stakeholder views when making decisions.
