    Statement of corporate governance arrangements The Company has adopted The Wates Corporate Governance Principles for Large Private Companies. The summary below sets out how the Company has applied the six principles. Purpose and Leadership - The board of Directors recognise that the world is undergoing profound changes and that our building materials and solutions shape significant development worldwide and our purpose and leadership principles lay the foundation for the Company's future. At the centre of the Company's actions lies the Company's responsibility for the environment. The Company wants to be the leader in the industry on the path to carbon-neutrality. The Company delivers long-term financial performance through operational excellence, dedication, and openness for change. The Directors have progressive minds with the ambition to drive transformation and want to push the boundaries to strengthen innovation and deepen partnerships with customers and other stakeholders as the Company crafts material solutions for the future. The Company crafts material solutions for the future so that the world can always build on us. The Directors have defined the Company's strategy as aligning with the customers at all times in the interests of our mutual success. The Company promotes these principles and works to be the first choice for our customers, providing consistently good services and solutions and protecting the local environment. The Directors work to lead by example to ensure high ethical, social and legal standards across all of our business operations, with the Directors committed to ensuring a fair, respectful and inclusive company that encourages a culture of meritocracy, openness, transparency and diversity. The Company regularly communicates its purpose, values and strategy to its workforce to embed our key objectives and achieve the long-term success of the_Company. The Company's Employee Engagement Report sets out more information on the steps the board takes to monitor culture within our organisation. The Directors champion the ability of employees to report matters of potential misconduct through a regime of compliance policies and training, supported by an online reporting platform that provides employees and third parties with the opportunity to address compliance related concerns independently of reporting lines. The Directors have also embedded processes to identify and manage the conflicts of interest that may arise in the course of Company operations. Board Composition - the Company's board of directors is led by the chief executive officer, supported by the financial director and the managing directors of the business lines, as well as by the legal and compliance director. The Company's ultimate parent company HeidelbergCement AG has also appointed the relevant area Vorstand director to the board who, whilst not holding the formal title of Chair, may attend relevant board meetings as the senior, non-executive director. The Directors believe that this provides an appropriate balance in the context of the Company's position as a principal subsidiary of an overseas listed corporation. Since the board of the Company's ultimate parent company has its own non-executive directors as well as a Supervisory Board with its own independent Chair, the Directors are of the view that it would be neither desirable or efficient for the Company to appoint additional non-executive directors or Chair.    The Directors collectively have very extensive levels of experience in the building materials sector and bring a wide range of commercial, operational, management and professional skills to the board. The Directors are also of the view that the size of the board is sufficient and appropriate relative to the Company's turnover and businesses and provides ample capacity to oversee the operations of the Company. Directors continue their own professional development through their respective memberships of the. Institute of Quarrying, accountancy and other professional bodies. The Directors recognise that in line with much of the building materials industry, the Company has more to do to ensure better representation on our board of Directors for the purposes of ensuring diversity in line with the Equalities Act 2010. The Directors have established a fairness, inclusion and respect committee chaired by a managing director, which has published a target for 20 per cent of the Company's senior management to be female by 2025. Furthermore, 30 per cent of the Company's own executive team members are now female, which the Directors believe represents strong progress. Directors' Responsibilities - regular management of everyday operations and commercial activity is delegated both to the business line managing directors, who meet on a monthly basis, and to the executive committee which meets once every two months. The Hanson UK executive committee also includes each of the human resources, sustainability and IT directors, extending the expertise, capacity and diversity of the Company's senior management. The business line managing directors focus on health and safety incidents, sustainability, major projects, capital expenditure and business line strategy, whereas the executive committee concentrate on wider policy. These forums facilitate efficient, effective decision making on the basis of informed decisions and debate, both at business line and company-wide levels. Succession planning for every Director and member of the executive team is also in place and reviewed three times a year. The Company does not have a separate remuneration committee as such, although the remuneration of managing directors includes a long term incentive element in collaboration with the remuneration strategies devised by the Company's ultimate parent company and its own supervisory board. The Company has a suite of corporate governance policies, which includes: a management responsibilities policy applicable to all directors and requiring financial control, legal and operational compliance, safety and quality across our operations; a dignity and respect policy that safeguards against the risk of bullying and harassment; a fairness, inclusion and respect policy that sets out the Directors' commitment to ensuring a fair, respectful and inclusive Company that encourages a culture of meritocracy, transparency and diversity; and our group's code of business conduct, which sets out requirements in relation to legal compliance, conflicts of interest, the confidentiality of information, fair employment practices and protection of the environment. The Directors keep these policies under periodic review. Opportunity and Risk - the Company's executive team is incentivised to consider the long term generation and preservation of value since the Company's mineral assets may often require a high level of capital investment and long term planning in order to ensure the continuity of reserves and operations. The Directors carry out annual and quarterly reviews of reserves and resources relative to operational assets and constraints in order to identify short life sites and replenishment needs; long term capital expenditure, property and mineral planning considerations may be required, to· provide reserves that can eventually generate value in the long term. The Company also has a general risk committee that meets on a quarterly basis and supervises Hanson UK's risk management processes and associated reporting. Risks across the business are owned in the first instance by operations and employees, subject to review by the executive committee and the general risk committee. The Directors have also implemented an internal control framework comprising measures ranging from accounting controls and delegated levels of financial authority to detailed capital expenditure, financial reporting and contract requirements, underpinned by periodic internal audit, with regular reports to the Directors and the Company's ultimate parent company.    Executive Remuneration - executive remuneration follows the same structure as the Company's other management grades, incorporating basic pay, with variable pay based upon annual objectives for the Company and the individual, as well as providing a number of benefits such as car provision, health cover and participation in the Company's defined contribution pension scheme; the Company's levels of remuneration are designed to secure and retain a high calibre of management and a skilled workforce, with executive remuneration being benchmarked against other salary bands within the Company, as well as against any available sector data; the Company has adopted the Hay job evaluation methodologies to objectively grade every staff function. Whilst the Company does not have a separate remuneration committee, the Company's remuneration levels are reviewed and subject to annual approval by the Company's ultimate parent company, based upon the policies of the ultimate parent company's own supervisory board; long term incentives are offered to the senior executive directors to complement both long service and the sustainable success of the company. Annual objectives include performance objectives to ensure successful, efficient, sustainable operations that will encourage the generation of value in the mid and long term, whilst promoting safe operations for our workforce, drivers and contractors; performance objectives are also set out on the basis of the Company's vision and strategy. The Company has acknowledged the existence of a gender pay gap based upon the number of women in senior management and certain operational roles. The Directors are taking steps to address the gap in relation to matters such as leadership, recruitment and monitoring. Stakeholder Relationships and Engagement - the Company's s 172 Statement includes a summary of how the Company engaged with key stakeholders during 2021. The Employee Engagement Report also sets out the many steps the Company takes to engage with its workforce. The Directors believe it is essential for the Company to engage proactively and meaningfully with all key stakeholders: with our customers; with local communities: with our employees; and with our contractors and suppliers. As set out in the Employee Engagement Report, the Company has established an employee forum that includes representatives from the various business lines. The forum meets at least once a year and engages with the Hanson UK chief executive officer and managing directors with regard to business performance and prospects, strategic objectives, health and safety and the sustainability of operations. The chief executive officer also holds a series of national communication roadshows every year in the form of informal town hall talks where similar matters are presented to and discussed with the workforce. Business update videos are regularly issued to employees, along with the Hanson UK Team magazine which set out updates on business performance, strategy and the steps we take to support local communities. Driver forums and similar dialogues with trade unions are also held. The Company has also implemented many steps to engage with employees and prioritise health and safety. These include: the regular attendance on site by the executive team to ensure visibly felt leadership although these visits were limited in 2021 due to COVID-19 restrictions; an annual safety week, when employees focus on safety management and clean, safe sites; a Back to Work safety day on the first working day of each year; and business line health and safety improvement plans covering a range of topics throughout the year to help foster a culture of zero harm. COVID-19 policies and procedures were rapidly introduced at the Company's sites, and positive cases or self-isolations were promptly reported and closely monitored. The Company acted as an active member of the Mineral Products Association COVID-19 task force, sharing information and best practice across the industry. A strong regime of policies, procedures and training supports the Company's purpose and values, embedding safe working practices and requiring compliance with applicable laws on matters such as bribery and corruption, modern slavery, data protection and competition law, supported by an online reporting platform that allows concerns to be reported and investigated outside of reporting lines. Hanson UK engages with its customers on many different levels. Our commercial teams plan ahead to ensure field visits to customer sites and regular proactive outbound telephone calls from our customer service centre. This allows for meaningful dialogue and feedback so that our services and products can be delivered as customers need. However since the onset of the COVID-19 pandemic in 2020, these meetings have been largely replaced by virtual meetings via Microsoft Teams.    We have invested in customer focussed programs such as Customer Excellence, Sales is a Science and Professional Skills. These are designed to ensure we understand the needs of our customers so that we can provide services and solutions that deliver value for our customers, allowing us to realign product and service offerings. We also reach out to customers by offering shared Continuous Professional Development (CPD) seminars,. supporting designers, architects and engineers within customer operations on innovative products and specifying sustainable concrete. We also operate a merchant academy that supports staff within our merchant customers with technical support and training. Our larger sites and quarries also facilitate engagement and have restarted holding community liaison meetings with local residents as the COVID-19 restrictions are relaxed sufficiently. The Company values long term relationships to ensure that we retain local support for the sustainability of our operations. We have established a dedicated website www.hanson-communities.co.uk that facilitates strong levels of engagement with communities at our larger sites and quarries. These dedicated community pages provide immediate contact information for site management and also provide information on matters such as visits from schools and resident groups, the local ecology and our conservation programs, our support for projects in the community, as well as career opportunities. Our regular trade press releases and presence on social media platforms such as Facebook, Linkedln, Twitter and lnstagram also allow for engagement with our customers, suppliers and other stakeholders. We also operate an up-to-date, optimised website that is designed to allow quick and simple access by customers and other stakeholders using mobile devices. With regard to our suppliers, the Company allows for both competitive tendering and the establishment of longer-term strategic relationships and framework agreements. Suppliers are required to accept our Supplier Code of Conduct, which helps foster sustainable partnerships based on mutual trust, requiring vendor compliance with international social accountability standard SA8000, environment standard ISO 14001 and the principles of the International Labour Organisation. Together with our Supplier Code, these set out vendor requirements on matters such as working conditions, environmental compliance, health and safety, business ethics, respect for human rights, freedom from discrimination, as well as the requirement that our own vendors require upstream adherence in their own supply chains. Collectively, the Directors believe that the Company's stakeholder engagement facilitates dialogue and two-way communication that foster the effective sustainable relationships with our key stakeholders
