   Corporate Governance Statement In accordance with the Large and Medium-sized Companies and Groups (Accounts and Reports) Regulations 2008 (as amended by the Companies (Miscellaneous Reporting) Regulations 2018) (the 'Regulations'). for the year ended 31 December 2021, the Company has in its corporate governance arrangements applied the Wates Corporate Governance Principles for Large Private Companies (the 'Principles'), which are available at www.frc.org.uk. The following section explains the Company's approach to corporate governance, and its application of the Principles. Fundamental to the Company's strategy are high standards of corporate governance. A Corporate Governance Framework is in place for Lloyds Banking Group, the Company, Lloyds Bank pie and Bank of Scotland pie, with all four companies sharing a common approach to governance. The framework is designed to meet the specific needs of each company, setting the wider approach and applicable standards in respect of the Company's corporate governance practices, including addressing the matters set out in the Principles. This includes the matters reserved to the Board, and the matters the Board has chosen to delegate to management, including decision making on operational matters such as those relating to credit, liquidity, and the day-to-day management of risk. Governance arrangements, including the Corporate Governance Framework, are reviewed periodically to ensure they remain fit for purpose. The Board delegates further responsibilities to the Group Chief Executive, who is supported by the Group Executive Committee, the composition of which is detailed on pages 74 to 75 of the Lloyds Banking Group Annual Report and Accounts for 2021. The Corporate Governance Framework of the Company further addresses the requirements of the Principles as discussed below. Principle One - Purpose and Leadership The Board is collectively responsible for the long term success of the Company. It achieves this by agreeing the Company's strategy, within the wider strategy of Lloyds Banking Group, and overseeing delivery against it. The Company's strategy is discussed further in the Strategic Report. The Board also assumes responsibility for the management of the culture, values and wider standards of the Company, within the equivalent standards set by Lloyds Banking Group. The Board's understanding of stakeholders' interests is central to these responsibilities and informs key aspects of Board decision making. Acknowledging the needs of all stakeholders is fundamental to the way the Company operates, as is maintaining the highest standards of business conduct, which along with ensuring delivery for customers is a vital part of the corporate culture. The Company's approach is further influenced by the need lo uuild a culture in which everyone feels included, empowered and inspired to do the right thing for customers. To this end, the Board plays a lead role in establishing, promoting, and monitoring the Company's corporate culture and values, with the Corporate Governance Framework ensuring such matters receive the level of prominence in Board and Executive decision making which they require. The Company's corporate culture and values align to those of Lloyds Banking Group, which are discussed in more detail on page 80 of the Lloyds Banking Group Annual Report and Accounts for 2021. Principle Two - Board Composition The Company is led by a Board comprising a Non-Executive Chair, independent Non-Executive Directors and Executive Directors, further details of the Directors can be found on page 10. The Board considers its composition regularly and is committed to ensuring it has the right balance of skills and experience. The Board considers its current size and composition is appropriate to the Company's circumstances. The Board places great emphasis on ensuring its membership reflects diversity in its broadest sense. New appointments are made on merit, taking account of the specific skills and experience, independence and knowledge needed to ensure a rounded board and the diversity benefits each candidate can bring overall. There are a range of initiatives across Lloyds Banking Group to help ensure unbiased career progression opportunities. Progress on diversity objectives is monitored by the Board and built into its assessment of executive performance. The Board undertakes a periodic review of its effectiveness, which provides an opportunity to consider ways of identifying greater efficiencies, ways to maximise strengths and highlights areas of further development. Given the appointment of a new Group Chief Executive in August 2021 and the development of the Company's ongoing strategy within the wider Lloyds Banking Group, the Board agreed that an evaluation of its effectiveness would be conducted in 2022 to allow the review to cover the Board's effectiveness in overseeing these developments. Principle Three - Director Responsibilities The Directors assume ultimate responsibility for all matters, and along with senior management are committed to maintaining a robust control framework as the foundation for the delivery of good governance, including the effective management of delegation through the Corporate Governance Framework. Policies are also in place in relation to potential conflicts of interest which may arise. All Directors have access to the services of the Company Secretary, and independent professional advice is available to the Directors at the expense of Lloyds Banking Group, where they judge it necessary to discharge their duties as directors.    The Board is supported by its committees which make recommendations on matters delegated to them under the Corporate Governance Framework. The management of all committees is in keeping with the basis on which meetings of the Board are managed, with open debate, and adequate time for members to consider proposals which are put forward. The Chair of the Board and each Board committee assumes responsibility with support from the Company Secretary for the provision to each meeting of accurate and timely information. Principle Four - Opportunity and Risk The Board oversees the development and implementation of the Company's strategy, within the context of the wider strategy of Lloyds Banking Group, which includes consideration of all strategic opportunities. The Board is also responsible for the long term sustainable success of the Company, generating value for its shareholders and ensuring a positive contribution to society. The Board agrees the Company's culture, purpose, values and strategy, within that of Lloyds Banking Group, and agrees the related standards of the Company, again within the relevant standards of Lloyds Banking Group. Further specific aims and objectives of the Board are formalised within the Corporate Governance Framework, which also sets out the matters reserved for the Board. Strong risk management is central to the strategy of the Company, which along with a robust risk control framework acts as the foundation for the delivery of effective management of risk. The Board agrees the Company's risk appetite and ensures the Company manages risk effectively, delegating related authorities to individuals through the Corporate Governance Framework and the further management hierarchy. Board level engagement coupled with the direct involvement of senior management in risk issues ensures that escalated issues are promptly addressed, and remediation plans are initiated where required. The Company's risk appetite, principles, policies, procedures, controls and reporting are managed in conjunction with those of Lloyds Banking Group, and as such are regularly reviewed to ensure they remain fully in line with re!=Julations,law, corporate governance and industry best practice. The Company's principal risks are discussed further on page 4. Principle Five - Remuneration The Board, in conjunction with the Remuneration Committee of Lloyds Banking Group (the 'Remuneration Committee'), assumes responsibility for the Company's approach to remuneration. This includes reviewing and making recommendations on remuneration policy as relevant to colleagues employed by the Company. The activities of the Remuneration Committee extend to matters of remuneration relevant to subsidiaries of the Company, where such subsidiary does not have its own remuneration committee. Certain members of the Lloyds Banking G.-oup Executive, including the Group People and Property Director, arP. ;iuthorised to act upon the decisions made by the Remuneration Committee, and to undertake such other duties relevant to remuneration as delegated to them. Principle Six - Stakeholders The COVID-19 pandemic continued to have an effect on the way we live, including on the Company's many stakeholders. The Board has monitored the impact of the pandemic on the Group's and Company's business and its stakeholders, seeking to ensure that the challenges posed by the pandemic were addressed. The Board considered related updates from management as events unfolded, covering matters including the continued impact on customers, colleagues, suppliers and other stakeholders, approving suitable action as required. The Company as part of Lloyds Banking Group operates under Lloyds Banking Group's wider Responsible Business approach, which acknowledges that the Company has a responsibility to help address the economic, social and environmental challenges which the UK faces, and as part of this understand the needs of the Company's external stakeholders, including in the development and implementation of strategy. Central to this is Lloyds Banking Group's Helping Britain Prosper plan, in which the Company participates. During the year there was a focus on the response to COVID, and Helping Britain Recover. This involved bringing together many of the Board's key stakeholders, to determine how the Company could best support the recovery from the pandemic, the outcomes of this initiative being set out on pages 26 to 29 of the Lloyds Banking Group Annual Report and Accounts for 2021. In 2021 the Responsible Business Committee of Lloyds Banking Group provided further oversight and support of Lloyds Banking Group's and the Company's plans for embedding responsible business in the Company's core purpose. The approach of the Board in respect of its key stakeholders is described further in a separate statement made in compliance with the Regulations on pages 2 to 3. Directors The names of the current Directors are shown on page 10. Changes to the composition of the Board since 1 January 2021 up to the date of this report are shown in the table below. Joined the Board Left the Board Charlie Nunn 16 August 2021 Harmeen Mehta 1 November 2021 Lord Blackwell 1 January 2021 Sir Antonio Horta-Osorio 30 April 2021 Sara Weller 20 May 2021 Nick Prettejohn 30 September 2021 Stuart Sinclair will retire as a director of the Company at the forthcoming Lloyds Banking Group AGM.
