   CORPORATEGOVERNANCEREPORT CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT For the year ended 31 December 2021, under The Companies (Miscellaneous Reporting) Regulations 2018, the company has applied the Wates Corporate Governance Principles for Large Private Companies (published by the Financial Reporting Council ('FRC') in December 2018 and available on the FRC website). These new corporate governance reporting requirements will apply to company reporting for financial years starting on or after 1 January 2019 and Companies are able to adopt the Wates principles as an appropriate framework when making a disclosure regarding corporate governance arrangements. We have set out in the Corporate Governance Report below how the Principles have been applied. PRINCIPLE 1 - PURPOSE AND LEADERSHIP Dr Thomas Frist founded the Hospital Corporation of America (HCA) in 1968, with a vision of creating a healthcare company with the scope, resources and expertise to provide the highest possible standard of care. HCA UK opened its doors in 1995. Since then, we have built a world class network of over 30 facilities in London and Manchester, each with the latest diagnostic and treatment equipment and facilities. Above all else, we are committed to the care and improvement of human life. In pursuit of our mission, we believe the following value statements are essential and timeless: we recognise and affirm the unique and intrinsic worth of each individual; we treat all those we serve with compassion and kindness; we act with absolute honesty, integrity and fairness in the way we conduct our business and the way we live our lives; we trust our colleagues as valuable members of our healthcare team and pledge to treat one another with loyalty, respect and dignity. HCA UK has a comprehensive values-based Ethics and Compliance Programme based on best practice established across all HCA divisions. This Programme rests on HCA's Mission and Values and has become incorporated into our daily activities and supports our tradition of caring for our patients, communities and colleagues. While all HCA UK employees are obliged to follow our Code of Conduct, we expect our leaders to lead by example. Colleagues in the organisation who have supervisory responsibility are expected to exercise responsibility in a manner that is kind, sensitive, thoughtful and respectful. We expect each supervisor, including our CEOs, to create an environment where all team members are encouraged to raise concerns and propose ideas. This culture encourages everyone in the organisation to share concerns when they arise. It is our commitment to never sacrifice ethical and lawful behaviour in the pursuit of business objectives. Leaders in our organisation: will lead by example; will confront problems directly and candidly; will be inclusive when making decisions as to who should participate in the decision-making process; will try to give the maximum responsibility to those who work with them; will emphasise effective team-building. Our values are documented in our Code of Conduct which is communicated annually to all staff under our Ethics and Code of Conduct training. rruNCIPLE 2 - BOARD COMPOSITION The Board consists of the board of directors whose names appear on Companies House records. Whilst Board oversight is always maintained, the Board delegates key decisions to the individuals and committees with the most appropriate knowledge and industry experience. Biographies of our management team can be found on our website: https://www.hcahealthcare.co.uk/about-hca/hca-management-team The management team is comprised of a President and Chief Executive Officer, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, Chief Medical Officer, Commercial Director, Vice President of Human Resources, ChiefNursing Executive, Vice President of Physicians Services Group, Vice President of Development, and a Vice President of Legal Services. This composition is appropriate to the size and focus of the business.    PRINCIPLE 2 - BOARD COMPOSITION (CONTINUED) Each member of the management team demonstrates high ethical standards and integrity in their personal and professional dealings and are willing to act on and remain accountable for their boardroom decisions. Each member is in a position to devote an adequate amount of time to the effective performance of director duties in his/her area of expertise. Each member takes reasonable steps to keep informed on the complex, rapidly evolving healthcare environment. Our vision is to ensure that we have a robust and cohesive Governance Strategy in place which is underpinned by clear processes and supportive information technology solutions that promotes transparency and accountability across all levels and locations of the organisation. The transparency of the Strategy drives a framework of continual improvement, evidence-based practice, learning from errors, and listening to and acting on feedback from our patients. The management team will: • lead by example in key organisational behaviours; • shape the future with clear directives and guidance for the delivery of safe and effective care; • provide critical challenge of performance indicators in a positive and influencing way, encouraging innovation and continuous improvement; • continuously act and drive the organisation in accordance with the overall strategic vision of the organisation; • ensure key stakeholders are engaged in service planning and development; • communicate and reinforce the organisational strategy and actively support the application of the strategy at a local level; • ensure that qualitative and quantitative indicators are reported and considered by senior governance committees that are responsible for monitoring organisational strategy implementation; • ensure committees and meetings reflect organisational performance and provide assurance of the quality, safety and cost effectiveness of care provided; • ensure the maintenance of a cohesive programme of governance is in place, including transparent reporting and clear accountabilities for action; and • promote evidence-based practice through horizon scanning, robust governance methodologies, and clear dissemination channels. PRINCIPLE 3 - DIRECTOR RESPONSIBILITIES Accountability Good governance supports open and fair business, ensuring that the company has the right safeguards in place and makes certain that every decision it takes is underpinned by the right considerations. Whilst Board oversight is always maintained, the board delegates key decisions to the individuals and committees with the most appropriate knowledge and industry experience. Good governance is driven by the organisation's leaders, with clear articulation of goals and deliverables at all levels. Good governance can be evidenced by the following structures and processes: • The Executive Committee which sets the vision and direction of the organisation with clearly articulated and engaged strategies. Information and reports to Executive committees provide assurance of high quality, safe and effective healthcare. • Patient expt:riences and feedback are sought, listened to and acted upon as part of overall quality monitoring, . service development and performance. • Horizon scanning occurs robustly to ensure that the organisation has the required capability and culture to drive and shape the delivery of care in a safe, sustainable and effective way. • Clear reporting lines and accountabilities to ensure oversight and timely information is provided on key performance indicators (KPI's) within Quality, Performance, Human Resources, and Finance domains. • Robust and coordinated software solutions are in place that promote good governance practices, incident and event reporting, evidence-based practice, and clinical outcome reporting and monitoring.    PRINCIPLE 3 - DIRECTOR RESPONSIBILITIES (CONTINUED) Whilst the operational delivery of the governance agenda occurs within each facility the Quality and Governance Team has a crucial role in: • Providing direction and impetus for action, interpretation and action on national guidance. • Identifying and maintaining key governance related software solutions that drive consistency of process, transparency of reporting, outcome monitoring, and sustainable quality improvement. • Facilitating and supporting change within facilities by providing the appropriate tools, skills and methodologies. • Ensuring a consistent approach and relationships between facilities and corporate departments. • Developing implementation and monitoring plans to support the organisational strategy and vision. • Providing education on specialist topics relevant to Governance, Quality and Safety. • Monitoring Key Performance Indicators related to Quality Initiatives, care related improvement programmes and clinical effectiveness. Facility management teams are accountable for the delivery of the governance agenda within individual facilities and are responsible for embedding governance values. For example: • Awareness - initiate and support staff awareness programmes for risk management and quality improvement as priorities for the organisation and understand how they c·ontribute to the agenda. • Compliance - in liaison with governance teams to develop programmes to monitor compliance with regulatory standards. A programme of governance activity is in place to ensure compliance and improvement in the quality and safety of patient care. • Assurance - informed by quality and governance activities (i.e. evidence collation, safety inspection programmes, surveys, audits etc.) • Sharing and Leaming - foster a culture of sharing good practice and learning across facilities and the wider organisation when things go well or could be improved. • Leadership and Drive for Outcomes - Supports the organisational priorities and goal of being a "World Class provider of Specialist Treatment". Each facility within HCA has an identified group of individuals who are accountable for driving the organisational strategy and embedding best practice in relation to safety, quality and governance within their respective facilities. Committees A Committee structure to support governance is essential. The key performance indicators for each committee will provide assurance to the Executive Team of the quality, safety and effectiveness of operational and strategic activities. Quality, and Safety Board: The Quality and Safety Board is the overarching governance Board of the HCA UK Executive, chaired by HCA Healthcare's CEO/President, and has overall responsibility for the oversight and monitoring of effective systems of governance and in holding facilities to account on all aspects of quality and governance including patient safety, quality outcomes, risk management, patient experience, workforce and information governance, research & development; and statutory and regulatory standards. The Chair of the Board shal I draw attention to any matters of significance or particular concern on an exception basis to the HCA UK Senior Leadership Team, and where appropriate to the American Group of HCA Healthcare in US. Senior Management Team - Corporate Services: An operational group of senior managers with overall oversight and responsibility for robust governance systems and processes of the organisation. Collegial reporting to the Quality and Safety Board of key issues provides the opportunity for cross dissemination and management of key issues and tasks. Clinical Chief Nursing Officer (CNO) Council: The key clinical and nursing leadership group within the organisation delivering on the clinical operations agenda and responsible for the overall nursing, clinical education, and infection control strategy of the organisation. Chaired by the ChiefNursing Executive the Clinical CNO Council reports directly to the Quality & Safety Board to assure on the delivery of the strategic objectives. There is dotted line (collegial) reporting to the Clinical Governance Board.    PRINCIPLE 3 - DIRECTOR RESPONSIBILITIES (CONTINUED) Committees (continued) Combined Medical Advisory Board: is responsible for supporting HCA UK in governing their professional activities across HCA Healthcare and provide professional insight, expertise and views on clinical initiatives and advise the President/Chief Executive Officer (CEO), Chief Medical Officer (CMO) and HCA Executive on HCA wide professional issues, initiatives, medical policy, standards and professional aspects of practice including new procedures/techniques that impact across HCA Healthcare. Medical Advisory Committees: These committees are comprised of senior clinicians of varying specialities at HCA Facilities. The key responsibility of this Committee is to communicate and escalate clinical practice variations and • care concerns via governance and operational committees. Clinical Governance Board: As the principle governance sub-Board for the organisation and has responsibility for the oversight and monitoring of effective systems of clinical governance and practice. The Clinical Governance Board brings together all the elements of clinical governance and is responsible for seeking evidential assurance on the effectiveness of this and assure the quality of oversight of the delivery of high-quality and person-centred care, and promote continuous improvement in quality, responsiveness, patient experience and patient outcomes. Chaired by the Chief Medical Officer, this Committee will report directly to the Quality and Safety Board. Medical Governance Board: is the principal sub-Board with responsibility for the oversight and monitoring of assurance of medical governance and Consultant practice chaired by HCA Healthcare's Chief Medical Officer. This includes seeking evidential assurance on the effectiveness of clinical governance and the quality of oversight of medical practitioners to assure the delivery of high-quality and person-centred care, supporting learning and innovation, and promoting an open and fair culture. Health & Safety and Risk Board: has responsibility for providing the Quality and Safety Board with oversight of assuring that HCA Healthcare discharges it's health and safety, risk management, business continuity (including emergency planning, resilience and response (EPRR)) responsibilities chaired by HCA's UK's Divisional Vice President of Quality. Information Governance Board: is the sub-Board with responsibility for the oversight and monitoring of effective systems of information governance (privacy and security) and practice and is chaired by HCA's Senior Information Risk Officer. The Information Governance Board will provide oversight and operational direction to ensure that HCA UK Group ("HCA") discharges its obligations under the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) and any other applicable data protection legislation. Facility Ethics and Compliance Committees ("FECC") are established at twelve facilities, and these meet on a quarterly basis under the co-ordination of our Ethics and Compliance Officer ("ECO"). Terms of reference are in place for each committee. The ECO has different reporting lines but reports to the HCA UK CEO in relation to themes and trends relating to the Ethics & Compliance Programme. The FECCs provide oversight of the key aspects ofHCA UK's Ethics & Compliance programme to support good governance across all our facilities, and helps ensure that HCA UK acts with absolute honesty, integrity and fairness in conducting business. The Group derives its authority from the CEO and President of HCA, and is required in HCA Inc. by the Ethics and Compliance Officer Policy. Members are aware that FECC meetings are well established at HCA hospitals in the US, and the ECO has access to significant resources created in the US to ensure the efficacy ofFECC meetings. There is no formal reporting to HCA US in respect of these matters, but meeting minutes and agenda may be requested by the Audit Team in the US as part of ethics and compliance process and procedures monitoring. Internal Audit Committee: primary purpose is to monitor progress made towards the implementation of HCA US Internal audit recommendations. The Audit Committee meets once per quarter to discuss all high and important priority recommendations. Low priority recommendations are discussed on a rolling basis. The Committee includes HCA UK Divisional CFO, VP Corporate Finance & Controller, Assistant Financial Controller, and the Head of Financial Compliance. The reports are all circulated to the US colleagues including Internal Audit.    PRINCIPLE 3 - DIRECTOR RESPONSIBILITIES (CONTINUED) Integrity of information The Board receives regular and timely information (at least monthly) on all key aspects of the business including health and safety, risks and opportunities, financial performance, strategy, operational matters, market conditions and sustainability. These are all supported by Key Performance Indicators (KPls). Key financial information is collated from the Group's various accounting systems. The Group's finance function is appropriately qualified to ensure the integrity of the information and they are provided with the necessary training to keep up to date with regulatory changes. Financial information is currently externally audited by Ernst & Young LLP on an annual basis, and financial controls are reviewed by the Group's internal audit function. Other key information is prepared by the relevant internal function. Processes for collecting data, as well as the reporting of that data, is reviewed on a cyclical basis by the Group's internal audit function with quarterly reporting provided to the Audit Committee. PRINCIPLE 4 - OPPORTUNITY AND RISK The Board seeks out opportunity whilst mitigating risk. Opportunity HCA International Limited has the same directors as HCA UK Holdings Limited and thus the HCA UK group. The directors consider opportunities and strategy for the whole HCA UK, thus the strategy for the group is explained below. HCA UK opened its doors in 1995. Since then, we have built a world class network of over 30 facilities in London and Manchester, each with the latest diagnostic and treatment equipment and facilities. In 2017, we opened new outpatient and diagnostic facilities in Chiswick, Elstree, Marylebone and Chelsea, bringing world class care to each of these communities. We now have over 8,000 colleagues in the UK and over 3,000 consultant partners, all who care deeply about treating everyone with dignity, respect and fairness. Many of our consultants carry out and publish research and are world renowned for their expertise in new methods and techniques for patient care - from complex neurosurgery to how genetics can improve outcomes for cancer patients. HCA UK is constantly looking for opportunities for inorganic growth through transactions and partnerships, bringing innovative and strategic companies into the HCA UK group. This includes collaborations with the NHS to develop high quality facilities and specialist physician services groups to provide the best possible care to our patients. Risk HCA UK recognises that the principles of good corporate governance must be supported by an effective risk management system in order to identify both strategic and operational level risks. As a provider of high-quality healthcare, the organisational management ofrisk is a key priority for HCA UK. Across HCA UK, it has adopted a systems-based approach to the management of risk with the focus being on establishing effective systems, processes and controls across the business. HCA UK's aim is to establish a culture that promotes proactive consideration of risks, so that appropriate mechanisms are put in place to control and minimise future risk. Risk management relates to all areas of the business. A comprehensive risk management framework is in place to minimise business risk and ensure patient, staff and visitor safety. The focus is on both preventing risk and identifying risk trends across HCA UK, as well as ensuring appropriate controls are in place at all levels. As well as identifying corporate risks, each HCA facility is required to maintain its own risk register. Risks are discussed locally, and high scoring risks are escalated to the relevant HCA UK Boards. There is Board oversight of the Corporate risks register and facilities top scoring risks. Key actions to minimise risk are built into the register. This process involves a top down and bottom-up approach.    PRINCIPLE 4 - OPPORTUNITY AND RISK (CONTINUED) Risk (continued) Effective risk management requires: • Forward thinking and a proactive approach; • Achieving a balance between the costs of managing a risk and the anticipated benefits; • A clear framework for operation A continued and consistent focus on patient safety, a key element of risk management is to ensure that every effort is made to reduce the likelihood and consequence of an adverse event or outcome associated with patient treatment in any HCA facility. HCA UK's key aims are to manage risks where they occur as part of normal line management responsibilities, and appropriately prioritise resources to address risk issues through the operational management and business planning processes. This includes full compliance with relevant statutory, mandatory and professional requirements and maintenance ofHCA's registration with the Care Quality Commission (CQC). HCA UK has an open culture where people feel encouraged to take responsibility for minimising risks and a learning culture to support improvements to the safety of services. Various clinical and non-clinical risk assessments are conducted across HCA UK as a means of analysing and quantifying risk and identifying appropriate action to be taken. Risk assessments aim to identify all of the possible hazards within the workplace and to subsequently protect patients, staff, visitors and third parties from these hazards through implementing robust control measures. For a risk assessment to be appropriately informed, we involve individuals who have: • an understanding of the process/activity being assessed, including usual practices, what could go wrong and how often this might occur; and • training and competency in undertaking risk assessments. This may be the same person; however, we involve various subject matter in the risk assessment process as this broadens the assessment to include multiple points of view. When assessing the consequence of a risk, the worst credible case scenario is used as well as the likelihood of it occurring. This risk is assessed against active control measures currently in place to reduce the risk and does not include controls which have not been fully implemented. Controls which help limit damage if the event occurs, as well as those which will prevent the event occurring, are considered. We also consider whether there are any additional measures that could reduce the likelihood and/or the consequence. The principal risks and uncertainties are discussed within the Strategic report on page 2. Responsibilities In a healthcare organisation, there are many reasons why risk assessments may need to be undertaken. There are different types of risks, and different purposes for undertaking risk assessments which all require different methodologies. HCA UK has policies for undertaking risk assessments which details the full process for all risk assessments. Capital is invested wisely. A systematic and disciplined approach to capital investment is necessary. All equipment purchases or construction/renovation projects ("Additions") must comply with instructions to capitalise or expense costs as covered by the HCA UK Accounting Policy Guides (APG).    PRINCIPLE 5 - REMUNERATION The HCA Healthcare UK Pay Policy is structured into pay grades. The basis for these pay grades accounts for knowledge, responsibility, and skills and effort needed to perform the relevant post. The evaluation of each post determines the correct pay grade and as a result, the correct basic pay. The system is fair and transparent and recognises work of equal value across all disciplines. This Policy identifies the procedures that must be followed when determining pay and pay related activities within all HCA Facilities. All matters related to pay require review and approval from the Compensation and Benefits Review Group. This policy applies to all posts at HCA and the organisation is committed to the principles of equal pay for work of equal value. HCA measures the relative value of all jobs internally and against the external market. The grading, and therefore the salary range, of all posts is determined by the outcome of job evaluation. Bonuses or incentive schemes must not be agreed without approval and the process for this can be discussed with the Head of Reward within the Human Resources Department. All bonus schemes must be approved by The Head of Reward, VP Human Resources, VP Legal Services and Group Chief Financial Officer. Pay systems, procedures and structures are monitored by the Compensation and Benefits Review Group. Its main function is to ensure that these are fairly administered and updated annually. The Compensation and Benefits Review Group comprises the following members: • VP of Human Resources (Chair) • Group Chief Financial Officer • Chief Executive Officer & President • VP Corporate Finance & Controller • Chief Nursing Executive • Head of Reward The Group meets in advance of the annual merit review and as and when necessary to consider any pay and reward matters. All pay rates and pay grades are reviewed by the Compensation and Benefits Review Group and if changes are to be made, they are made prior to the pay review date. Once the pay rates have been set and agreed for the year, they are not changed until the following performance year. HCA UK published data on gender pay in line with government legislation for the first time in 2017, and this and subsequent reports on this topic are available from the HCA website at https://www.hcahealthcare.co.uk/about-hca-uk/gender-pay-gap-reports. HCA UK always applies salary bandings and offer the same bonus opportunity for the same job regardless of gender. HCA UK is proud of the fact that we have been able to build a leadership team which is equally split between men and women. HCA UK is keen to develop talent internally and we are committed to identifying ability within our company and supporting the development of individuals to realise their maximum potential with us. PRINCIPLE 6 - STAKEHOLDERS Above all else, we are committed to the care and improvement of human life. We will strive to deliver high quality, cost-effective healthcare in the communities we serve. With this in mind our key stakeholders include our patients, HCA UK colleagues, the doctors with who we work, and our regulators. These four key stakeholders are integral to our business and to achieving our goal. Our patients are at the core of everything we do and they are the basis for our goal of care and improvement of human life. In order to properly care for our patients, HCA UK employs staff who are dedicated to this goal and continually strive for excellence. HCA UK also rely on the doctors with who we work who are world-class clinicians and are at the top of their field, in order to provide the best possible care. Our regulators are key in making sure we excel in quality care.    Patients: We are committed to providing quality care that is sensitive, compassionate, promptly delivered and cost-effective. HCA UK complies with applicable UK legislation and does not discriminate on the basis of age, disability, gender reassignment, marriage and civil partnership, pregnancy and maternity, race, religion or belief, sex, or sexual orientation. We recognise and respect the diverse backgrounds and cultures of our patients and make every effort to equip our staff and caregivers with the knowledge and resources to respect each patient's cultural needs. Our facilities respect the patient's right to, and need for, effective communication. We strive to ensure that patients and/or their representatives have the information necessary to exercise their rights. Each patient is provided with a written statement of patients' rights and a Privacy Notice is available on our website. This statement includes: • the right of a patient to take decisions regarding medical care; • the right to refuse or accept treatment; • the right to informed decision making; • visitation rights of the patient or their support persons (including the patient's right to consent to receive visitors and the right to withdraw or deny visitor consent at any time); and • the patient's rights related to the maintenance of his or her health information. We seek to involve patients in all aspects of their care, including giving consent for treatment and making healthcare decisions, which may include managing pain effectively, foregoing or withdrawing treatment and, as appropriat~, care at the end oflife. Legal considerations regarding safeguarding are wide ranging and continue to develop. The General Data Protection Regulations (2016), Data Protection Act 2018 and relevant parts of the Children and Social Work Act 2017 all came into force during 2018 and during early 2019 continued to be embedded across organisations and multi-agency partnerships. The importance of multi-agency communication has been well established throughout decades of serious case reviews and the later Domestic Homicide Reviews; partnership working will therefore continue to be an important domain within our strategy. HCA facilities and services are regulated by the Care Quality Commission with Regulation 12: "Safe care and treatment" and Regulation 13: "Safeguarding service users from abuse and improper treatment" being the elements most relevant to safeguarding. Safeguarding is an area of particular focus within the "Safe" element of their quality and safety of services inspections. The related CQC inspection key lines of enquiry are based on indications of good practice and therefore will continue to be an area of focus and priority. HCA understands how the quality of leadership closely correlates with the overall quality of a service. The HCA safeguarding leadership structure has been developed to reflect the structures set out within statutory guidance to provide corporate and clinical leadership across all facilities. 2021 has seen some significant achievements within the four domains of our strategy. Our work to embed safeguarding has led to the development of safeguarding signage for facilities to make our commitment to safeguarding evident to our patients and visitors, and for our staff, their role is clearly stated through the updated HCA Code of Conduct, staff handbook and revised job descriptions. Safeguarding concerns regarding individual patients are now more evident within their health records through the introduction of flagging to highlight that there is a known safeguarding concern. This helps to reduce the risk to the patient, their family and those providing healthcare, particularly in cases where the patient is vulnerable or where independent healthcare may be chosen as a route to avoid the identification of abuse or evade statutory agencies. We have achieved this in acute hospital inpatient, Primary Care and Urgent Care Centre electronic record systems and will now continue to focus on our midwifery and outpatient services. Our safeguarding governance structure continues to be strong with the well-attended Corporate Safeguarding Committee driving our strategic work plan. The committee monitors safeguarding activity through both our safeguarding dashboard and through lessons learned from national and local reviews, and audit and research. In addition to the timely updating of policy, this work has also led to the publication of a range of tools and learning resources to support colleagues in practice. There is evidence that this work and the increase in compliance with mandatory training is having a positive impact on the ability of staff to recognise and respond to safeguarding risk.    HCA UK colleagues: Equality and Diversity at Work - HCA Healthcare UK is committed to promoting equality of opportunity for all colleagues, job applicants, service-users, visitors, suppliers, and customers. Our aim is that all colleagues, service-users and customers are treated with dignity and respect, and are not subject to any form of discrimination, harassment, victimisation, or bullying. The company is fully committed to the elimination of unlawful and unfair discrimination and values the advantages that a diverse workforce brings to the organisation. The company will not discriminate based on age, disability, gender reassignment, marital or civil partner status, pregnancy or maternity, race, colour, nationality, ethnic or national origin, religion or belief, sex/sexual orientation ('protected characteristics'). The principles of non-discrimination and equality of opportunity also apply to the way in which colleagues treat service-users, visitors, clients, customers, and suppliers. All colleagues of HCA Healthcare UK are responsible for upholding this commitment to diversity and fair treatment through their behaviour in all aspects of their work, and if they breach the Diversity and Inclusion Policy, they may be subject to disciplinary action. In addition, under the Equality Act 2010, employees need to be aware that they may • be held personally liable as well as, or instead of, the company, for any act of unlawful discrimination. Colleagues who commit serious acts of harassment may be committing a criminal offence. HCA Healthcare UK welcomes the diversity of religious belief represented by our workforce, and aims to create an environment where the cultural, religious, and non-religious beliefs of all its employees are respected. The engagement strategy at HCA UK is focussed on the development of a continuous listening culture. This is based on seeking colleague feedback at all levels and taking specific actions to respond to it. A pivotal element of the approach are engagement surveys held twice a year. Pulse surveys are also run for additional feedback when required e.g. pandemic response. Detailed responses are sent for all surveys to highlight core feedback and the actions that will be taken as a result. The CEO holds semi-annual Town Halls at all facilities to discuss future plans and seek feedback on the working experience. Internal communications are used to share leadership messages with all colleagues and there is a staff magazine to provide strategic narrative and build connections with the patients and other colleagues. Examples of how feedback from colleagues has been adapted into future business strategy are the introduction of improved IT systems and software, a colleague information portal for wellbeing and a wellbeing app, internal careers website for visibility of career opportunities, increased internal communication calendar, recognition platform for peer recognition and organisational celebrations (e.g. long service), leadership and executive development accredited programmes and improved onboarding and induction processes. Doctors with whom we work: We are committed to providing a work environment which has excellent facilities, modern equipment and outstanding professional support. HCA UK's facilities reflect a collaboration between those who are part ofHCA UK and those who have been granted practising privileges to practise in our facilities. As in any collaboration, each party has important roles and responsibilities. HCA UK is committed to providing a work environment for physicians and practitioners who practise in our facilities that is excellent in all respects. Applicable laws and regulations govern the relationship between our facilities and the physicians and practitioners who may refer patients to the facilities. It is important that colleagues who maintain the collaboration between HCA UK and the physicians and practitioners are aware of the requirements of the appropriate laws, regulations and policies. These include but are not limited to payments for services rendered, providing services and employment.    PRINCIPLE 6 - STAKEHOLDERS (CONTINUED) Regulators: We are committed to a corporate culture which promotes legal and regulatory compliance. We accept the responsibility to transparently self-govern and monitor adherence to the requirements of law and to our Code of Conduct. We aim not only to comply with applicable laws and regulations but to regard these as minimum standards wherever possible. Our relationship with our regulators is based on an atmosphere of candour. We have a number of clinical regulators, and non-clinical regulators. A key non-clinical regulator is the Competition and Markets Authority ("CMA"). In October 2014, the Competition and Markets Authority ("CMA") published the Private Healthcare Market Investigation Order 2014 (the "CMA Order"). The CMA Order requires private hospital operators (such as HCA UK) to disclose on their websites certain information relating to the way the private hospitals interact with referring clinicians; that is a clinician that has practising privileges and/or has the ability to refer patients for treatment or tests at a private hospital. Full details about the investigation and the Order can be found on the CMA webpage: https://www.gov.uk/cma-cases/private-healthcare-market-investigation It is important that HCA is transparent about our relationship with doctors and we set out on our hospitals' websites and in an annual declaration to the CMA the ways in which HCA works together with referring clinicians. The annual declaration to the CMA is signed by John Reay, our President and CEO, and is presented to him by the· ECO and the Vice President of Legal Services. All HCA Healthcare UK sites that deliver regulated activities are registered with the Care Quality Commission and are required to comply with the Health and Social Care Act 2008 (Regulated Activities) Regulations 2014. Each HCA UK provider or associated location has a Registered Manager who is accountable to the CQC for compliance in meeting the regulatory CQC standards and the Fundamental Standards of Care. HCA's President/CEO is the CQC Nominated Individual and is responsible for overseeing the management of the providers and locations, as well as each Registered Manager and ensuring compliance with the Health and Social Care Act and associated CQC regulations. Each registered provider and associated location have a CQC Statement of Purpose outlining the regulated activities it delivers; aims and objectives; the services provided; the needs the service meets; contact details; details of the service's legal entity and the detail of where services are provided. We are committed to ensuring we have in place processes to ensure our CQC registrations are always aligned to regulation and comply with the Health and Social Care Act 2008. Additionally, we assess, monitor, audit and improve the quality and safety of the regulated activities delivered, including the quality of the experience of service users and strive for outstanding ratings across the 5 key domains (safe, effective, caring, responsive and well led) Our quality systems and governance framework oversee and provide assurance that these standards are maintained. Environmental compliance: HCA UK complies with all environmental laws and regulations as they relate to our organisation's operations. We act to preserve natural resources to the fullest extent reasonably possible. We operate each of our facilities with the necessary permits, approvals and controls. We diligently employ the proper procedures to provide a good environment of care and to prevent pollution. In helping HCA UK comply with these laws and regulations, all HCA UK colleagues must understand how job duties may impact the environment, adhere to all requirements for the proper handling of hazardous materials, and immediately alert supervisors to any situation regarding the discharge of a hazardous substance, improper disposal of hazardous and medical waste, or any situation which may be potentially damaging to the environment.
