   CORPORATE GOVERNANCE STATEMENT Introduction The Company is a private limited company incorporated under the laws of Scotland. The Company is required to comply with, among other regulations, company law requirements. In this report, the Company addresses its corporate governance structure and states to what extent it applies the best practice provisions, as defined by Wates Corporate Governance Principles for Large Private Companies. This report also includes the information that the Company is required to disclose pursuant to the new private company reporting requirements under the Companies (Miscellaneous Reporting) Regulations 2018. UK Corporate Governance Code and Section 172 Statement The following statement describes how the Directors have had regard to matters set out in section 172(1)(a-f) when performing duties under section 172 of the Companies Act 2006. The Board of Directors of the Company and subsidiary undertakings, both together and separately, consider that they have acted in a way they consider in good faith and would promote the success of the Company. In discharging our section 172 duty we have done so through .our agreed strategy, for the benefit of its members as a whole, having regard to the stakeholders and matters set out in s172(1)(a-f) of the Companies Act 2006, in the decisions taken during the year ended 31 December 2021. In doing so, section 172 requires the Company to have regard (amongst other matters) to: a. The likely consequences of any decisions in the long-term. b. The desirability of the company to maintain a reputation for high standards of business conduct. c. The need to act fairly as between members of the company. d. The interests of the company's employees. e. The need to foster the company's business relationships with suppliers, customers and others. f. The impact of the company's operations on the community and environment. Board composition The Board is responsible for creating and delivering sustainable shareholder value through the management of the Group's business. The Board supports the Wates Principles on Corporate Governance for Large Private Companies and confirms that it has complied with all of the provisions throughout the financial year ended 31 December 2021, and has applied the principles as set out below and in the Directors' Report. In discharging its role, the Board shall be guided by the interests of the Company and its subsidiary undertakings, taking into consideration the interests of the Company's stakeholders. The Board is responsible for complying with all legislation, for managing the risks associated with the Company's activities and for financing the Company. • The Company has five operating pillars: Brewing & Operations, Customer Service & Logistics, On-trade, Off-trade and Star Pubs & Bars. Each pillar is represented by a Director. These members of the Board together with the Managing Director and Functional Directors (Finance, Legal, Corporate Affairs, Human Resources and Marketing) jointly form the Board. The Board ensures effective implementation of the key priorities and strategies across the organisation. The Management Team, consisting of the same commercial channel and functional leaders, defines the direction of the business. EverGreen EverGreen strategy is set by the Heineken Group and is implemented within each operating company. In the UK, the strategy will be accomplished through in depth plans drawn up by the Board and leadership teams and objectives are included in colleague development plans. We launched our EverGreen strategy with the goal to future-proof the business, adapt to new external dynamics and emerge stronger from the COVID-19 crisis. EverGreen is a bold strategy to deliver superior and balanced growth and the next evolution of our Heineken business. As a 157-year-old company, we aim to deliver long-term, sustainable value creation. In EverGreen we have grounded our strategy in our refreshed Purpose, Values and Behaviours and clearly defined our Dream, where we will play and how we will win, increasingly informed by deepening consumer insight.    EverGreen (continued} The strategy leverages our existing strengths alongside new opportunities to chart the next chapter of our growth. Putting customers and consumers firmly at the core, we aim to continually enhance and expand our portfolio and footprint. We are making great strides in our end-to-end digital transformation to benefit our route-to-customer and drive cost efficiencies as we aim to become the best connected brewer. We are stepping up our focus to deliver continuous productivity improvements and raising the bar for our environmental and social sustainability ambitions. EverGreen is a journal of both continuity and change, building on what has made us great and what is needed next. True to our ambitions, it meets short-term challenges and will ensure the long-term sustainability of our business to create lasting value for our stakeholders. Our five priorities are: • Drive superior growth. • Fund the growth. • Unlock the full potential of our people. • Become the best connected brewer. • Raise the bar on sustainability and responsibility The Board, leadership teams and colleagues continue to support EverGreen and the benefits it will bring to our Heineken business. Further detail on the EverGreen strategy can be found in the Heineken N.V. 2021 annual https ://www.thehein ekencompany .com/II nvestors/Reports-and-Presentations. Employee engagement report As highlighted in EverGreen, one of our priorities is to unlock the full potential of our people. In a highly competitive, and increasingly global market, we need to attract and retain the most talented and skilled people to remain the leading UK pub, cider and beer company. Our colleagues are what makes the Group great and the interests of colleagues are paramount to the long-term success of the business. Wellbeing & Inclusion As part of the Heineken Group, the safety and wellbe.ing of our colleagues remains our number one priority -this safety-first approach is underpinned by our Health & Wellbeing strategy. Throughout the COVID-19 pandemic, our sites were COVID-19 secure and as we opened up offices and trade we provided colleagues with the relevant materials such as access to tests and guidance. As we continued to operate within the pandemic, Mental Resilience training was delivered to over 900 colleagues as additional support. We recruited more Mental Health Champions who are all mental health first aid trained. We continue to promote our suite of Health & Wellbeing support and resources available to colleagues. Our Inclusion & Diversity (l&D) strategy ensures we continue on our journey to becoming an organisation where everyone feels they truly belong and where we all have equal opportunity to contribute to our business success. We have increased our community of l&D Ambassadors to support our journey and more colleagues have volunteered to be part of our Task Forces. Our Inclusion Task Forces continue to make great progress, including the launch of a Women & Allies network and our first Diversity Census in the UK, as well as continued education and development for our leaders and colleagues. Communications To ensure colleagues are kept up to date on the latest business performance and what's happening across the business, a strong communications infrastructure is in place. This includes monthly leadership calls led by the Management Team, weekly drumbeat communications that recap on the key highlights each week, brand engagement activities including competitions and product sampling activities, regular senior leader video updates, What's Brewing events, virtual Townhalls and functional cascades. Workplace by Facebook is our internal social media channel, which provides a platform for more informal interaction across all levels of the business. This channel is also used to host Workplace Live events.    Communications (continued) Our annual Climate Survey provides an opportunity for all colleagues to give their views on life at the Group and to provide honest confidential feedback about working for Heineken Group. The results are shared across the business, after which teams, from the Management Team down, produce a Climate Survey action plan to address key points raised. In 2021, this led to the creation of the Organisational Effectiveness initiative with its focus on reviewing and improving procedural and operational efficiencies across the business. In addition, we carry out pulse surveys on an ad hoc basis to get in the moment feedback from colleagues. Learning & development The Group regards investment in learning and development as vital to the ongoing growth of the organisation. There is significant support offered to all levels of the organisation with the Group offering an enviable range of development. Great success has been made in transitioning from 'in person' to 'virtual' training, which is aligned to flexible working arrangements in the business. Policies and Employee Council The Group has appropriate equal opportunities policies in place to ensure equal treatment throughout the recruitment process and duration of employment. We also have policies and training in place to ensure that colleagues are not subjected to discrimination and are treated fairly and equally at all times. In the event of employees becoming disabled, every effort is made to accommodate any reasonable adjustments necessary to allow the employee to continue in employment and to overcome any disadvantage suffered as a result of the disability. Employee representatives met with the Employee Council and subgroups being held throughout the year. Information is shared and discussed, with consultation on matters in accordance with the Council's Constitution. Members of the Management Team attended the meetings to address the Council, and to provide updates on their respective functional pillars and answer questions. The Employee Council is made up of elected representatives, representing non-negotiated colleagues and Unite, the Union shop stewards, represent negotiated colleagues in our production sites. Unite the Union shop stewards also take part in local dialogue with the Group. Reward All colleagues participate in a short-term incentive, or some other variable pay arrangement, which contains a strong link to performance at the Group, channel, function or team level, as well as taking account of individual performance. In 2020, as a result of the impact of COVID-19 on business performance, there was no payment in respect of the Short-term Incentive ('STI') scheme for colleagues at all levels, including senior management, or our safes incentive schemes. Local production bonuses were still paid where already agreed as part of collective labour agreements. In 2021, criteria were met and payment of the STI was made. Additionally, a performance-based share plan (Long-term Incentive Plan, LTIP) is in place for senior management of the Group. The scheme is operated by Heineken N.V.. The vesting of the share rights is subject to internal financial measures of performance and continued service over a three-year period. Again, as a result of COVID-19, performance thresholds were missed and the 2018-2020 LTIP plan did not vest in April 2021. The 2019-2021 LTIP plan vested in April 2022. Stakeholder engagement Engaging with stakeholders to deliver long term success is a key priority for the Board. The Group's strategy is built around EverGreen and all decisions take into account the impact on stakeholders. We design our strategy to enable us to w·in in the marketplace, focus on the long-term sustainability of our business and create value for stakeholders. We aim to consider our effect on the wider society, communities and the environment. Our stakeholders and partners are crucial to the long-term success of the Group. They help us to stay focused and tell us when they feel we are moving off track. We engage with them and measure the progress of our relationships in three ways:· reputation research, roundtables and ongoing stakeholder dialogue.    Stakeholder engagement (continued) Suppliers We continue to work together with our suppliers to ensure high ethical standards and respect for human rights and the environment. A key focus is on reducing our impacts through the design and production of our packaging. We support our suppliers to make the transition to use more renewable energy in the production of our packaging, while developing solutions to reduce emissions and ensuring our packaging is recyclable. As a large company the Board recognises that late supplier payment continues to be a problem for small and medium sized enterprises (SM Es) as it affects cash flow and ability to trade. Our standard payment terms are normally a maximum of 60 days for SMEs and 120 days to all non SMEs. However, supplier payment terms are mutually agreed with each supplier at onboarding and with contracted suppliers during negotiation. In addition, suppliers may take advantage of finance available with our preferred banking provider. Customers and consumers The Board regularly reviews how the Group maintains positive relationships with customers and consumers. We know we must stay close to both our customers and our consumers. As digital innovation reshapes the beer industry's route to market, the consumer relationship is vital. We engage with consumers to encourage responsible drinking through our brand campaigns that provide a unique platform for sharing our responsible consumption message. Sustainability Together we are raising the bar on sustainability and responsibility. We know that we can only thrive if the environment around us is also thriving. Nature has reached a critical turning point, and the science is clear that we must act now to dramatically reduce the long-term devastating impacts on our planet's climate, biodiversity, water, and natural resources. Climate change is a global threat to humanity that will shape the way we do business in the coming decades. In the worst-case scenarios, climate change could impact on water availability, the yield of our raw ingredients such as barley and apples, the cost and availability of raw materials as well as interrupting the production of our beers and ciders and the operation of our pubs. The challenges and risks related to climate change require us to take measures that may result in additional costs to the business, but over the long term mitigate against future outlays and, importantly, protect the planet we all share. Taking a long-term approach, as a global business, we are committed to helping limit global warming to 1.5°C by achieving a net zero carbon emissions value chain by 2040. We aim to reduce pressures on natural resources by shifting from a linear to a circular economy and a focus on water stewardship will ensure we can protect water resources. Our commitment to reduce our impact on the environment and be a positive force in society is captured in our Brew A Better World strategy, designed to set stretching, measurable targets and align our global organisation to achieve them. We have an established Heineken UK Sustainability Cabinet made up of cross-functional senior leaders whose role it is to set and monitor our environmental sustainability targets, as well as driving action across the business and monitoring any risks that could impact our progress. As the UK's largest pub, beer, and cider company we have responsibilities that extend beyond running a profitable business. We strive to have a positive impact in the communities where we work and so our Brew a Better World 2030 ambitions are woven into the fabric of our balanced growth strategy, EverGreen, putting sustainability and responsibility front and centre as we write our next growth chapter.
