   Corporate Governance Statement For the year ended 31 December 2021, OVO Group Ltd met the qualifying conditions to provide a corporate governance statement under The Companies (Miscellaneous Reporting) Regulations 2019. As an investment holding company, Imagination Industries Ltd have delegated the corporate governance arrangements and day to day management to an OVO Group Board on which the Imagination Industries Directors make recommendations. This statement therefore sets out the corporate governance arrangements for OVO Group Ltd. In this reporting period, OVO Group Ltd has applied the Wates Corporate Governance Principles for Large Private Companies. OVO Group Ltd complies with the principles as follows: Purpose and Leadership OVO's vision is to power human progress with clean, affordable energy for everyone. Plan Zero sets out our purpose - to drive progress to zero carbon living - and our strategy for achieving this. We recognise our role in leading the transition from fossil fuels to renewable energy, and in building an energy system fit for a more sustainable and renewable future. The OVO Group Ltd Board is committed to fulfilling our purpose, and overseeing OVO's strategy to achieve it in a way that is ethical, responsible and creates long term value for all of our stakeholders. OVO's three values underpin our culture and help our business grow, prosper and successfully deliver on the ambitions set out in Plan Zero. • Find a Better Way - We always look for a better way, whether that's by delivering a better service, employing brilliant people or improving our products and processes. • Do What's Right - Being open, honest and fair is one of the values which applies to everything we do. We take pride in talking to our customers and delivering exceptional work. • Build Something Great - Simple solutions aren't quick or easy to find. They take time and tenacity. Our people work to find an answer that helps us 'build something great'. In 2021, the OVO Code of Conduct was refreshed and published on the OVO.com website. Training on the refreshed code is being rolled out for all our people during 2022.    Director responsibilities As an investment and day to day recommendations. holding company, Imagination Industries Ltd have delegated the corporate governance arrangements management to an OVO Group Board on which the Imagination Industries Ltd Directors make The Boards of OVO subsidiaries are made up of members of the OVO leadership team and senior management. OVO has a governance and leadership structure in place which provides a clear framework for oversight and decision making for commercial and functional leaders, that ensures we can deliver on the ambitions set out in Plan Zero, drive commercial performance and oversee the operations of each of our businesses. Directors are aware of their responsibilities under The Companies Act 2006 as well as their wider legal obligations and the requirements of sector specific regulation in the markets which OVO does business in. Building on the governance changes implemented last year, during 2021, the OVO Group Ltd Board reviewed its composition and structure. In late 2021, the Board introduced a new committee structure with a Remuneration Committee and a separate Audit Committee and Risk Committee. During 2021, the Combined Risk and Audit Committee met 4 times and the new Audit Committee met once. The new Risk Committee met for the first time in early 2022. The work of the Combined Risk and Audit Committee, and subsequently the new committees, is focused on the soundness of financial statements and the effectiveness of risk management and internal controls. The committees oversee the relationship with our external auditors and receive regular reports on the risk management and internal controls across all OVO Group Ltd subsidiaries from our Risk & Compliance and Internal Audit teams. In 2021, the Combined Risk and Audit Committee reviewed OVO's principal risks, received detailed risk assessments on OVO's management of Financial and Commodity risk, Change Delivery risk including the customer migration, Customer Operations risk and People and Culture risk. The committee also agreed OVO's Internal Audit programme for 2021, its approach to non-audit services and uncorrected misstatements, and the Group Tax strategy statement. Reporting to the OVO Group Ltd Board, the OVO leadership team is in place to: set group-wide strategy and track performance against it; oversee the 'how' of the combined business; make decisions / resolve issues that have group-wide impact; and make investment/ resource allocation decisions.    Board Composition The OVO Group Ltd Board is chaired by Stephen Murphy, who during the year ended 31 December 2021 also held positions as the Chairman of GYG pie and London & Capital Group Limited. The role of Chairman is separate from Chief Executive. During the year, a total of 9 directorships were held, consisting of 6 non-executive Directors (including the Chair), and 3 executive Directors. In 2021, the OVO Group Ltd Board met 4 times and the Directors attended as follows: Director Stephen Murphy (Chair) Stephen Fitzpatrick (CEO/Founder) Adrian Letts (OVO Retail CEO) Atsushi Suzuki (Director) Daniel Sasaki (Director) Stacey Cartright (Director) (18 January 2021-19 July 2021) William Castell (OVO Retail CFO) (18 January 2021-28 October 2021) Vincent Casey (Director and Secretary) Opportunity and risk % 2021 meetings attended during appointment 100% 50% 75% 100% 100% 100% 100% 100% The OVO Group Ltd Board is responsible for OVO's strategic direction and making sure risk is effectively managed. OVO has considered its key operational risks and identified seven Principal Risks: • Financial and Commodity • People and Culture • Customer Proposition • Customer Operations • Regulation, Compliance and Reporting • Change Delivery • Security and Resilience These Principal Risks are those which could stop OVO from offering the best customer service, delivering Plan Zero and staying financially healthy. OVO's leadership team is responsible for setting the tolerable level of risk which OVO are willing to take for each Principal Risk. The OVO Risk Policy defines OVO's approach to risk management. An enterprise wide view is achieved through the combination of bottom up and top down assessments, with alignment of risks to Principal Risk categories - providing meaningful information to enable informed decision making. OVO's Risk Team helps its leadership team understand which risks are too high and need further action. OVO's Risk Framework, provides a centralised governance approach that defines the processes, systems and tools for effective risk management.    Financial risks The Group's activities expose it to a variety of financial risks: credit risk, market risk (predominantly from interest rate risk and commodity price risk), liquidity risk and operational risk. The Group's overall risk management programme focuses on the unpredictability of commodity price markets and seeks to minimise potential adverse effects on the Group's financial performance. Risk management is carried out by the Risk and Audit Committees, under policies approved by the Directors and the Group management team. The Group manages credit risk relating to trade receivables and accrued income by monitoring the ageing of outstanding balances regularly and, depending on the business units, assessing the creditworthiness of a new customer before trade commences. As the Group's customer base is residential and therefore diverse, there is limited concentration of risk. The Group borrows to finance its operations and growth. Interest rate risk is the risk that the future cash flows of a financial instrument will fluctuate because of changes in market interest rates. The Group's exposure to the risk of changes in market interest rates relates primarily to the Group's long-term debt obligations with floating interest rates. The Group aims to minimise interest rate risk in order to optimise cost of capital. The Group manages commodity price risk by securing gas and electricity under forward contracts. The Group manages cashflow and liquidity risk through a combination of short and long range forecasting tools. This enables cash to be managed responsibly through our capital allocation process. The Group manages operational risk arising from its processes, systems and controls by regularly assessing risk from its operations, investing in key technology controls, and monitoring and improving its processes. Remuneration As an investment holding company, Imagination Industries Ltd have delegated the corporate governance arrangements and day to day management to an OVO Group Board on which the Imagination Industries Ltd Directors make recommendations. The OVO Group Remuneration Committee is focused on ensuring that we can attract and retain the right mix of talented, innovative, and passionate individuals in our senior management as well as across OVO. The Remuneration Committee approves OVO's Long Term Incentive Plan, which is designed to reward and retain our senior management, based on OVO's growth trajectory. Each year, the Committee considers whether to invite employees to join the Plan; and the target award for each category of employee (based on seniority/level of impact to the organisation's success). The OVO Annual bonus, available to a wider group of our people, is underpinned by a financial gateway, meaning bonuses will not be paid if the organisation does not perform financially. The other metrics of customer satisfaction ensure OVO does not award bonuses if OVO has not acted in the best interest of our customers. The metrics are reviewed each year to ensure they remain aligned with OVO's strategy and purpose. Annually, all executive remuneration is benchmarked against external market data. This exercise shows spikes in specific disciplines and allows OVO to view remuneration by gender/ethnicity/level. Any changes to C-Suite base pay is reviewed and approved by the Remuneration Committee. Stakeholders Stakeholders are at the heart of our strategy and business model and our Board aims to uphold the highest standard of conduct while ensuring that all decisions are taken with consideration of the long term interests of stakeholders. Our Section 172 statement decision making. provides more detail on how we engage stakeholders and consider their interests in Board
