   CORPORATE  GOVERNANCE In July 2018, the Financial Reporting Council published its new UK Corporate governance Code (the "code"). The governance of the Group, which includes the company, operates in accordance with the overall governance structure which is described in this report. The Board is committed to ensuring business integrity and high ethical values with appropriate corporate responsibility and professionalism. The Group has adopted the Wates Corporate Principles for Large Private Companies (published by the FRCin December 2018 (the "principles"). Set out below are details on how the principles were applied during the financial period: Principle 1- Purpose & Leadership The Directors have a duty to promote the successof the company, which brings responsibilities to a range of stakeholders. This responsibility is reflected in our Values - "we are about our People, our Guests, our Investors and our Impact on Society". Given the first year of trading there has been significant debate, reflection & alignment on what success looks like and how the Board and Management can drive purpose and leadership. This has also required extensive dialogue with our team, our suppliers and our investors to share & cascade our purpose and to build & maintain positive relationships. Long term sustainable value is dependent on the success of all stakeholders. Supporting our values and driving culture also requires encouraging positive mindset and behaviours'. We encourage each team member to "give the best of me, for the best of us" by our identified behaviours, which include respect everyone, develop others, do less-better, challenge others & make work fun. In turn we recognize the importance of feedback from our teams, which includes employee surveys, workplace engagement, exit interviews and other opportunities for sharing of views and information. Equally important in driving purpose & leadership is to provide appropriate frameworks that support and protect our stakeholders. This includes embedding appropriate practices and policies around critical areas, which include but are not limited to employment, risk management, health & safety, whistle-blowing and anti-bribery & corruption. Principle 2 - Board Composition The Board of the parent company of the Group comprises five directors: Non-Executive Chairman, two Non-Executive Directors (representing the majority shareholder), the CEO and the CFO. The size and structure of the Board is appropriate to meet the strategic needs and challenges of the Group. The Chair leads the Board and is responsible for its overall effectiveness in directing the Group. In addition, the Chair facilitates and supports constructive Board relations and the effective contribution of the Directors. The Board members have extensive experience in managing businesses. The combination of skills, background, experience, and knowledge enables robust thinking and constructive challenge, providing effective decision making for the Group. Given this was the first year for the group the Board has regularly reviewed its corporate governance procedures and will continue to look for further ways to improve its effectiveness.    Principle 3 - Director Responsibilities Each Board member has an understanding on Director accountability and responsibilities. All directors make declarations about any potential conflicts of interest at Board meetings. The Chair and the Company Secretary regularly consider the governance processes, including frequency, timing & agenda of Board meetings. The Chair, in consultation with the Board Members, sets the agenda for Board Meetings and encourages open and constructive debate at all meeting. The Directors receive regular and timely information to allow them to undertake review and proper evaluation and to appropriately prepare for meetings. Key information is prepared by Management and their teams, and stakeholders in that process are appropriately qualified to ensure information is appropriately prepared and reviewed prior to distribution to the Board. Feedback is regularly provided by the Board to Management on quality and content of Board Papers. A shareholder agreement governs the Group and states those matters that require Board approvals, including Board & Committee appointments. The agreement provides for an Audit Committee & a Remuneration Committee. Terms of reference guide both committees on accountability and responsibility. Accountability of the Audit Committee includes accounting policies & procedures, group reporting & controls, legal and accounting compliance, audit, and risk management. Key deliverables during the period were the tender for audit services & subsequent appointment of RSM as auditors. Other key work streams included development of the Risk Register. Scope for the Remuneration Committee includes salary and benefits, management equity, bonus schemes and other employee related matters. Principle 4 - Opportunity & Risk The Board is accountable for ensuring that the Group's focus on long term success is supported by strategic decision making and effective risk management. Management, supported by the Board, has the responsibility to mitigate risks and identify & accelerate opportunities. Major decisions relating to capital investment, annual budgets & supply contracts require approval ofthe Board. The Board is provided with detailed background that enables constructive debate and challenge, which in turn assists in understanding the opportunities and risks relating to key decisions. The Group has a range of brands and restaurants across the UK and value over the longer term is dependent on unlocking opportunities and reducing risks. During the period this included Board decisions relating to new site openings, refurbishment of existing sites and brand reappraisal activity. Where required the Group will utilise the service ofthird in specialist areas. Principle 5 - Remuneration parties to support risk management, particularly Senior Management remuneration is determined in accordance with the Remuneration Committee ("RemCom"). All remuneration decisions above the prescribed threshold must be approved by RemCom.    Principle 5 - Remuneration The Board recognises the importance of attracting and retaining high calibre directors and senior management and provide salary, benefits, and equity opportunities to align remuneration with both short and long-term deliverables of the Group. Individual annual pay reviews are undertaken for salaried roles, which are performance based and benchmarked, where appropriate, against relevant external roles. The pay and conditions of the wider workforce are considered by Management and the Board to ensure that we provide appropriate levels of pay, benefits and incentives to motivate and retain our teams. Principle6 - Stakeholders The Board recognises the importance of stakeholder relationships that include, but which are not limited to, our team, our guests, our investors, our suppliers, and the wider community. Refer to the s.172 Statement in the Strategic Report for further background on Stakeholder Relationships & Engagement.
