   Overview of ISS UK Limited ISS Mediclean Limited is part of the UK ISS Group of businesses and is wholly owned by ISS UK Holdings Limited, in turn wholly owned by ISS Global A/S, the ultimate parent company. ISS Mediclean Limited is the operational company servicing UK public sector clients. The ISS UK&I Group in total employs around 32,000 people with skills ranging from Cleaning, Catering, Security and Facility Maintenance. ISS Mediclean Limited ISS Mediclean Limited primarily focuses on public sector contracts. Overview: • Healthcare - 9 Private Finance Initiative (PFI) contracts and other direct Trust contracts offering a wide range of services, for example: cleaning, portering services, security (See Stakeholder Table for some key Healthcare initiatives) • Defence, Central and Local Government • Education - catering for school meals across the UK. • The division has 35 contracts supporting UK Critical National Infrastructure. This area, particularly the Healthcare business, continued to be impacted by the Global Pandemic. Supporting frontline staff and keeping them safe remains the company's key priority. Global Corporate Governance and The Wates Principles ISS Global A/S is a public company listed on the Danish Stock Exchange, Nasdaq Copenhagen ("the ISS Group"). As such, the ISS Group are legally required to abide by the Danish Corporate Governance Codes and a published report can be found in the ISS Global 2021 Annual Report on the company's website (www.issworld.com). As part of the overall ISS Group, ISS Mediclean Limited is subject to the Group led Corporate Governance standards as set out in the ISS Corporate Governance Policy and as reported in the ISS Global A/S Annual Report. ISS UK Limited aligns these Group Policy principles to the Wates Principles as a Corporate Governance Code for the UK Group. The Wates Principles are set out below. Work in 2021 continued to progress alongside the focus on maintaining ongoing operations in response to the Global Pandemic. Each Principle is set out with an assessment of compliance and where applicable highlighting the areas where improvements to the Frameworks are being made, to further enhance the ISS UK Group Corporate Governance. Company Purpose Wates Principle I: Board promotes the purpose of a company and ensures that its values, strategy and culture align with that purpose. Purpose ISS Global and all operating countries have a clearly defined purpose: "Connecting people and places to make the world work better" In the UK, the Board aligns to the Strategies set out at Group level to promote arid embed the purpose. Examples can be seen throughout the Stakeholder Table and in the below narrative.    S has five values: 1) Quality - We are professionals with a passion for quality. We deliver on our promise. We deliver. 2) Entrepreneurship - Action speaks louder than words. All our employees have a 'license to act' and are expected to do so. We act. 3) Responsibility - Indifference is immoral. We care about what we do and for whom we do it. We care. 4) Honesty - Our honesty is non-negotiable. We respect our customers, our colleagues and our company. We respect. 5) Unity - We trust each other and believe in creating equality, inclusion and a sense of belonging for all - a culture where everyone can be their authentic selves. We trust. Strategy ISS Global A/S determines the overall strategy for the global operating companies and maintains a framework of policies, standards, guidance, incentive schemes and controls for the operating companies to adopt and embed within the operation of their country. • The strategy and objectives set are actioned and governed by the Executive Group Management (EGM) of which the UK&I CEO is a member of, and the Board Committees. The operating countries and entities make decisions in line with the objectives of the EGM. The Non-Executive Directors of the various committees satisfy themselves that financial, non-financial, risk management and control frameworks are suitably robust. Decisions made at ISS Group and country entity level consider the interests of all stakeholders. The principal decisions are outlined below. On the 16 th of December 2020, ISS Group announced a new strategy. This, coupled with the appointment of a new UK&I CEO Liz Benison in May 2021, provides a solid foundation for the ISS UK Group to further develop and embed the core principles whilst strengthening and focusing the overall business. The ISS Global strategy can be found on the company's website (www.issworld.com) The key operating model is: Stronger • The most respected global leader in IFS • # 1 globally in cleaning • Investing in central functions to drive excellence in the way ISS work • Building world class technology Simpler • Key account strategy underpinned • Sharper commercial focus • Aligned structure, processes and ways of working Closer • Working together lu deliver for our customers • Collaborating to grow our business • Building our collective culture as OneISS ISS Global developed five key strategic areas supporting this new strategy and during 2021 the ISS UK Group set about embedding those areas of strategic focus across the business and a new organisation structure was put in place, effective 1 st January 2022. The following table describes these areas of strategic focus and provides examples of achievements within the ISS UK Group.    Strategic areas Objectives To enable the strategic areas ISS Group set e:lobalwide objectives - examples below UK achievements aligned to Group Leveraging global scale Fit for delivering Integrated Facility Services (IFS) to key accounts. In 2021 ISS Group set the objective for countries to prepare their organisations for the launch of the new strategy in January 2022. New UK Leadership established: The new leadership team were fully in place by I" January 2022 and their sectors aligned to the new OneISS structure which sets the UK up to be fit for delivering IFS. This leadership structure is aligned to supporting the delivery of IFS. ISS UK&I CEO is a member of the Executive Group Management (EGM) team. This position sitting on the EGM is a new initiative, showing the importance of the UK as a company within the Group and forging strong collaboration. UK developed and implemented the Operations Performance Division - this divisions key to enabling, enhancing and supporting IFS and is aligned with the Health Safety Environment and Quality (HSEQ) team. Commercial discipline Disciplined bid-to-operations process to mitigate risk of significant underperforming contracts and countries New Global bid process adopted in the UK. The Global bid processes provides additional rigour and discipline throughout the UK. Operations Products Performance & Innovative service customer segments offering for prioritised Sustainability and Diversity & Inclusion at the core The UK has many specialist teams including the Food Service team. This team has had an active involvement in ISS Global leading innovations team, with two UK initiatives being adopted and rolled out across the UK (see Stakeholder Table - Food Services). The ISS UK Group has a dedicated Sustainability team who have both inward and external support and consultative capacity. Directly reporting to Operations Performance, the team's expertis·e is used to enhance the service provision and further enable IFS (See Stakeholder Table - Customers Net Zero).    Strategic areas Objectives To enable the strategic areas ISS Group set global wide objectives - examples below UK achievements aligned to Group Technology Technology backbone required to improve commercial discipline and operational excellence During 2021, the ISS UK IT team were realigned to report directly to ISS Global IT. The Global resource has been strengthened centrally with the addition of a robust Information Security team. This allows the ISS Group to manage global threats with greater resilience and provide additional support and knowledge sharing. Culture Diverse and inclusive leadership ISS UK&I CEO signed up to the UN Women's ~mpowerment Principles. The ISS UK Group included Diversity and Inclusion specific guidance into the recruitment policy. By the end of 2021/beginning of 2022 the UK Executive Member Board was 50:50 gender mix (see below, Stakeholder Table and Corporate Governance) Culture ISS is a people company, our engagement with our employees is key. We call our frontline employees placemakers. Throughout 2021 ISS focused on providing a clean and safe working environment for our customers' employees as well as our own employees. (see Stakeholder Table). Compliance to the Principle: The ISS UK Board presides over the operations of the ISS UK Group, including ISS Mediclean Limited, and promotes the overall purpose oflntegrated Facilities Management. During 2021, the ISS UK Group commenced the programme of aligning with the ISS Group strategic direction, OnelSS. In doing so, the UK Board and the UK Executive T\tfanagementBoard have put a focus on Key Accounts and Integrated Facilities Management. Within the public sector there has been a focus on Healthcare and Education. As such, ISS UK Group have a strong and well promoted purpose and believe that the Board meets the requirements set out in this Principle. Board Composition Wates Principle 2: An effective Board composition requires an effective chair and a balance of skills, backgrounds, experience and knowledge, with individual Directors having sufficient capacity to make valuable contribution. ISS A/S and ISS Global A/S are based in Copenhagen, Denmark where the corporate governance begins with a Board of Directors, overseeing the Executive Group Management (EGM). As a country within the ISS Global Group, the UK Executive Management Board sits underneath this.    Remuneration Committee Nomination Committee f):(#Jjl[Jb@@mml(M);laf#l3§11tJ9 (lffl1t) Transaction Committee Mr<~~ ~~ ISS Mediclean Limited has 3 Statutory Board members and all the members of the Statutory Board sit on the UK Executive Management Board (EMB) with the addition of 5 further Directors who form the ISS UK Group (the organisation structure is detailed below). The EMB embeds the Group Strategy and applies it across UK decisions.· These decisions are delegated through to Senior Management centrally through ISS UK Limited into ISS Mediclean Limited and other subsidiary companies. During 202 I the ISS UK Group strengthened the UK Executive Management Board. ► ► ► ► ► ► Liz Benison joined as CEO of UK & Ireland in May 2021 Jo Roberts joined as CFO in September 2021 Martin Burholt joined in November 2021 as Chief Operating Officer for the Public Sector Sandy Lucas joined as Director of P&C in January 2022 Kevin Wildman joined in January 2022 as Chief Operating Officer for the Private Sector Elena Zachariou joined the UK EMB as Legal Director in May 2021, having worked at ISS for 13 years ISS UK Limited & Ireland Executive Management Board Current Executive Management Board as of 2 nd January 2022, following the OneISS restructure: ■ -. . . . ■■••■■■■■  . ..  .  - . .  .  .  -  ..  • '  • t.  I  •  I  I  ••  -.  -  . . .    The ISS UK CEO acts as chair to the Statutory Board of Directors as well as their role as CEO to the Executive Management Board. There is additional rigour with the ISS UK Group reporting into ISS Group, who preside over company and group strategy. Therefore, we do not feel at present it is necessary to have a separate Chair and CEO. CEO Liz Benison, joined May 2021 Liz joined ISS in May 2021 as the UK&I CEO. In this role she is accountable for all ofISS's activities in the UK and Ireland, from strategy through to execution. She also joined the Group's Executive Group Management at the same time. Liz has spent 20+ years in outsourcing with System's Integrators such as Capgemini and CSC and other business service providers such as Serco and Arriva. Liz holds Companion Status as a Chartered Manager and is a recognised Diversity Champion in the UK. She also holds a non-executive director position on the Board of Openreach. Her purpose at ISS is to ensure that the UK&I business delivers on all its commitments to all of its stakeholders, employees, customers, the Executive Committee and the Board, shareholders, our supply chain an<lultimately the communities in which we operate, and in the local execution of the overall ISS Group Strategy. Her skillset is extensive knowledge and experience oflarge service providers and extensive UK industry experience. CFO Jo Roberts, joined September 2021 Jo is a qualified Chartered Accountant with over 20 years' experience in senior finance and commercial roles within both privately held and UK listed organisations. Jo has spent 15+ years in outsourcing, having worked for Serco for over 12 years in several roles including that of CFO, Local and Regional Government and Europe. Her purpose in this role is to lead, embed, support and continuously improve all aspects of the finance function within the UK and its support to the broader business, including driving the Finance Improvement Programme (see below) and enhancing the rigour of the financial control framework. Jo has deep experience in transforming finance functions plus operating at an executive level with focus on deploying excellent technical, compliance and commercial know-how. Director People and Culture Sandy Lucas, joined January 2022 Sandy joined ISS UK&I in January 2022 as People & Culture Director. In this role she is accountable for developing and executing the UK&I people strategy and responsible for all dimensions of People & Culture to attract, grow and retain talent. Sandy worked at GE Capital for 5 years where she became a certified as a GE Quality Leader, broadening her Lean Six Sigma experience. Sandy has championed gender diversity throughout her career. She led GE Women's Network EMEA which spanned 35 countries and has ~olunteered with CWN for over IO years, previously being co-chair Membership Committee, President and President Emeritus. She is currently co-lead for Inclusion & Belonging. Her purpose is to make ISS UK&I the Employer of Choice & Belonging within the FM industry and beyond. As a people focused organisation, she is pivotal to ensuring the engagement and communication to the UK employees. Her skillset is organisational structural and cultural knowledge alongside diversity and inclusion. Chief Operating Officer Aidan Bell Aidan joined ISS in September 2019 as Chief Operating Officer to lead our Private Sector, after spending 20 years in the FM industry with Balfour Beatty, Aramark and Interserve. Responsible for all operational activities, Aidan drives excellence and innovation for our clients within the fast-paced private sector.    Chief Operating Officer Martin Burholt, joined November 2021 Martin joined ISS in November 2021 as the COO for the Government, Healthcare, Education and Infrastructure businesses. He is responsible for the growth, contract service delivery and transformation of customer accounts across the public and regulated market sectors in the UK. Martin has 30 years of experience in the outsourced service sector, having previously worked for companies such as Mitie, Interserve, Engie, Balfour Beatty and B~uygues. His purpose is to ensure that as a key overall customer, the Government sector engagement is maintained, ISS policies and procedures are implemented through the operations teams and that resources are focussed on achieving core ISS objectives and aspirations. His skillset is public sector and the regulated market industry knowledge. Chief Operating Officer Kevin Wildman, joined January 2022 Kevin joined ISS in January 2022 as COO for the Office and Production segment. This sector is largely private business and has numerous operational demands. Kevin has extensive experience in outsourcing and within business services, most recently within Wincanton, the UK's largest Logistics company and Serco as Business Transfonnation Director/Managing Director for Europe, based in Brussels. His purpose is to bring his extensive operational knowledge and experience to the Board to develop, support and improve the function in line with the overall ISS UK Group and ISS Group strategy. His skillset is operational knowledge and transformation. Chief Commercial Officer Simon Titchener Simon joined ISS in July 2007, working across various roles across both in the UK and globally before joining the UK&I Executive Management Board in 2019 as Chief Commercial Officer. Previous positions within ISS have included Managing Director of the Food Services business, Global Account Director for our largest Financial Services client and Global COO for the Banking sector. His purpose is to bring a focus and strategic direction for both Public and Private Sectors. His skillset is industry knowledge as well as the commercial balance. Legal Director, Elena Zachariou Elena joined the UK&I Country Leadership Team as Legal Director in May 2021, having worked for ISS in various legal roles for 13 years. In this role, Elena is accountable for legal compliance and for driving performance and .implementation of the company's strategy, along with her peers. Elena has an LLB in Law and has over 19 years in house legal experience in sectors such as the nuclear industry, oil and gas and facility services. Her purpose is to ensure that ISS, in the UK and Ireland, is compliant with the Law, policies and regulations, as well as ensuring internal governance standards and requirements are adhered to. Her skillset is knowledge internally and externally of compliance and requirements within the facility services industry and the UK. Compliance to the Principle In 202 I, the ISS UK Group was strengthened and by the end of 2021/beginning of 2022 the full EMB team was established. The eight members of the EMB comprise a gender balanced Board and the mix of skillsets as shown are based on a wide range of knowledge and experience to enable them to challenge each other and provide a robust review and decision-making body. The wealth and diversity of sector and specialist experience and knowledge ensures that the Board is effective in its ability to govern UK operations.    Directors' and Board responsibilities Wates Principle 3: The Board and individual directors should have a clear understanding of their accountability and· responsibilities. Its policies and procedures should support effective decisions-making and independent challenge. ISS A/S Committees Board committees The below committees report to the ISS Global Board of Directors. These Committees are at Group level and designed to scrutinise the operational country input. Feedback is cascaded to the UK via the UK Executive Management Board (see ISS UK Governance below). Audit and Risk Committee (ARC) The Audit and Risk Committee evaluates the external financial reporting and significant accounting estimates and judgements and reviews and monitors systems of internal controls and risk management. Its duties also include monitoring of the Group Internal Audit function and evaluation of the risk management procedures, Financial Policy, Dividend Policy and Tax Policy. In addition, the Audit and Risk Committee considers the independence of, and relationship with the auditors, reviews the audit process and recommends auditors to the Board. The main elements of interaction between the countries and the ISS Group consist of Group led audits, Financial Control updates and escalation of Risk Assessments for bids and suppliers. The ISS UK Group feed into the overall control environment <,:valuationheld at Group level and provide regular updates to the ARC on the current status of the UK financial control environment, and the steps the company is taking to further strengthen governance of controls across the UK business. The ARC acknowledges the updates and provides guidance and advice where appropriate. Remuneration Committee The Remuneration Committee assists the Board of Directors with reviewing and making recommendations in respect of the Remuneration Policy, the overall guidelines on Incentive Pay, the remuneration of the members of the Board of Directors and the Executive Group Management Board, as well as a remuneration policy applicable to ISS in general. This committee presides over the UK Executive Management Board remuneration (Wates Principle 5). Nomination Committee The Nomination Committee assists the Board of Directors with ensuring that appropriate plans and processes are in place for nomination of candidates to the Board of Directors and the Executive Group Management Board and evaluating the composition of these Boards. Furthermore, the Nomination Committee makes recommendations for nomination or appointment of members of the Board of Directors, the Executive Group Management Board and the committees established by the Board of Directors. Transaction Committee The Transaction Committee makes recommendations to the Board of Directors in respect of certain large acquisitions, divestments and client contracts, reviews the transaction pipeline, considers ISS' procedures for large transactions, and evaluates selected effected transactions.    ISS UK Limited Governance The ISS UK Executive Management Board (EMB) presides over the management of the ISS UK Group. This Board meet formally each month for the UK & Ireland Executive Management Board Meeting. The structure of the management teams _andthe business provides each member with a clear accountability. At each monthly Board meeting, the individual directors present an overview for their area, showing financial overviews, engagement with stakeholders and the 'Highs & Lows' of the month. This enables board members to have visibility of all areas of the UK business, enable open discussion and challenge cross functionally. Reporting to Group Board ISS UK Executive Management Board have a monthly Business Review and at least a quarterly review with the Executive Group Management (EGM) and Group Committees at Parent company level. ISS Mediclean Limited see this reporting and management as a robust structure, as the EGM are independent of the day-to-day management of the operations in the UK. Additionally, there are several control functions set up within the wider Group to preside over the UK entities. For example, Group Internal Audit, Group Legal/Group Treasury & Risk and Group Information Security. Therefore, whilst operationally the CEO chairs the Executive Board Meetings and there are no independent members at UK level, there is independent review of the Executive Board, and strategic decisions are sanctioned via the wider Group Governance framework. Compliance to the Principle Throughout 2021 the Directors remained in the current overall structure and EMB accountability remained consistent. UK is a key part of the Global business, reiterated by the elevation of the UK CEO to the Executive Group Management at a global level. At present there are a suite of policies at Group level for the running of the business and these are adopted within the UK, such as the Code of Conduct, and there is also a Delegated Authority Matrix that clearly defines the level of authority required for various decisions. There have been some control failings that require remediation and for which the company is addressing through the implementation of a financial control framework. These are detailed under Principle 4 below. The key focus for the ISS UK Group for 2021 has been to align the structure to Group OneISS, including making the Governance structure more robust. This will be fully rolled out throughout 2022, as the business embeds the new Global Strategy. Opportunity and risk Wates Principle 4: A Board should promote the long-term success of the company by identifying opportunities to create and preserve value and establish oversight for the identification and mitigation of risk.    Opportunities The UK Board and ISS Global A/S regularly consider new opportunities. The new structure and strategic approach, OneISS, is designed to support this both internally through the creation of the Operations Performance segment and externally through standardising and strengthening core services and creating a more robust commercial bid process. Risk Identification and Management The Risk Management Framework will be replicaleJ within the UK roadmap for the operational use::in count1y, with the aim of providing: 1) Stronger Governance (reporting of bottom-up risks); 2) Simpler Processes - moving away from a probability-based risk assessment towards a more holistic vulnerability measure and 3) Cluse1 (;@Ununity- the strengthened Central Hub. This top-down approach helps the ISS Group to collate their key risk areas and evaluate them from a central global perspective. A review of these risks and the mitigations in place in the UK was performed and used to drive actions for key areas. In 2019/20 a number of areas within Finance were identified as risk and in response a series of control reviews and work streams were set up and continue to be rolled out across the UK. The main workstreams fall into two areas: 1) Enhanced Financial Control Framework ISS Global Finance have a rolled out a Risk and Control Matrix (RACM) which has been adopted and adapted to the UK finance processes throughout 2021 and 2022, resulting in a series of documented controls. These controls will be managed by a new software system as a tool for self-assessment, audit and robust centrai oversight. 2) Financial Improvement Programme (FIP) A programme of improvements was initiated in March 2020 and continued in 2021. Throughout 2021, the FIP was managed by a central project team and governed by the Change Advisory Board. This board has both UK&I and ISS Group representatives. During the year the programme moved towards the first of three transformation phases, with the aim to ensure the UK are fully prepared to adopt ISS Group processes and standards as they are introduced. The three phases of Standardise, Optimise and Transform will cover Purchase to Pay, Order to Cash and Record to Report processes. Other macro-economic risks Other macro-economic risks have also played a large role in 2021 and the beginning of 2022. In our key markets, inflation has been rising putting pressure on wages and cost of goods. We have a structured approach to inflation risk, as even low inflation scenarios can impact margin significantly, if not appropriately managed. On the customer side, we generally include pass-on clauses in our contracts. Also, our scale and broad service scope often allows us to drive efficiencies through scope changes that can limit inflation impact for the customer. In terms of cost of goods, our efforts to centralise spend with fewer suppliers allows the same benefit of leveraging supplier scale to manage cost increases. Wage inflation is to a large extent a result of collective bargaining agreements or legislation and as such difficult to impact directly.    Facilities Management System Transformation As part of the new OneISS Global strategy, a new business function has been developed, Operations Performance. This is a Global function with each country having a replica structure. 2021 saw the launch of the Global FMS@ISS Transformation Programme by the Group Business Transformation. This programme was designed to strengthen and leverage opportunities with the business and support with aligned and robust systems. FMS Transformation Our Value ~ Proposition 0 ~ Continuous Improvement Continuously developing and improving our FMSsystem, processes, taxonomy and accelerating on the Digital Workplace agenda. vP:: Productivity _li_ec_h_n-ica-,----Transformation {migrations) Successfully migrating key accounts to FMSaccording to latest blueprint • _B_us_i_n_ess_____ Transformation @ ~ @ Quality Compliance Scalability Maximizing the value ISS& Customers get out of FMS by optimizing the way we operate the system and its processes ~ncl. training) ~ Business Intelligence ISS Mediclean Limited Bottom-Up Risks ISS Mediclean Limited recognise the need to look at risks that emerge from within the business to ensure the normal running of the business is maintained and where such risks are identified, ensure they are escalated, and that effective risk management plans are implemented. During 2021, recovering from the Global Pandemic was still a key priority. In the UK, the Governance of the response to the pandemic was centrally managed by the Central Emergency Response Operation (CERO). The CERO met three times a week for the majority of the year and developed key procedures and guidelines, including Business Continuity Plans, Site closure plans and guidance, and Health and Safety communications. Integrated Management System In the UK we have an Integrated Management System (IMS) which conforms and is certified to the following international standards: ISO 14001: Environmental Management ISO45001: Occupational Health and Safety Management ISO900 I: Quality Management ISOS000 1: Energy Management ISO27001: Information Security (Technical Services, a division ofISS Facilities Services - *see note below) ISO44001: Collaborative Working ISO55001: Asset Management This system provides the compliance framework for H&S/Food Safety Environment etc as per above ISOs. Being aligned via the International Standard allows the ISS UK Group to harmonise between UK operations and the wider Group. The OneISS global restructure is looking to extend the scope of the ISO certifications to worldwide. Legal Regulatory Compliance In 2021 ISS UK identified the need to understand the Legal Regulatory Compliance environment and using a risk-based approach, ensure that obligations are understood and met. The current Global system used to record GDPR compliance is being reviewed and additional applications considered to use the system to record risks and compliance requirements. A central approach to incidents is being developed to ensure all incidents are managed. and lessons learned are embedded across the business. Within the ISS UK legal team, there are Legal Regulatory Compliance, Employment Law, Supplier and Contract Law specialists to support the business.    Technical Regulatory Compliance In 2021, the ISS UK Group improved the structure around technical statutory compliance, developing a more robust governance framework. This framework is dedicated to the Engineering and Hard FM regulations and ensures these are met by having an effective work permit and a review and reporting framework, which is embedded and operated correctly. Whistleblowing - Reactive Risk management The ISS Group Speak-Up Policy covers the reporting of serious and sensitive concerns that could have an adverse impact on the operations and performance of the business of ISS and which, due to the nature of the concern, cannot be reported through normal reporting lines. The nature of concerns could include: • unlawful activity • financial fraud • bribery or corruption • acts by senior management that cannot be reported using local channels • violation of competition laws • serious endangerment to environment, health and safety • activities, which otherwise by law, treaty or ·agreement amount to serious improper conduct. The policy is available externally and to all employees without the need to log into any system, ensuring that should any member of ISS have a concern, they can review the policy wherever they are. ISS Group have placed.further emphasis on the Speak-Up system as part of the OneISS restructure and have recruited a dedicated team member to manage the communication and support of the system. On l 81 March 2021, a dedicated Speak Up manager was hired to continue to embed the agenda of Speak Up, ethics and compliance at ISS Global_. During the year, the Code of Conduct and Speak Up Policy was reviewed and republished and recommunicated to all Countries. Addition.ally, there is refreshed Code of Conduct training for support staff on the ISS learning platform. Process The detail of each complaint is received by the Head of Group Internal Audit who: • records all reported complaints or concerns; • considers the seriousness and credibility of the complaint or concern raised and • proceeds accordingly in determining the appropriate action. Some complaints or concerns may be resolved without requiring investigation. All new joiners to the ISS Mediclean Limited business must complete mandatory Code of Conduct training which includes the Speak-Up Policy (whistleblowing). The Speak-up Policy is aligned with the Anti-Human Trafficking publications to further enhance awareness of issues in that area and facilitate a communications method. The policy and how to use it is reinforced via the new version of the UK Handbook which includes all the Speak-Up details. Compliance to the Principle Throughout 2021, whilst still reactively managing the ongoing effects of the Global Pandemic, ISS Mediclean Limited continued with key initiatives. The new OneISS structure strengthens some of the central group support functions including Risk, Information Security and Transformation. With the implementation of the additional resource at Group level for Risk, a refreshed methodology based on ISO33001 has been developed to better support the overall Enterprise Risk Management. The initial reporting to the new framework was April 2022 however throu·ghout 2021 work was performed to align to the framework. Additionally, a UK Risk Roadmap is being developed to support a more robust localised management ofrisks. This will feed into the overall Group risk and is based on the same methodology, ISO33001.    Executive Remuneration Wates Principle 5: A Board should promote executive remuneration structures aligned to sustainable long-term success of a company, taking into account pay and conditions elsewhere in the company. Remuneration Committee The ISS Global Executive Group Management has an established Remuneration Committee. The Committee assists in preparing the Remuneration Policy, including the overall guidelines on incentive pay of the Group. This cascades through to Country Management and each country sets up a local procedure that complies with relevant laws. In the UK, remuneration for the Executive Management Board, including bonus schemes, is set by the Group Remuneration Committee and any payments are approved accordingly. Within the ISS UK Group there is an established Remuneration Committee consisting of the CEO, the CFO and the Director of People and Culture, to review and approve any principle or payment outside of the ISS redundancy policy and together with the Executive Management Board the annual pay increases, although these ultimately are subject to ISS Group scrutiny and approval. The ISS UK Group operates in the facilities management sector and employ over 32,000 staff within UK&I who are predominantly based at client sites providing a range of core services such as cleaning, managing front of house, security and catering etc. As such, the success of the company is dependent upon its place-makers. The company has minimum wage obligations as well as pressure for a range of 'living wage' levels, and the company's ability to win and retain business is dependent upon the levels of wages that customers are prepared to pay. Wherever it can, with customer support, the company pays above minimum wage. The company considers market practice when deciding middle and senior management remuneration. By treating people with respect and offering future career progression for those who seek this, the company aims to retain employees and their skills and experience for longer, enabling the company to achieve its·strategy. As part of the overall annual review of remuneration for senior executives, the UK Director of People and Culture provides the Chief Executive Officer with an overview of the general approach being taken to remuneration for the wider workforce. The review encompasses the workforce remuneration and the approach to salary reviews across the business. ISS are committed to ensuring the salary scales are proportionate to roles and responsibilities. All Board Member appointments are approved by the ISS Group via a 'grandparenting'. method of oversight. As outlined in the Stakeholder Tab section, we engage with our staff by various means and we continuously strive to engage at all levels. 2021 continued to be an unusual year with factors such as Brexit and the Global Pandemic. The UK labour market has become increasingly challenging in the business sectors ISS operates in. Several initiatives were carried out throughout the year to support the operations in meeting requirements. Senior Incentives To drive delivery of short and long-term financial results, retention of leaders and alignment to shareholder value creation, the ISS Group has implemented two types of share-based incentive programmes: •along-term incentive programme (LTIP) • a special incentive programme (SIP) Under the LTIP, which has been in place since 2014, performance share units (PSUs) are granted annually to plan participants consisting of around 120-150 Global senior leaders. Each PSU entitles the holder to receive one share at no cost after three years, subject to achievement of certain EPS and TSR performance criteria. The UK leadership team are full members of the LTIP Group Scheme.    Compliance to the Principle: At present the UK Executive Remuneration framework is not sufficiently developed to meet the requirements of the principle due to the lack of formalised and documented procedures and terms of reference. However, the formal committee has been established as part of the enhancement of the UK Governance Framework. This is mitigated by the oversight of the Executive Group Board. However, ISS Mediclean Limited recognises the need to further enhance the framework to ensure it is independently robust. As mentioned, the market has not had a suitable norm for comparative information, however, with a more stable outlook, with the appointment of the new CEO and the overall Group strategy, the ISS UK Group will aim to develop the framework to incorporate the available information and to formally document remuneration decisions. With ISS Group collaboration, we ensure that a suitable strategy for pay and reward is included in the ISS long term objectives. Stakeholder Relationships and Engagement Wates Principle 6: A Board has a responsibility to oversee meaningful engagement with material stakeholders, including the workforce, and have regard to that discussion when taking decisions. The Board has a responsibility to foster good relationships based on the company's purpose. (Detailed in the stakeholder table). Compliance to the Principle: Key stakeholder engagement and significant decisions made are detailed in the section 172 Stakeholder Table.
