   Statement of Corporate Governance Arrangement For the year ended 31 March 2022, under the Companies (Miscellaneous Reporting) Regulations 2018, the company has continued to apply and enhance on the Wates Corporate Governance Principles for Large Private Companies ('Wates Principles') (published by the Financial Reporting Council ('FRC') in December 2018 and are available on the FRC website). The company has applied the Wates principles as an appropriate framework when making a disclosure regarding corporate governance arrangements. The company's reporting against the Wates principles has been included below. The company remains committed to ensuring effective governance is in place to deliver its core values, as this is the foundation on which it manages and controls its business and provides the platform for sustainable profitability. Section 172 Companies Act 2006 The Wates Corporate Governance Principles for Large Private Companies provides a framework for the company to not only demonstrate how the Board makes decisions for the long-term success of the company and its stakeholders, but also having regard to how the Board ensures the company complies with the requirements of Section 172 (1)(a) to (f) of the Companies Act 2006. The Jaguar Land Rover Board provides supervision and guidance to our management, particularly with respect to corporate governance, business strategies and growth plans. It also considers the identification of risks and their mitigation strategies, entry into new businesses, product launches, demand fulfilment and capital expenditure requirements, as well as the review of our business plans and targets. Examples of actions taken by the Board are: Reviewing and making decisions concerning operational planning associated with the latest five-year business plan of Jaguar Land Rover and evaluating the performance against budget and forecast. The Board is also responsible for overseeing the implementation of appropriate risk assessment processes and controls to identify, manage and mitigate the principal risks to the company. This includes the review, approval and communication of the risk management policy and framework. Our reporting against the Wates Principles for Jaguar Land Rover Automotive pie has been included below in these financial statements as the directors of Jaguar Land Rover Limited consider the key decisions made are consistent with those included within Jaguar Land Rover Automotive pie accounts. The details on how Section 172 of the Companies Act 2006 has been addressed is summarised as follows: a) The likely consequences of any decision in the long term The Board annually approves the five-year business plan and monitors its implementation throughout the year. External factors are also considered such as economic, political and ongoing challenges within the market as part of the five-year business plan to ensure both financial and operating strategy is set at sustaining and achieving the long-term success of the company. To further enhance and support the long term strategy, the company entered into a number of debt funding arrangements during the financial year. b) The interests of the company's employees The Directors understand the importance of the company's employees to the long-term success of the business. The company regularly communicates to its employees through presentations, internal group-wide emails and newsletters. A pulse survey undertaken annually allows employees to formally provide feedback to further support the long-term plans of the company. Learning and development continues to be an important area of support to employees through both training days and e-learning modules. Internal networks to support wellbeing have been created to provide and create communities to discuss and share support on mental health, general wellbeing and advice on the coronavirus outbreak. We proudly support the growing number of active diversity and inclusion employee-led networks both in the UK and Overseas. These include Pride, REACH, Armed Forces, Gender Equality, Shine, Disability and a number of religious groups.    c) The need to foster the company's business relationships with suppliers, customers and others The Directors understand the importance of the company's supply chain in delivering the long-term plans of the company. The company's principal risks and uncertainties set out risks that can impact the long-term success of the company and how these risks interact with our stakeholders. Our suppliers of production and non-production goods and services play an integral role in our business and help us to operate globally. The company has key objectives and principles which are set out clearly in the Global Supplier Management policy. Ensuring this policy is followed to achieve consistent and best practice in our relationships with our suppliers, in addition to ensuring ethical behaviour, sustainability and health and safety is considered critical to the success of our business relationships. The Directors monitor the company's engagement with their customers through the use of various Customer Experience Insight tools which helps collate feedback from time of vehicle purchase onwards. This process is run internally and enables both the company and retailers globally to help improve customer engagement. Other regular customer feedback mechanisms exist through a variety of syndicated surveys to provide and offer external and independent feedback. The Directors actively seek information on the interaction with stakeholders and employees to ensure that they have sufficient information to reach appropriate conclusions about the risks faced by the company. d) The impact of the company's operations on the community and environment Further information on the company'_sinitiatives and commitment to the environment and society can be found in the Strategic Report on page 8. e) The desirability of the company maintaining a reputation for high standards of business conduct We are committed to fostering a more diverse, inclusive and unified culture that is representative of our customers and the society in which we live; a culture where every one of our employees can bring their authentic self to work and feel empowered to reach their full potential. We have identified three strategic pillars to achieve our goal, which will shape our global D+I activity over the next five years: • Shape a culture of unity, belonging, inclusion and respect through increased engagement with our people; • Implement progressive policies, practices, benefits and support to attract and retain a diverse talent pool along with analysing our attrition rates and developing a retention strategy; and • Engage our employees and experts to accelerate progress through working with our designated diversity partnerships. The Board has also approved the company's policies on anti-slavery and human trafficking and anti-bribery and corruption in addition to the gender pay gap report which is issued annually. These can all be found on the Jaguar Land Rover Automotive pie website. f) The need to act fairly as between members of the company The group is owned by Tata Motors Limited ("TML") and collectively are committed to continuing to build future growth through new models through a roadmap that provides a clear direction for the business and our two brands. There is close collaboration and knowledge-sharing with Tata Group companies to enhance sustainability and reduce emissions as well as sharing best practice in next-generation technology, data and software development leadership. Wates principle 1 - Purpose and leadership The Board of Directors of the company rigorously challenges strategy, performance, responsibility and accountability so that every decision made is of the highest quality. The Board of Directors actively ensures through committee meetings of the Jaguar Land Rover Automotive pie Group and careful consideration of all economic, geopolitical and environmental factors that the appropriate strategy and decisions are made.    Statement of Corporate Governance Arrangement (continued) Wates principle 2 - Board composition The company regularly evaluate the balance of skills, experience, knowledge and independence of the directors. The size and composition of the Board is considered to be appropriate with all members contributing to a wide variety of experience. Wates principle 3 - Director responsibilities Effective risk management is central to achieving the company's strategic objectives and is a core responsibility of the Board of Directors. The governance structure of the Jaguar Land Rover Automotive pie Group, of which the company is a subsidiary, ensures good governance is achieved through effective committees tackling core areas of focus for the group and its subsidiaries on a regular basis. Details of the committees and governance structures of the group are contained on pages 46 to 49 in the Jaguar Land Rover Automotive pie annual report for the year ended 31 March 2022. Wates principle 4 - Opportunity and risk The Board of Directors have oversight of the identification and mitigation of risks for the company and in the context of the company as a subsidiary of the Jaguar Land Rover Automotive pie Group. The principal risks of the company are set out in the Strategic Report on page 9. Wates principle 5 - Remuneration The Nominations and Remuneration Committee of the Jaguar Land Rover Automotive pie Group ensures that appropriate senior management is recruited to deliver on the group's objectives. The Nominations and Remuneration Committee has clearly defined Terms of Reference and is responsible for remuneration strategy, recruitment and long-term incentive plans for senior executives. The composition and role of the Remuneration Committee and policies are included in the Jaguar Land Rover Automotive pie Annual Report for the year ended 31 March 2022. Wates principle 6 - Stakeholder relationship and engagement The Jaguar Land Rover Automotive pie Board continues to promote accountability and transparency with all stakeholders and shareholders and effectively communicates the company's strategic direction. Interaction and communication with customers and suppliers are set out in the Strategic Report on page 11. Maintaining strong relationships with shareholder and bond investors is crucial to achieving the company's aims.
