   INTRODUCTION GOVERNANCE TO The Group remains committed to ensuring effective governance is in place to deliver its core values, as this is the foundation on which it manages and controls its business and provides the platform for sustainable profitability. STATEMENT OF CORPORATE GOVERNANCE ARRANGEMENT For the year ended 31 March 2022, under the Companies (Miscellaneous Reporting) Regulations 2018, Jaguar Land Rover Automotive pie (the "Company") and its subsidiaries (collectively referred to as the "Group") has continued to apply the Wates Corporate Governance Principles for Large Private Companies ('Wates Principles') (published by the Financial Reporting Council ('FRC') in December 2019 and are available on the FRCwebsite). The following section summarises how the Group has applied the principles over the past year. The Group's website contains further supporting information on the Wates Principles. SECTION 172 DECISIONS SECTION 172 COMPANIES ACT 2006 Wates Principles provides a framework for the Group to not only demonstrate how the board of Directors of Jaguar Land Rover Automotive pie (the 'Board' / '.JLRpie Board') makes decisions for the long term success of the company and its stakeholders (see Principle 6 - Stakeholders, on page 51), but also having regard to how the Board ensures the Group complies with the requirements of Section 172 (l)(a) to (f) of the Companies Act 2006. Our reporting against the Wates Principles has been included below. During 2022, the Board Members have welcomed new Directors who collectively are continuing to review, challenge and strive towards changes to implement and demonstrate the Group's improving engagement with its employees and stakeholders. a) the likely consequences of any decision in the long term b) the interests of the company's employees The Board annually approves the five-year plan and monitors its implementation throughout the year. External factors are also considered such as economic, political and ongoing challenges within the market as a part of the five-year plan to ensure both financial and operating strategy is set at sustaining and achieving the long term success of the Group. To further enhance and support the long term strategy, the Group entered into a number of debt funding arrangements during the financial year. See page 35 At Jaguar Land Rover,we are passionate about our people. They are at the heart of our business. We are committed to fostering a diverse, inclusive culture that is representative of the society in which we live; a culture in which every one of our employees can bring their authentic self to work and reach their full potential. We aim to as part of a five-year plan: •shape a culture of unity, belonging, inclusion and respect; •implement progressive policies, benefits and support; and •engage our employees to accelerate our progress. The Directors understand the importance of the Group's employees to the long-term success of the business. The Group regularly communicates to its employees through presentations, internal group-wide emails and newsletters. A pulse survey undertaken annually allows employees to formally provide feedback to further support the long term plans of the Group in addition to informal feedback sessions held during the year with various Executive Directors. Learning and development continues to be an important area of support to employees through both training days and e-learning modules. Internal networks to support wellbeing have been created to provide and create communities to discuss and share support on mental health, general wellbeing and advice on the coronavirus outbreak. We proudly support the growing number of active diversity and inclusion employee-led networks both in the UK and Overseas. These include Pride, REACH,Armed Forces,Gender Equality, Shine, Disability and a number of religious groups. See page 25    SECTION 172 DECISIONS • c) the need to foster the company's business relationships with suppliers, customers and others d) the impact of the company's operations on the community and environment e) The desirability of the company maintaining a reputation for high standards of business conduct f) The need to act fairly as between members of the company The Directors understand the importance of the Group's supply chain in delivering the long-term plans of the Group. The Group's principal risks and uncertainties set out risks that can impact the long-term success of the Group and how these risks interact with our stakeholders. Our suppliers of production and non-production goods and services play an integral role in our business and help us to operate globally. For example, we have engaged in str.=i.tegirdiscussions with key component supplicr:3 o.ndchip producers to secure long-term supply r1grPPmPntsfor f11tureproduct programmes, to increase our resilience. The Group has key objectives and principles which are set out clearly in the Global Supplier Management policy. Ensuring this policy is followed to achieve consistent and best practice in our relationships with our suppliers, in addition to ensuring ethical behaviour, sustainability and health and safety is considered critical to the success of our business relationships. The Directors monitor the Group's engagement with their customers through the use of various Customer Experience Insight tools which helps collate feedback from time of vehicle purchase onwards. This process is run internally and enables both the Group and Retailers globally to help improve customer engagement. Other regular customer feedback mechanisms exists through a variety of syndicated surveys to provide and offer external and independent feedback. The Directors actively seek information on the interaction with stakeholders and employees to ensure that they have sufficient information to reach appropriate conclusions about the risks faced by the Group. Further information on the Group's initiatives and commitment to the environment and society can be found from page 20. See page 20 At Jaguar Land Rover we are passionate about our people. We are committed to fostering a more diverse, inclusive and unified culture that is representative of our customers and the society in which we live; a culture where every one of our employees can bring their authentic self to work and feel empowered to reach their full potential. We have identified three strategic pillars to achieve our goal, which will shape our global D+I activity over the next five years: - Shape a culture of unity, belonging, inclusion and respect - Implement progressive policies, practices, benefits and support - Engage our employees and experts to accelerate progress Collaborate with our networks, The Board has also approved the Group's policies on anti-slavery and human trafficking and anti-bribery and corruption in addition to the gender pay gap report which is issued annually. All can be found on the Group's website. The Group is owned by Tata Motors Limited ("TML'.')and collectively are committed to continuing to build future growth through new models through a roadmap that provides a clear direction for the business and our two brands. There is close collaboration and knowledge-sharing with Tata Group companies to enhance sustainability and reduce emissions as well as sharing best practice in next-generation technology, data and software development leadership.    WATES PRINCIPLE 1 - PURPOSE AND LEADERSHIP The board of Directors of Jaguar Land Rover Automotive plc the 'Board' rigorously challenges strategy, performance, responsibility and accountability so that every decision made is of the highest quality. The Board actively ensures through committee meetings and careful consideration of all economic, geopolitical and environmental factors that the appropriate strategy and decisions are made. The Board has built and strengthened the Group's strategic vision through the Reimagine strategy and Refocus programme discussed from page 10. Maximum no. of Principal Board Meetings director could attend NAME OF DIRECTOR The Board continues to proactively consider the impact to the Business as a response to a variety of factors such as the Covid pandemic, and global shortage of semiconductor computer chips. All factors are considered and discussed carefully whilst considering demand and impact on business plan. This Corporate Governance Report includes further information about the Board, areas of focus for the Board, and the structure and role of its committees. Details of individual directors' attendance of Board meetings in 2022 are shown in the following table: No. of Principal Board Meetings director attended Percentage of Principal Board Meetings attended Chief Executive Officer and Executive Director Thierry Bollonf! 7 7 100% Non-Executive Director Natarajan Chandrasekaran (Chairman) Pathamadai Balaji Nasser Mukhtar Munjee Charles Nichols' Al-Noor Ramji' Andrew Robb Hanne Sorensen Prof. Sir Ralf Speth (Vice Chairman) 7 7 7 7 100% 7 100% 7 100% 1 1 1 1 100% 100% 7 7 7 7 7 7 100% 100% 100% • Appointed 24 January 2022 WATES PRINCIPLE 2 - BOARD COMPOSITION We continuously evaluate the balance of skills, experience, knowledge and independence of the Group'sdirectors. The Board comprises a separate Chairman and Chief Executive Officer to ensure that the balance of responsibilities, accountabilities and decision making across the Group are effectively maintained. The size and composition of the Board is considered to be appropriate with all members contributing to a wide variety of experience. The Board continues to work on creating a more diverse board of directors and recognises this as a challenge in the automotive sector. There are strategies in place which encourage diversity throughout the workplace with opportunities for employees to progress to senior levels. Further there have been two new additions to the board during FY22.    LEADERSHIP JAGUAR LAND ROVER AUTOMOTIVE PLC BOARD NATARAJAN CHANDRASEKARAN NON-EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR AND CHAIRMAN Appointed February 2017 NASSER MUKHTAR MUNJEE NON-EXECUTIVE INDEPENDENT DIRECTOR Appointed February 2012 ANDREW M. ROBB NON-EXECUTIVE INDEPENDENT DIRECTOR Appointed April 2009 THIERRY BOLLORE CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER Appointed September 2020 PATHAMADAI BALACHANDRAN NON-EXECUTIVE BALAJI DIRECTOR Appointed December 2017 CHARLES NICHOLS NON-EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR Appointed January 2022 HANNE SORENSEN NON-EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR Appointed August 2018 AL-NOOR RAMJI NON-EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR Appointed January 2022 SIR KBE NON-EXECUTIVE PROF RALF D SPETH FREng FRS VICE CHAIRMAN Appointed September 2020    AGUAR LAND ROVER LIMITED BOARD OF DIRECTORS THIERRY BOLLORE CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER FRANC,OIS DOSSA EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR, STRATEGY & SUSTAINABILITY ADRIAN MARDELL CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER QING PAN PRESIDENT, JAGUAR LAND CHINA ROVER Starting July 2022 EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR, IN DU ST R JAL O PER ATIOI~ S NIGEL BLENKINSOP EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR, COMPANY QUALITY AND CUSTOMER SATISFACTION LENNARD HOORNIK CHIEF COMMERCIAL OFFICER PROFESSOR GERRY McGOVERN CHIEF CREATIVE OFFICER OBE HANNE SORENSEN NON-EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR NICK COLLINS EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR, VEHICLE PROGRAMMES HANNO KIRNER EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR, TATA GROUP SYNERGY PROGRAMMES THOMAS MULLER EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR OF PRODUCT ENGINEERING' DAVE WILLIAMS EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR, HUMAN RESOURCES 1 Appointed April 2022 A biography for each Executive Director can be found by clicking the pictures above, or by visiting our Qm.t.JJt:;i..w.eb,ir.~.    Uve risk 1n&1dge111e11Liscentral Lu dd 1ievi11gthe Group's strategic objectives and is a core responsibility of the JLn pie Board and its committees. In this section, you will frnd information about the responsibilities and focus of the JLR pie Board and the Audit, Remuneration and Disclosure Committees. Good governance is achieved through effective committees tackling core areas of focus on a regular basis. See page 48 for further information. In this section, you will frnd information about th~ induction and development of directors across the Group, as well as the key considerations when measuring the effectiveness of the JLR pie Board and its committees. AUDIT COMMITTEE Reviews the integrity of the financial statements, relationship with the external auditors and effectiveness of internal financial controls. For more information see page 48 JLR PLC BOARD The JLR pie Board provides supeNision and guidance to the Group's management, particularly with respect to corporate governance, business strategies and growth plans. It also considers the identification of risks and their mitigation strategies, entry into new businesses,product launches, demand fulfilment and capital expenditure requirements, as well as the review of business plans and targets. For more information see page 48 NOMINATIONS & REMUNERATION COMMITTEE Determines the overall remuneration policy and strategy to ensure transparency and alignment with the Group's short and long-term strategic goals. For more information see page 50 JAGUAR LAND ROVER LIMITED BOARD OF DIRECTORS The work of the Board of Directors complements, enhances and supports the work of the JLR pie Board, with the Board of Directors operating under the direction and authority of the Chief Executive Officer to support in the execution of the Group's strategy, including evaluating the Group's performance against budget and forecast. The Board of Directors is also responsible for overseeing the implementation of appropriate risk assessment processes and controls to identify, manage and mitigate the principal risks to the Group, and in doing so, provide support to the boards of directors of other Group companies. COMPLIANCE COMMITTEE Provides oversight of Jaguar Land Rover's management to review and assess its various compliance risks. Oversees and assesses appropriateness of the adequacy, effectiveness and maturity of the many compliance programmes. DISCLOSURE COMMITTEE Supports the Jaguar Land Rover pie Board and Audit Committee in reviewing and approving the final form of quarterly and annual statements relating to the performance of the Group. For more information see page 49 OTHER EXAMPLES OF MANAGEMENT COMMITTEES: Risk Management Committee Product Committee Health and Safety Committee Security Committee Unusual Events Committee Financial Risk and Assurance Committee Financial Risk Committee THE KEY MATTERS CONSIDERED BY THE JLR PLC BOARD DURING FY2021/22 ACTIONS PROGRESS TOPIC / ACTIVITY INCLUDED: STRATEGY Review of the business and operating model Analysed the automotive industry trends and retail outlook and assessed the potential impact on the Group Reviewed the Group's performance against its competitors There has been a focus by the Board to transition through Reimagine to focus on critical areas of the Group's operational strategy and wider environmental impact. Decarbonising the supply chain function to ensure a new working approach has led to greater focus on digitisation as well as building resilience and sustainability within the Group'soperations. This work has included our response to the semiconductor crisis. We continue to launch new and refreshed products, including the launch of the long wheel-base Range Rover Evoque and refreshed long-wheel base Jaguar XFL from the China joint venture, Chery Jaguar Land Rover.The company continues to increase the electrification of its models with 12 of 13 nameplates having an electrified option. Economic and geopolit,cil.l fil.ctors hil.ve beeh assessed in detail rntlud,ng the impil.ct of the Ukraine conflict. Inflationary pressures have increased during the financial year through increasing prices of commodities and high volatility in gas prices. The Board recognises the complex inter-relationship o    STRATEGY Monitoring opportunities for acquisitions and new revenue streams Supported continued investment to promote sustainable business growth over the long term Used cash to implement ongoing programmes to support business growth Reviewed and approved, where appropriate, the business cases for internally developed future business Reimagine strategy which was introduced during FY2021/22 to achieve net zero carbon emissions by 2039 through electrification of both the Land Rover and Jaguar brands, continues to make progress and has strengthened its structure and capability with a number of new executive appointments on the Board as well as new partnerships such as with NVIDIA to jointly develop and deliver next-generation automated driving systems. This has further been bolstered by Refocus which further drives quality, financial growth, sustainability and digitalisation. Discussion of the Group's • capital structure and financial strategy Considered and approved the Group's debt funding arrangements Reviewed a number of opportunities in the fiscal year The Refocus transformation programme aimed to achieve £ 1 billion of value in FY2021/22. VTD the Group has achieved £1.5 billion. Issuance of $500m Senior Notes due July 2029 at a coupon of 5.5 per cent per annum Issuance of €500m Senior Notes due July 2028 at a coupon of 4.5 per cent per annum Addition of £80m to existing RCFfacility increasing to £2.015bn Addition of £190m to RCFextension (now £1.5bn) Addition of new £625m amortising 5-year loan 80 per cent guaranteed by UK Export Finance and syndicated to 12 banks. RISK MANAGEMENT AND INTERNAL CONTROL Review the Group's principal risks and the effectiveness of internal control systems and risk management Clearly articulated the Group's approach to risk Reviewed and updated approach to identify and manage principal risks Continuing assessment of significant and emerging risks, including geopolitical uncertainty and the impact of Brexit Agreed Group-level risks and a robust set of mitigating activities, which are regularly monitored Further developed the Group's approach to risk Considered movements in key risks resulting from changes to likelihood or business impact LEADERSHIP AND PEOPLE Review composition of the JLR plc Board and its committees Discussed the composition of the JLR pie Board and its committees, including succession planning The Board of Management and Senior Director's Forum is in place and continually monitored Review the development of people and talent in the Group, including succession planning for senior roles Ongoing commitment to maintaining a balance of appropriate skills and experience among the Board of Management and associated committees Due to the strength of succession planning built into the business, recent changes surrounding Board positions has been appropriately addressed Discuss the results of the employee engagement survey and devise strategic actions arising from it Conducted a thorough review of Pulse surveys to identify areas for improvement Encouraged interaction between employees across the Group Continued focus on engagement and development of employees through offering a wide range of training courses The Group has recently introduced gender targets to focus attention on increasing representation of females in the business. By 2026, the aim is globally to achieve at least 30 ·per cent of all senior leadership positions held by females. GOVERNANCE, STAKEHOLDERS AND SHAREHOLDERS Review the Group's purpose, goal, vision and values Considered sustainability: including the Group's impact on the community and the environment Monitored and addressed regular Health and Safety updates Reviewed developments in corporate governance and considered key legal and regulatory updates Encourage strong engagement with investors and stakeholders Actively supported engagement opportunities Regularly reviewed and acted upon feedback from key stakeholders Ongoing discussions at all levels of the business with shareholders Engagement with other stakeholders based on feedback FINANCIAL PERFORMANCE 1 Assessment of the Group's financial performance Evaluated the Group's performance against budget and forecast Reviewed the quarterly and annual results and associated presentations to investors Reviewed and approved the latest five-year business plan for the Group Approved the Annual Report    EFFECTIVENESS THE JAGUAR LAND ROVER AUTOMOTIVE PLC BOARD The Jaguar Land Rover Automotive PLC Board will continue to consider the core areas described previously, but in particular will focus on: • Continued development of the Group's product pipeline through Reimagine and Refocus to provide all nameplates in electric form by end of the decade, thereby seeking to capitalise on segment growth; •Shortage of semiconductor chips which have during the year constrained sales though strong demand remains for vehicles; • Ongoing aim to achieve zero carbon emissions across supply chains, products and operations; - Closer collaboration with the Tata Group to share best practice in next-generation technology, data and software development; and - To become a more agile business with a simplified manufacturing operation • Consideration of the evolving economic, political and market conditions; • Developing people and the workforce of tomorrow; and • Ongoing review and monitoring of external risk factors, considering their impact on the future of the Group in light of upcoming changes in both the political and economic environment. HOW WE DIVIDE UP OUR RESPONSBIILITIES Chairman of the JLR pie Board Responsible for leading the JLR pie Board, its effectiveness and governance. Also sets the agenda to take full account of the issues and concerns of the directors and ensures effective links between external stakeholders, the JLR pie Board and management. Non-executive directors Constructively challenge the Chief Executive Officer and monitor the delivery of the Group's strategy within the risk and controls environment set by the JLR pie Board. Chief Executive Officer Responsible for the day-to-day leadership, management and control of the Group, recommending the Group strategy to the JLR pie Board, and implementing the Group's strategy and decisions of the JLR pie Board. INDUCTION, DEVELOPMENT AND SUPPORT All new directors receive a full, formal and tailored induction upon joining the JLR pie Board. The JLR pie Board calendar is also planned to enable directors to visit the increasing number of Jaguar Land Rover geographic locations. Directors are briefed on a wide range of topics throughout the year. These topics range from those with particular relevance to the business of the Group, such as global automotive demand, to more general matters such as developments in corporate governance. We recognise that our directors have a range of experience, and so we encourage them to attend external seminars and briefings that will assist them individually. EVALUATION The JLR pie Board continuously assesses its effectiveness in the following areas: • The flow and quality of information to and from the JLR pie Board to ensure effective communication; • Decision-making process and culture; and • The outcome and impact of decisions made by the JLR pie Board. The JLR pie Board and Audit Committee also provide direct feedback to management committees during the year. COMMITTEES SUPPORTING ACCOUNTABILITY AUDIT COMMITTEE Composition of the Audit Committee Andrew Robb,Chairman Nasser Munjee P.B. Balaji Hanne Sorensen Charles Nichols (from 18 March 2022) Role of the Audit Committee • Monitors the integrity of the financial statements, including the review of significant financial reporting issues and judgements alongside the findings of the external auditor. • Oversees the relationship with the external auditor, external audit process, nature and scope of the external audit and the appointment, effectiveness, independence and fees of the external auditor. • Monitors and reviews the effectiveness of Corporate Audit, ensuring coordination with the activities of the external auditor. • Reviews the effectiveness of the Group's systems for internal financial control, f1no.ncialreporting and risk management.    MAIN ACTIVITIES OF THE AUDIT COMMITTEE DURING THE YEAR Financial reporting During the year, the Audit Committee met with the external auditor and management as part of the FY2021/22 annual and quarterly reporting approval process a total of five times. The Audit Committee reviewed the draft financial statements and considered a number of supporting papers. This included reviewing information presented by management on significant accounting judgements to ensure all issues raised were properly dealt with; reviewing presentation and disclosure of material to ensure adequacy, clarity and completeness; reviewing the documentation prepared to support the going concern statement given on page 54; and reviewing external audit reports. The key matters considered in the year were: going concern, impairment of long life assets, capitalisation of product development assets, valuation of defined benefit plan obligations, cut off of new vehicle revenue recognition for UK and US components and management override of controls. Internal controls The Audit Committee reviewed the effectiveness of financial reporting, internal control over financial reporting and risk management procedures within the Group, with particular regard given to compliance with the provisions of section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act and other relevant regulations. The reviews also considered any potential material weaknesses or significant deficiencies in the design or operation of the Group's internal control over financial reporting, which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the Group's ability to record, process and report financial data, including that of systems controls. The Audit Committee received reports from the external auditor, Business Assurance and Corporate Audit with respect to these matters. External Audit The Audit Committee reviewed the significant audit issues affecting the Group with the external auditor and how they have been addressed in the financial statements. The Audit Committee also evaluated the external auditor by reviewing the firm's independence, its internal quality control procedures and any material issues raised by the most recent quality control or peer review of audit firms. This included the findings of any enquiry or investigation carried out by government or professional bodies with respect to one or more independent audits performed by the external auditor within the last five years. KPMG, the external auditors, have completed their fifth year in post. Section 139(2) of the Indian Companies Act, 2013, mandates that all listed companies rotate their auditors once the auditor has served as an auditor for a P,eriodof 10 or more consecutive years. Under these regulations, the Group will be required to retender the audit by no later than 2027 and the Committee will keep the external auditor tender under review and act in accordance with any changes in regulations and best practice relating to the tenure of the external auditor. To help safeguard KPMG's objectivity, independence and effectiveness, the Group has a non-audit services policy which sets out the circumstances and financial limits within which the external auditor may be permitted to provide certain non-audit services. This policy sets a presumption that KPMG should only be engaged for non-audit services where there is an obvious and compelling reason to do so (for example, their skills and experience or ability to provide the services) and provided such work does not impair their independence or objectivity and has no impact on the audited financial statements. It prohibits KPMG from providing certain services, including legal, valuation, actuarial and internal audit. The Audit Committee approves all non-audit services before they are performed. Non-audit fees paid to KPMG in the year totalled £1.1 million (2021: £1.2 million), representing 20 per cent of the fees paid for audit and audit-related assurance services. Corporate Audit During the year, the Audit Committee reviewed the adequacy of the Corporate Audit function, the Corporate Audit charter, staffing and seniority of the official heading the function, reporting structure, budget, coverage and the frequency of corporate audits, the structure of Corporate Audit and approval of the audit plan. DISCLOSURE COMMITTEE Composition of the Disclosure Committee: Chief Financial Officer and his direct reports Matters considered during the year • Reviewed and updated the terms of reference of the Disclosure Committee • Reviewed the audit and control findings from the external auditor • Reviewed areas of key management judgement and significant transactions, including their presentation and disclosure in both the quarterly and annual financial statements • Reviewed new disclosures in both the quarterly and annual financial statements for appropriateness • Considered the impact of new accounting standards on the Group    ACCOUNTABILITY WATES PRINCIPLE 4 - OPPORTUNITY AND RISK In addition to the matters referred to throughout this report on risk management, please also refer to page 36 which includes a list of all emerging and principal risks including mitigations relevant to the Group. See pages 37 for assessment and categorisation of principal risks and actions to mitigate. WATES PRINCIPLE 5 - REMUNERATION In accordance with Wates Principle 5, the Nominations and Remuneration Committee of Jaguar Land Rover Automotive plc Board ensures that appropriate senior management is recruited to deliver on the Group's objectives. The Nominations and Remuneration Committee has clearly defined Terms of Reference and is responsible for remuneration strategy, recruitment and long term incentive plans for senior executives. NOMINATIONS AND REMUNERATION COMMITTEE Composition of the Nominations and Remuneration Committee: Andrew Robb, Chairman Natarajan Chandrasekaran Hanne Sorensen In addition to the Committee members, the Chief Executive Officer is invited to attend meetings, except where there is a conflict of interest. The Nominations and Remuneration Committee is supported by the Executive Director, Human Resources and the HR Director, Global Reward & Mobility. Role of the Nominations and Remuneration Committee The Nominations and Remuneration Committee (NRC) is responsible for the structure, appointments, removals, succession, performance and compensation of the Jaguar Land Rover Automotive pie Board and the Jaguar Land Rover Management Board. The Committee's involvement in all aspects of nominations and remuneration ensures that all decisions in terms of Board appointments are made in a fair, equal and balanced way. During FY2021/22 the Committee has continued to support the reconfiguration of Jaguar Land Rover Limited's Executive Board. This saw Jaguar Land Rover announce four departures of previous Board members and make two new appointments during the course of the financial year with further new Board Members to join during 2022. Remuneration policy The remuneration policy is designed to attract, retain and motivate executives of the highest quality, encouraging them to deliver exceptional business performance aligned to Jaguar Land Rover's strategy and the objective of delivering long-term sustainable growth. Its structure and individual remuneration elements align with the design of the Company's remuneration policy for the wider organisation. Any decisions the Nominations and Remuneration Committee makes in relation to executive remuneration will be made with clear understanding of the developments to pay and conditions for the wider workforce. Executive remuneration consists of: Fixed elements: • Salary. Designed to recruit and retain individuals with the necessary knowledge, skills and experience to deliver the Group's strategic objectives. Salary is reviewed annually and benchmarked against comparable roles in appropriate comparator groups. • Retirement benefits. The Group has a number of defined benefit pension schemes that are closed to new employees. Executives who are members of these schemes will continue to accrue benefits, but most executives now elect to receive a cash allowance in lieu of retirement benefits. • Other benefits. Executives are eligible to participate in the Group's management car programme, medical arrangements, and life insurance and disability plans. Performance-related elements: • The Global Bonus Plan is an annual bonus plan which focusses on the Company's key operational priorities. It rewards achievement of short-term financial and operational objectives. The challenging business environment and semiconductor shortages experienced during the year meant that previously agreed metrics had become irrelevant. In recognition of the shift in the operational context and consequent business priorities for the second half of the financial year, the NRC took the unusual decision to amend some of the bonus metrics for the second half of the year. The financial and retail metrics were replaced by metrics aligned to the key priorities supporting JLR in stabilising the business, setting the Company up for a fast recovery and securing future profits. The customer satisfaction metric remained a bonus scheme metric for the entire financial year. This change in metrics has allowed JLR to keep employees motivated during the challenging year; encouraging employee retention and rewarding employees for the actions delivered to strengthen the Company's future. • The Strategic Bonus Plan replaced the Company's previous long-term incentive scheme in the FY2021/22. The previous plan design of setting metrics three years in advance of vesting proved unrealistic and inflexible in the changing market conditions and was not effective in focusing senior leaders on the strategic drivers for long term sustainability and success. The NRC approved the introduction of this new bonus scheme last year, which rewards the progress and transformation necessary to achieve the Company's strategic targets. The metrics are set annually c1gc1i11~Ld longer-tern, glidepath which ensures that they cc111IJe c1djusted Lo evolving prio1·ities and external conditions whilst also ensuring good governance and accountability for long-term improvements. The plan metrics focus on Financial Health, Brand Health, Digitalisation and Sustainability and reward the collaborative effort and steps senior leadership make towards implementing the Reimagine strategy and delivering results.    EXECUTIVE REMUNERATION 2021/22 There is linkage between Jaguar Land Rover business strategy and the performance related elements of remuneration. The graphics show the change in the Global Bonus metrics for the second half of the financial year. 10% 20% 2S% 10/ BONUS MEASURES F1r~Halfof the Year BONUS PERFORMANCE MEASURES Second Half of the Year STRATEGICBONUS 2S% , 2S% 2S% ~.. 2S% D Customer Satisfaction D Customer Satisfaction Production Volume (Stabilise) ■ Variable Profit per Unit (Faster Recovery) Quality New Range Rover (Future Profit) Wholesale Volume New Range Rover (Future Profit) 0 D D D 0 D D Financial Health (Net Debt) □ EBIT Margin ■ CashAow D Retail Volume Brand Health (First Preference) Digitalisation (Financial Contribution of Digital Initiatives) Sustainability (Tailpipe Emissions) The overall objective is to deliver executive pay in line with a market median range for target performance, with enhanced reward opportunity to reflect exceptional business performance. Overall remuneration is balanced, with the majority linked to business performance. 32% ~-JS% S% Target Executive Remuneration Maximum Executive Remuneration \ \ 42% D 0 Base salary Benefits ■ Annual Bonus D Strategic Bonus D D Basesalary Benefits ■ Annual Bonus D Strategic Bonus WATES PRINCIPLE 6 - STAKEHOLDER RELATIONSHIPS AND ENGAGEMENT The Jaguar Land Rover Automotive pie Board continues to promote accountability and transparency with o.11stakeholders and shareholders and effectively communicates the Group's strategic direction. Brand and reputation including existing and future relationships with shareholders, customers, suppliers, employment interaction and communication with customers and suppliers are set out on. page 41. Maintaining strong relationships with shareholder and bond investors is crucial to achieving the Group's aims.    Jaguar Land Rover Automotive pie (and its subsidiaries) is a wholly owned subsidiary of Tata Motors Limited (held through TML Holdings Pte. Ltd. (Singapore)) and a significant majority of the Jaguar Land Rover Automotive pie Board also reside as directors on the board of Tata Motors Limited. Although we operate on a stand-alone, arm's length basis, we maintain an open and collaborative strategic relationship with Tata Motors Limited and plan to increase our collaboration in numerous areas going forward. BOND INVESTORS, LOAN AND OTHER CREDIT PROVIDERS As at 31 March 2022, we had approximately £4.7 billion of listed unsecured bonds outstanding (31 March 2021: £4.3 billion) and £2.3 billion of loans (31 March 2021: £1.8 billion). We maintain regular dialogue with our bond investors and relationship banks (some of whom provide support for loans and other credit facilities) through the quarterly publication of operational and financial results on the Group's website (www.jaguarlandrover. com) supported by live broadcasts. The investor relations team also attends various credit conferences held throughout the year and our annual capital markets day where investors, banks and other credit providers have the opportunity to meet with Jaguar Land Rover senior management in person to discuss the Company's strategy and aspirations. CREDIT RATING AGENCIES As at 31 March 2022, Jaguar Land Rover Automotive pie had a credit rating of B+ (stable outlook) from S&P and Bl (stable outlook) from Moody's.
