   Statement of corporate governance arrangements The Group and its significant subsidiaries have applied the Wates Corporate Governance Principles for Large Private Companies as follows: Principle 1: Purpose and Leadership The Group's purpose is well established. Group values have recently been refreshed and recommunicated across the entire group including recently acquired businesses to ensure a common purpose and approach for all people and processes. More detail around stakeholder engagement and strategy are set out on page 3. Principle 2: Board Composition The Board's composition is considered appropriate for the scale and complexity of the Group. It comprises two non executive directors representing the Company's principal external professional investors, a non executive chairman with significant industry experience who is also a significant shareholder, three executive directors and senior leadership team. The Board meets 11 times a year to discuss business strategy, operational and financial performance, risks and other relevant issues arising. Principle 3: Director responsibilities There are clear lines of accountability of director responsibilities to ensure effective decision making and appropriate governance processes. Beneath the main board is a Senior Leadership Team ~esponsible for the day to day delivery of corporate objectives. Principle 4: Opportunity and risk Details of opportunities and risks are set out on pages 2 and 3. Principle 5: Remuneration Details of directors' remuneration are set out in note 10. Remuneration of directors is aligned to the long term sustainable success of the group and regularly benchmarked. Principle 6: Stakeholder relationships and engagement Details are set on page 3. The board maintains dialogue with a wide variety of industry sector experts, via relationships with a variety of professional advisors, interaction with other respected operators in our chosen markets, and monitors legislative changes closely. The board has also recently strengthened employee engagement and representation with the appointment of a new group wide People and Culture Director. This report was approved by the board and signed on its behalf.
