   Corporate Governance Report For the year ended 31 December 2021, under The Companies (Miscellaneous Reporting) Regulations 2018, the Group has applied the Wates Corporate Governance Principles for Large Private Companies (published by the Financial Reporting Council ('FRC') in December 2018 and available on the FRC website). The Group continues to have a strong focus on Corporate Governance and seeks to comply with the Wates Principles where practical and possible. Principle 1 - Purpose and leadership With over 130 years of experience, KCA Deutag is one of the world's leading drilling, engineering and technology companies working onshore and offshore with a focus on safety, quality and operational performance. We operate approximately l 05 drilling rigs, either directly or on behalf of our customers, employing people in Africa, Europe, Russia, the Middle East, the Caspian Sea and Canada. Our aim is to be recognised as the world's most successful drilling, engineering and technology company through measurable performance improvement, delivering safe, effective and trouble-free operations. We have a guiding behavioural framework and six Core Values which define our purpose, goals and behaviours. This is reinforced with communication and training for employees on how they can contribute as well as the expected behaviours at differing levels within the Group. This builds on the Group's existing commitment to good governance and social responsibility. The Group promotes, amongst many other things, positive health, safety and wellbeing for all its staff; ethical business practices; working with local community initiatives; and a culture of environmental stewardship in all its activities. Principle 2 - Board Composition The Group has a separate Chairman and Chief Executive to ensure that the balance of responsibilities, accountabilities and decision making across the Group are effectively maintained. The Chairman plays a pivotal role in creating the conditions for overall Board and individual director effectiveness. The Directors have equal voting rights when making decisions, although certain matters are reserved for the Group's ultimate shareholders as defined in the investment agreement between the ultimate parent company and its shareholders. All Directors ha~e access to the advice and services of the Group General Counsel and may, if they wish, take professional advice at the Group's expense. Under the investment agreement, the Group's major shareholders are also able to appoint observers to attend Board meetings on their behalf. The KCA Deutag Alpha Limited Board is comprised of independent non-Executive Directors as well as the Group's Chief Executive and Chief Financial Officers. The size and composition of the Board is appropriate to a Group of our size and complexity. A biography for each member of the Board can be found on the Group's website: https://www.kcadeutag.com/whoweare/Pages/Meet-the-leadership-team.aspx The Executive Management Team ensures that the values, strategy and culture are aligned, implemented and communicated to the workforce most notably through regular Executive Management Team meetings as well as Town Hall webinar pres1:ntationsthat are available to all employees worldwide to attend. As a result of the recent changes to the Group's Board and Executive team, steps have been taken to broaden diversity. We are committed to making the Group an ever-more inclusive environment, thereby fostering a more diverse workforce which should further increase diversity at the most senior levels. Principle 3 - Director Responsibilities Accountability Good governance supports open and fair business, ensures that the Group has the right safeguards in place and makes certain that every decision it takes is underpinned by the right considerations. Whilst Board oversight is always maintained, key decisions are made by the individuals and committees with the most appropriate knowledge and industry experience. The Board has a programme of meetings every yearand each Roarci memher bas a dear understanding of their accountability and responsibilities. The Directors and Committee members are asked to declare their interests at the start of each Board/Committee meeting so as to avoid any conflict of interest issues. As part of the annual external audit, each Director is required to complete a Related Party information request, in which they disclose any directorships and/or substantial shareholdings they may have in non-Group companies.    Audit Committee The Committee's primary concerns are the integrity of the Group's fmancial statements; the effectiveness of internal controls; enterprise risk management; the performance of the internal audit function; the performance and independence of the external auditors; and the Group's compliance with legal and regulatory requirements. The Committee has clearly defined terms of reference which were updated and revised early in 2021. These outline the Committee's objectives and responsibilities relating to financial reporting, internal controls, risk management as well as overseeing compliance with legal and regulatory requirements and the application of appropriate accounting standards and procedures. Specific responsibilities include reviewing and recommending for approval the annual financial statements, reviewing the Group's accounting policies, reviewing the effectiveness of internal controls, internal audit and risk management processes and reviewing the scope, results and terms of engagement of the external audit. The Audit Committee meets quarterly and more frequently if required. Remuneration Committee The Remuneration Committee has clearly defined terms of reference which have also been updated as a result of the Group restructuring and will be reviewed annually. The Committee, which meets at least three times a year, is responsible for making recommendations to the Board concerning the Group's remuneration strategy, recruitment framework and long-term incentive plans for senior executives. In doing so, the Committee takes advice from independent external consultants who provide updates on legislative requirements, best market practice and remuneration benchmarking, drawing on evidence from across the sectors in which the Group operates and from other sectors. Pay is aligned with performance and taking into account fair pay and conditions across the Group's workforce. The Group's remuneration policy for executives is consistent with companies of a similar size and complexity, as well as other companies operating within the oil and gas sector. The Directors' remuneration is disclosed on page 79 (note 27). The Committee's primary objective is to set remuneration at a level that will enhance the Group's resources by attracting, retaining and motivating quality senior management who can deliver the Group's strategic ambitions within a framework that is aligned with shareholder interests. The Committee firmly believes that retaining the best people on the right remuneration, with an emphasis on performance-related pay, strengthens the Group's ability to face challenges emanating from economic and market change, and to deliver long-term sustainable value for all stakeholders. Ethics Committee The Group's Ethics Committee is chaired by the Head of Legal and meets on a quarterly basis. Attendees are the Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer, Business Units Presidents/Senior Vice Presidents, Senior Vice President, HR and the Group's Head of Operational Integrity and HSSE. The quarterly meetings cover a standing agenda around five key areas, namely: Anti-Bribery and Corruption, Third Party Risk Management, Export Controls and Sanctions, Emerging Legislation and Investigations. A summary of matters discussed by the Ethics Committee is also discussed at the Audit Committee. Risk Management Committee The Risk Management Committee, consisting of the Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer, and Group General Counsel, supported by business unit and functional leads, ensures that inherent and emerging Group risks are identified and managed appropriately and in a timely manner. The Committee meets on a weekly or as required basis to deal with any specific risk-related items and to consider investment decisions on new projects and contracts. The Board remains satisfied that the composition of the Committee strengthens the Group's approach to risk management and mitigation and that the Committee remains focused on the key risks affecting financial and operational performance. To support the Committees' work and to enhance the cohesion of the Group's risk management approach, including the cascade of Group-wide messages and lessons learnt, heads of business units and functions attend meetings as required to discuss their respective risk management and mitigation plans. Executive Management Team The Board delegates authority for day-to-day management of the Group to the Executive Management Team under the leadership of the Chief Executive according to an agreed Group Authorisation Matrix. The Executive Management Team meet regularly and consists of individuals responsible for the strategic business units and key functions. A biography for each member of the Executive Management Team can be found on the Group's website: https://www.kcadeutag.com/whoweare/Pages/Meet-the-leadership-team.aspx    The Executive Management Team's duties include formulating strategy proposals for Board approval and ensuring that the agreed strategy is implemented in a timely and effective manner. Integrity of information The Board receives regular information on all key aspects of the business including health and safety, risks and opportunities, the financial performance of the business, strategy, operational matters, and market conditions, all supported by Key Performance Indicators (KPis). Key financial information is collated from the Group's various accounting systems. The Group's finance function is appropriately qualified to ensure the integrity of this information and is provided with the necessary training to keep up to date with regulatory changes. Financial information is currently externally audited by PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP on an annual basis, and financial controls are reviewed by the Group's internal audit function. Other key information is prepared by the relevant internal function. Processes for collecting data, as well as the reporting of that data, is reviewed on a cyclical basis by the Group's internal audit function with quarterly reporting provided to the Audit Committee. Principle 4 - Opportunity and Risk The Board seeks out opportunity whilst mitigating risk. Opportunity Long term strategic opportunities are highlighted in the annual Group budgeting and business planning process which results in the budget and five year plan being presented to the Group Board each year. The Board seeks out opportunities drawn from the business as well as those presented to the shareholder group. Short term opportunities to improve performance, resilience ~d liquidity within the Group are collated through the weekly meetings of the Risk Management Committee. Risk The Group has an Enterprise Risk Management framework which consolidates the risk registers across the Group for any changes in underlying conditions. Risk registers are reviewed and updated twice-yearly by the Business Units and corporate functions to ensure they reflect the current risks facing the business. Annual presentations of the most significant risks are made by the Business Units and corporate functions to the Risk Management Committee. Management continues to refine and enhance the Group's risk management framework and risk registers and works to ensure consistency across the Group. The Group's key operational risks and mitigations are outlined in the Strategic Report (on pages 7 to 16). The Group's Strategic Risk Report which is presented to the Audit Committee and the Board on an annual basis includes key risks that are monitored by the Risk Management Committee and the Board. The Group's systems and controls are designed to manage, rather than to entirely eliminate, the risk of failure to achieve business objectives and can only provide reasonable and not an absolute assurance against a risk materialising. Responsibilities The Group has developed an Operating Framework based on its World Wide Standards which encapsulates the Group's operating rules, processes, best practice standards and delegated authorities. Specifically, the Group Board approves an annual Budget and Business plan, any contract above a certain value or any transaction that requires an unbudgeted allocation of capital (as described in the Group Authorisations Matrix), to ensure that the appropriate level of diligence has been performed in understanding the obligations, risks and terms of the contract. This enables the Group to protect the integrity and long-term sustainability of all its businesses, to meet its strategic objectives and to create value for all its stakeholders. The Group's Risk Management Committee performs an oversight role in terms of the management and mitigation of risk within the Group's operations as well as reviewing new business opportunities before they are approved.    Principle 5- Remuneration The Remuneration Committee's primary objective is to set remuneration at a level that will enhance the Group's human resources by securing and retaining quality senior management who can deliver the Group's strategic ambitions in a manner consistent with both its purpose and the interests of its shareholders. The Group is an active equal opportunities employer and promotes an environment free from discrimination, harassment and victimisation, where everyone receives equal treatment and career development regardless of age, gender, nationality, ethnic origin, religion, marital status, sexual orientation or disability. All decisions relating to employment practices (including remuneration) are objective, free from bias and based solely upon work criteria and individual merit. As part of the Group's focus on Diversity, the Group set up a Gender Diversity Group Forum based in the Group Corporate Office in Aberdeen, comprising of a number of managers who have been tasked with looking at areas which impact all our employees. These have included flexible working initiatives and the impact of unconscious bias in the workplace. Principle 6 - Stakeholders The Board is clear that good governance and effective communication are essential on a day-to-day basis to deliver our purpose and to protect the Group's brand, reputation and relationships with all our stakeholder community including shareholders, customers, employees, suppliers and the local communities in which we work. The Board continues to seek to align the Group's strategic direction with its purpose and to the shareholders' long-term aspirations for sustainability and growth. The Group's Chief Executive and Chief Financial Officer provide the primary communication route between the Executive Management Team, the Board and the shareholders. Under the shareholders' investment agreement, the shareholders have the right to appoint Directors to the boards of group companies, including the Company, as well as sending observers to attend board meetings of KCA Deutag International Limited, the Group's ultimate parent company. The appointments of the current non-executive directors of KCA Deutag International Limited have been approved in accordance with the terms of the shareholders' investment agreement. External impacts The Board is committed to social responsibility, community engagement and environmental sustainability. It achieves this in part through its commitment to: a culture of zero harm (ensuring the safety, health and wellbeing of everyone who works with us); creating positive environmental and social impact; and seeking to be an employer of choice where everyone is valued and respected. Stakeholders The Board promotes accountability and transparency with all external stakeholders. The Group also has in place its six Core Values which provide the framework for effectively leading, supporting and managing employees. The Group CEO hosts Town Hall webinar meetings to provide a briefmg on the Group's performance and allows individuals to raise questions and concerns. The Group monitors its employees' commitment to its guiding framework by asking members of senior management to submit a quarterly declaration confirming whether they have complied with the key requirements of critical World Wide Standards. All Group employees complete an annual appraisal with their line manager. This appraisal process is linked directly to each of the Group's six Core Values giving a strong linkage of individual performance to these values. If any employee wishes to highlight any inappropriate behaviour, they can contact the independent whistleblowing services provider and a formal investigation follows. The Executive Management Team has o:verseen a number of initiatives over the past few years to improve employee relations by seeking to expand the menu of flexible benefits on offer, encouraging more flexible working practices and wellbeing initiatives and updating the Group's intranet platform and channels of communication to share information, best practice, achievements and success. The Group continues to comply with legal requirements in the UK in respect of Gender Pay Reporting and Payment Practices and Performance Reporting, both of which are published externally. The Group is constantly looking to improve in its engagement with all stakeholders as these relationships are key to ensuring that the decisions made by the Group reflect the interest of all. The Group's website (www.kcadeutag.com), intranet and social media channels provide extensive and up-to-date news on recent developments as well as regular updates from the Chief Executive via his blog.    During 2021 Joseph Elkhoury has continued to seek to increase employee engagement levels by conducting virtual visits to Group locations and rigs, as well as initiating "Chat with Joseph" sessions where small groups of staff have the opportunity to ask questions in an infonnal setting via video-conference. He also continues to engage with employees on a one-to-one basis in order to understand the current state of the business and concerns faced by employees. Since his appointment as Chief Executive Officer in 2019, Joseph launched several #enhancethebrand improvement initiatives. These initiatives are led by separate teams that combine diverse groups of employees from different functions, business units and organisational levels to encourage proactive collaboration across the Company. One initiative in particular takes a bottom-up approach, the SKORE initiative, which encourages employees to provide process improvements to eliminate waste and reduce cost through Streamlining, Kollaboration, Outperfonning, Retaining and Expanding. This initiative is aimed at ensuring the Group operates in an efficient and cost-effective manner while also looking to increase employee engagement, accountability and ownership. Activities of the Board in 2021 The Board operates a forward agenda of standing items appropriate to the Group's operating and reporting cycles. Items requiring Board approval or endorsement are clearly defined whilst other items are for monitoring or reviewing progress against strategic priorities, risk management or the adequacy of internal controls. During 2021 the Board • Approved the Annual Accounts and Report for 2020; • Set the Group's 2021 budget and five year business plan; • Approved a capital reduction as part of the post-restructuring step plan; • Considered the allocation of capital to support the rolling five year business plan; • Received detailed reports on the Group's operating and financial perfonnance; • Gave consideration to the Group's safety perfonnance; • Received updates on progress against strategic programmes and tested the overall strategy against the delivery of shareholders' long tenn objectives; • Frequently considered the evolving economic, political and market conditions, in particular with respect to the ongoing COVID-19 pandemic; • Considered competitor behaviour, assessing KCA Deutag's performance in comparison to its peers; • Considered opportunities for organic growth and growth via Merger & Acquisition activity; • Considered and agreed in principle a set of targets for the acceptable level of liquidity; • Reviewed the Group's forecast funding requirements, debt capacity and potential financing options that would enable achievement of the desired targets; • Reviewed cash forecasts, cash management and status reports on the Group's funding; • Reviewed key risks, together with the adequacy of mitigation controls; • Considered future potential capital investment opportunities with an assessment made on risk versus reward; • Received regular reports from the Chairs of the Audit and Remuneration Committees; • Considered the continued personal development of the Executive Management Team, including senior management succession planning; • Evaluated the short and long tenns trends in the oil and gas sector that would help to infonn the wider business strategy and the Group's long term planning process; • Considered the data and narrative relevant to the Group's Gender Pay Reporting and Payment Practices Regulations; and • Approved the annual statements on the Group's policies on anti-slavery and human trafficking, anti-bribery and corruption and the Group's tax strategy, which can all be found on the Group's website http://www.kcadeutag.com    External Auditors The Audit Committee assesses the effectiveness of the Group's external auditors' performance every year after completion of the annual audit plan and during 2021 the Audit Committee evaluated their performance in relation to the 2020 audit. The evaluation takes the form of discussions with Management and other members of the Executive Management Team. The calibre of the external auditors, their governance, independence and professionalism continues to receive good feedback. Both management and the external auditors are committed to a positive working relationship that enhances the effective and efficient execution of the audit process. During 2021, the Group undertook a competitive tendering process for the appointment of the Group's external auditors for 2022 and subsequent years. As a result of this process, the Board has decided to appoint EY to replace PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP as the Group's external auditors. As it is privately owned, the Group is not subject to the same external restrictions in terms of non-audit work provided by the external auditors as if it were a public company, but for good governance has chosen to implement its own policy in relation to the level of their remuneration and the extent of their non-audit services. Throughout 2021 the Audit Committee was satisfied that the Group's external auditors' engagement policy had been complied with and concluded that the external auditors remained objective and independent and that the audit process was robust.
