   Corporate governance For the 53 week period ended 1 January 2022, under The Companies (Miscellaneous Reporting) Regulations 2018, the Company has applied the Wates Corporate Governance Principles for Large Private Companies (published by the Financial Reporting Council in December 2018 (the "Principles"). These corporate governance reporting requirements apply to a company reporting for financial years starting on or after 1 January 2019 and companies are able to adopt the Principles as an appropriate framework when making a disclosure regarding corporate governance arrangements. We have adopted the disclosure in our financial statements and set out below how we have applied the Principles over the past year throughout our work. Principle 1 - Purpose and leadership The focus of the Board and Executive Committee (which includes all three of the Board of Directors) has been the KP Snacks Strategy Wheel which is derived from the company's vision. Our vision is to be the UK's favourite snack company, delivering sustainable organic category and share growth, complementary 9wn label partnerships and strategic acquisitions, doing the right thing for generations ·to come. Our Strategy Wheel is evolved on an annual basis and sets out how we intend to achieve our vision and create more happy snacking moments for all of our stakeholders. The Extended Leadership Team (ELT) are all set objectives which are generated from the Strategy Wheel together with the Executive Committee. These objectives are filtered down to all employees within the business in order to align and engage everyone to strive to achieve our strategic goals. The Strategy Wheel is jointly developed by the ELT and the Executive committee. It is then communicated via town halls at each of our sites allowing all employees to be engaged with our strategy by asking questions and challenging our key focus areas. We note that during FY21 the Strategy Wheel was communicated virtually rather than in-person by the Executive Committee and the ELT to ensure the safety of our people during the COVID-19 pandemic. As a result of the COVID-19 pandemic, the Executive Committee have maintained a constant line of communication with all employees through increased use of the intranet with regular business and health and safety updates in both written and video format. The Executive Committee have continued to place increased emphasis on the well-being of employees throughout the financial year as a result of the ongoing COVID-19 pandemic. At KP we have an award-winning Values & Behaviours (V&Bs) programme which was developed by the Executive Committee with input of KP colleagues across the business. Our V&Bs are split into the following four categories: • We take personal ownership • We value our people • We achieve together • We have a positive attitude Our V&Bs guide how we work every day and have helped us to create a great culture for the business, making it a fantastic place to work. We have more than 120 V&B 'Champions' around KP who work to embed our V&Bs into every part of ou~ business, at every site, every day.    Principle 2 - Board composition The Board comprises three Directors being the CEO and MD of Operations, CFO and Sales Director. The Chairman of the Board is rotated in each of the Board meetings to ensure that the balance of responsibilities and decision making across the Company is effectively maintained. The General Counsel also attends board meetings to offer a further level of scrutiny and ensure the meeting is appropriately minuted. The Board is supported by the Executive Committee which also includes the HR Director, Manufacturing Director, Marketing Director and General Counsel. The Board report to our controlling shareholder, lntersnack Group who are our primary stakeholder and whom provide another source of challenge for the Board and Executive Committee. We consider the size and experience of the Executive Committee to be well balanced with a good knowledge of all of KP's operations as well as the wider industry from which we operate. We acknowledge that diversity at more senior levels of the business isn't as balanced as throughout the rest of the business. Therefore KP has created an Inclusion & Diversity Committee which focuses on the Board's commitment of continuing to develop an inclusive culture and business and ultimately a more diverse workforce at all levels. The executive committee are also detailed on the company website, see https://www.kpsnacks.com/about-us/our-leadership. lri addition to the Board of Directors and Executive Committee we have the following Committees within the business. These Committees are headed by an Executive Committee member and report into the complete Executive Committee on at least an annual basis: • Risk Operating Committee • Remuneration Committee • Inclusion & Diversity Committee • CSR (Taste for Good) Committee Principle 3 - Director responsibilities The Executive Committee meet on a monthly basis with Board meetings occurring quarterly. The key areas of focus in 2021 are outlined in our s172 report within the Strategic Report. The previous meeting's minutes are reviewed and approved in the subsequent Board meeting. The Board report financials to the lntersnack Group every month and meet on a quarterly basis through our budgeting, forecasting and reporting processes however there is also an informal open line of communication between the Board and lntersnack Group throughout the year. The Board receives regular and timely information on all key aspects of the business including health and safety, production quality, risks and opportunities, the financial performance of the business, strategy, operational matters, market conditions and sustainability. A key element of our 2021 strategy was that we are good for our people, consumers, community and the environment. In 2021, KP worked with health charity Movember for the third year, to encourage more men to open up and talk about testicular cancer. Despite the challenges of COVID-19 we stuck to our strategy that we are responsible for generations to come and continued to conduct internal audits around some of our key processes to identify areas of improvement. The results of the audits were communicated to the Executive Committee with action plans initiated to ensure effective controls implemented around areas considered to be of higher risk and thus protecting the long term success of the business.    Principle 4 - Opportunity & risk The Board seeks out opportunity while maintaining risk. The companY'.skey risks and mitigations are outlined in the Strategic Report under the sub-header Principal risks and uncertainties. There is a Risk Operating Committee (ROC) led by the General Counsel and Finance Controller which reports to the Executive Committee on at least an annual basis. The ROC meet with business unit and functional leads to ensure that inherent and emerging risks are identified and managed in a timely manner. The key focus across 2021 has been managing the risks associated with COVID-19 however the ROC maintained focus on all short and long term risks of the business to ensure that all relevant risks have been appropriately identified, responded to and communicated to the Executive Committee. Through continuous process improvement we have established good processes with strong internal controls which allows for a controls based audit in areas of higher complexity/judgement such as promotional accruals. There is an ongoing commitment to identifying opportunities throughout all areas of the business and all employees are encouraged to feedback and drive this through regular monthly meeting cycles. Principle 5 - Remuneration The remuneration of the Board of Directors is disclosed in Note 6 of the financial statements. The remuneration of the Board is approved on an annual basis by the lntersnack Group. The objective of the remuneration policy is to secure and retain the highest talent who can deliver the company's strategic objectives. Principle 6 - Stakeholders The Board is clear that good governance and effective communication are essential on a day-to-day basis to deliver our purpose and to protect the company's brand, reputation and relationships with all our stakeholder community including shareholders, customers, employees, suppliers, trade unions, trade bodies and the local communities in which we work. We have been making some of Britain's best-loved snacks for many years. During that time, we've always tried to be a responsible business and do things right. Today we call our corporate responsibility approach our 'Taste for Good.' Our Taste for Good is focused on four ingredients: consumers, environment, people and communities. Throughout our business, our culture, the way we work and all the projects we undertake, Taste for Good is designed to make sure KP Snacks continues to 'do good'. As an organisation trusted by our key stakeholders, it is important for legal, ethical, commercial and reputational reasons that we establish and embed within the fabric of our business a solid foundation of legal compliance so that we protect its long term future. We take responsibility for this, both individually and collectively as a business and we have embedded formal policies which reflect this commitment. Our key stakeholders and our engagement with them during 2021 has been outlined in the s172 statement within the Strategic Report.
