   Corporate Governance Principles During the year ended 31 March 2022, the UK companies within the Group have considered the Companies (Miscellaneous Reporting) Regulations 2018 and elected to apply the Wates Corporate Governance Principles for Large Companies, as published in December 2018 (the "Wates Principles"). We reported against the Wates Principles for the first time in the financial year ended 31 March 2020 and the continuance of this reporting assists with an assessment of what has been done well and where there remains opportunity for further improvement of our corporate governance framework. It is also recognised that governance requirements and needs will evolve over time. Our ambition continues to be the achievement of best-in-class corporate governance across the Group.    Group Corporate Governance Framework The Company sits within the Corporate Governance Framework of the overall Laing O'Rourke Corporation Group. Decisions that impact Laing O'Rourke Services Limited are made at both the Europe Hub Executive Committee and Group Executive Committee levels. The structure of the Laing O'Rourke Corporation Group board and its committees is outlined on page 16 to 22 of the Laing O'Rourke Corporation Limited Annual Report. The Directors of the Company are members of the Europe Hub Committee and/or the Group Executive Committee. All references to the Board, the Company and the Group within this Corporate Governance Section, including in respect of the section 172 ( 1) statement, relate to the Laing O'Rourke Corporation Group. At Laing O'Rourke, pride is taken in what has already been achieved. Our Group Governance Framework continues to be applied across our global business and was reviewed during FY22in line with our annual review cycle. We take the view that good corporate governance is a cornerstone of the creation of a successful business and one that generates value for wider society. In line with previous years, the Board has decided to continue to voluntarily report against the Wates Principles at a Group level in order to promote transparency and accountability. Laing O'Rourke Corporation directors Sir John Parker GBE FRENG- Group Chair Sir John Parker, Group Chair at Laing O'Rourke, has built up an enviable reputation across a range of industrial sectors as a leader in the boardroom, including Chairman at six FTSE100 companies. Sir John also chairs the Remuneration, Nomination and Governance Committee and the Finance Committee. A former President of the Royal Academy of Engineering and a visiting Fellow at Oxford University, he takes a keen interest in the development of engineering technology and talent, a core value of Laing O'Rourke's global business. Des O'Rourke - Group Deputy Chair Shareholder and co-founding director of the Laing O'Rourke Group, Des provides Board level support to the Group Chair and the Chief Executive Officer in the operational management of the Group's business activities. Des is also a member of the Group Executive Committee and the Europe Hub Executive Committee. Des has a proven track record in project delivery, mobilising large teams of people around the world. onto complex projects Ray O'Rourke KBE- Group Chief Executive Officer Shareholder and co-founding director of the Laing O' Rourke Group, Ray chairs the Group Executive Committee and is responsible for leading the strategic direction and operational management of the Group's business activities. Ray also chairs the Australia Hub Executive Committee, Europe Hub Executive Committee, the Europe Inclusion and Wellbeing Committee and is a member of the Finance Committee and Remuneration, Nomination and Governance Committee. Ray founded R O'Rourke & Son in 1977 and commenced trading the following year. The business acquired the construction arm of John Laing pie in 2001, and with the acquisition of Barclay Mowlem in 2006, created today's extended international engineering construction group. Ray has a passion for developing and promoting engineering and project delivery talent to meet global construction challenges and has a keen focus on safety performance. Rowan Baker - Group Chief Financial Officer Rowan joined Laing O'Rourke in September 2020 as the Group's Chief Financial Officer (CFO). Rowan is also a member of the Group Executive Committee, the Finance Committee, the Australia Hub Executive Committee and the Europe Hub Executive Committee. An experienced finance executive, Rowan joined Laing O'Rourke from McCarthy & Stone pie, where she held the role of Chief Financial Officer and played a key role in the company's successful IPO in 2015. Prior to joining McCarthy & Stone in 2012, she worked in finance for Barclays Bank pie and professional services for PwC. Rowan has a master's degree in Law from Cambridge University and is a qualified accountant (FCA) and chartered tax adviser. Rowan is also a Non-Executive Director and Chair of the Audit Committee at Vistry Group pie.    Greg Branch - Non-Executive Director Greg joined the Board as an independent Non-Executive Director in September 2018. Greg also chaired the Audit and RiskCommittee and was a member of the Finance Committee. Greg sadly passed away in August 2022. Previously, Greg was a Senior Partner at Deloitte LLP and built Deloitte Offshore over 27 years into a highly successful business. His key skillsincluded succession planning, strategic planning, finance, audit and corporate governance. Greg had significant experience in working closely with Audit Committees of listed companies and large private companies. Seamus French - Europe Hub Managing Director and CEO designate Seamus joined the Board as an independent Non-Executive Director in May 2020 and was appointed Hub Managing Director and CEO-Designate in January 2022. Seamus is also a member of the Committee. Europe Finance Seamus joined Anglo American in 2007, acted as CEO of Anglo America's bulk commodities business and was responsible for the Group's coal, iron ore and nickel businesses. He also sat on their Group Management Committee. Before joining Anglo American, he worked in a range of chemical and resources businesses, including as Global Vice President and a member of the Executive Committee at BHPBilliton. In October 2022 the Board announced that Seamus will step down from his Europe Hub Managing and Ray O' Rourke will remain CEO of Laing O'Rourke. Director role Charlotte Valeur - Non-Executive Director Charlotte was appointed to the Board as an independent Non-Executive Director in March 2018. Charlotte has more than 30 years' experience in the financial industry and has held a range of executive and non-executive directorships in listed organisations, including Kennedy Wilson Europe Real Estate Pie, 3i Infrastructure Pie, Blackstone/GSO Loan Financing Ltd, DW Catalyst Fund Ltd, NTR Pie, Renewable Energy Generation Ltd and JPMorgan Convertibles Income Fund Ltd. In addition to her role on the Board, Charlotte is a member of the Laing O'Rourke Audit and Risk Committee, the Remuneration, Nomination and Governance Committee and the Finance Committee. Charlotte has also taken on the temporary role of chair of the Audit and Risk Committee. Jim Edmondson - Group Company Secretary Jim joined the Group in January 2018. Jim is a member of the Group Executive Committee. He is a solicitor of the Supreme Court of England and Wales and a former joint senior partner of a major London law firm with responsibilities for strategy, thought leadership, nurturing of client relationships and business development. Jim also specialised in advising on corporate structures, succession planning and the application of proper administration and corporate governance in the context of directorships and trusteeships. Dr Hayaatun Sillem CBE - Non-Executive Director Hayaatun was appointed to the board as a Non-Executive Director in March 2022. She is CEO of the Royal Academy of Engineering and Queen Elizabeth Prize for Engineering Foundation and has been named as one of the 'Inspiring 50 Women in Tech' and one of the most influential women in engineering. Hayaatun chairs the UK government's BusinessInnovation Forum and the St. Andrews Prize for the Environment, and co-chaired Sir Lewis Hamilton's Commission on Black Representation in motorsport. She was made a CBE for services to International Engineering in 2019. Prior to her current roles, she was Deputy CEO at the Academy and served as Committee Specialist Adviser to the House of Commons Science & Technology Committee. Specialist and later Mark Cutifani - Non-Executive Director Mark was appointed to the board as a Non-Executive Director in September 2022. Mark is an experienced global chief executive who joined the Laing O'Rourke Board as Senior Independent Director, also chairing the Board's Sustainability Committee. Mark stepped down in April 2022 as chief executive and an executive director of Anglo American pie after nine years leading the global mining giant.    Mark Cutifani - Non-Executive Director He is credited with leading the turnaround of Anglo company reported revenues of USD$41.5bn and record American after joining profitability in 2021. as chief executive in 2013. The Heather Mac Callum - Non-Executive Director Heather was appointed to the board as a Non-Executive effective from 1 November 2022. Director, Chair of the Audit and Risk Committee, Key matters considered by the Laing O'Rourke Corporation Limited board during the year ended 31 March 2022 included: TOPIC/ACTIVITY ACTIONS PROGRESS STRATEGY& Sustainability embedded into Group SUSTAINABILITY strategy with current ambition to Approval to appoint a Europe Hub Head of Sustainability supported by sustainability 'ambassadors' throughout the business. achieve operational net zero emissions by 2030 and Group zero emissions by 2050 Development of LOR purpose and values in the year that speak to the heart of our sustainability initiative and strategies that underpins how the business goes to work. Working towards the reporting obligations for the Task Force on Climate-Related Financial Disclosures. Investment in R&D and modern methods of construction to support low carbon products. Regular reporting to the Board of progress on these initiatives and connectivity with finance function and operations. Continued careful monitoring by the Board to maintain a realistic view of progress towards environmental and diversity targets. Implemented the decision-making (RDM) Framework for the Group as a key enabler for our transformation strategy to deliver our 'Deliver 2025' mission. Continued work in both Hubs to ensure that RDM is applied in all aspects of business. Reviewed the appropriateness of the Group's corporate structure in the context of Board and shareholders' continuing drive for simplicity. Creation of a single consolidated UK trading group with effect from 1 April 2022 and significant reduction in the number of legal entities. Details of the KPlswhich have been approved by the Board and against which progress will be measured are outlined on pages 2 and 3 of the Laing O'Rourke Corporation Annual Report. PURPOSE& VALUES Developed the Group's purpose statement and values that will bring together the enduring essence of LOR as a business, which will guide us today and in how we evolve in the future. Endorsement by the Board of a Statement of Purpose with associated Values following a review of the Group's Code of Conduct coupled with wide consultation within the business. The PurposeStatement: Pushing the boundaries of what's possible, in service of humanity. The Values: Care (do the best for our people to improve their lives and the world around us). Integrity (do things the right way). Courage (willingness to confront the unknown and to challenge the status quo).    VALUES (continued} Courage (willingness to confront the unknown and to challenge the status quo). FINANCIAL Evaluated the Group's performance PERFORMANCE against budget and forecast. Detailed reports to each Board meeting from Group Chief Financial Officer and Group Commercial Director. Refinance of the UK core debt facilities. Significant step forward with completion of refinance of UK core debt facilities on 'business as usual' unsecured terms with a single bank lender. Approved the Company's annual report and accounts and financial results. Annual report and accounts and financial results approved by LOR Corporation Board. Programme of frequent Board meetings. Continued response to the challenges presented by the impact of Covid-19 in both Hubs. LEADERSHIPAND Continued review of Board composition PEOPLE and merits of gender and ethnic diversity. Approved appointment to the Board as Non-Executive Director of Dr Hayaatun Sillem, CEO of the Royal Academy of Engineering. Considered succession planning for senior roles. Succession planning continuing to evolve under the stewardship of Group Chair Sir John Parker. Considered "Purpose" from an individual leadership perspective. Executive initiatives around defining what 'purposeful leadership' is alongside the initiative designed to identify overall 'purpose' and 'values' for the business. Considered need to establish additional Group roles in key areas supporting the Group's 'Deliver 2025' mission. Appointments of Group Chief Data & Information Officer, Group Head of Digital and Group Head of Risk and Internal Audit approved. Reviewed Executive Development Programme, a two year initiative involving some 30 executives. The purpose is to enable each executive to review personal progress aside from every-day tasks, and to enable the business to arrive at an objective analysis of bench strength in order to inform succession planning. Excellent executive engagement assisted by professional coaching in core areas of purposeful leadership and high performance. RISK MANAGEMENT AND INTERNAL CONTROLS Established special attention forums responsible for tracking and reporting identification and management of risks arising directly from the Covid-19 pandemic and Brexit. Continuing development of 'Project Certainty', a new approach to Safety through the application of Engineered Safety (engineering out the risk), Modern Methods of Construction (digital technology and off-site manufacture) and Human Performance (leadership, personal capacity and well-being). INCLUSIONAND Renewed emphasis on safety of people, WELLBEING both physical and psychological, as the highest value in order to embed the appropriate culture, owned by all concerned. Regular reporting to the Board by legal and commercia_l functions. Approval of the appointment of a new Head of Risk and Internal Audit, reporting directly to the Non-Executive chair of the Audit and RiskCommittee. Implementation of Project Certainty as the operating model for all new projects in the UK, ensuring a personal connection between project and business leadership teams. 'Engineered Safety' is central to the way in which the Group goes to work. Thisis underpinned by our values placing Care at the heart of the business. Emphasis upon the 'pillars' of Engineered Safety, Delivery Excellence and Human Performance, maximizing the impact of digital technology in the workplace and supporting our 'Trades to Technicians' Ian.    CORPORATE GOVERNANCE STATEMENT The structure of the Corporate Governance Statement follows that of the Wates Principles. Each of the Wates Principles has been considered individually and in the context of Laing O'Rourke's operations. PRINCIPLE ONE - PURPOSEAND LEADERSHIP As an engineering and construction organisation, Laing O'Rourke is committed to playing a vital role in building stronger and more sustainable communities and contributing to economic growth. The Group is committed to the development of a workforce culture based on what is described as 'Excellence Plus' performance. At the heart of the business is the ambition to become the recognised leader for innovation and excellence in the construction industry - achieved by means of a strategy based on the values of the founding shareholders, who remain the two shareholders of the Group today and continue to inform its direction. These aims are clear, powerful, and relevant to the business challenges of today and tomorrow and form a compelling guide to the goals of the Group and how they will be achieved. The Group's strategy is implemented through our 'Deliver 2025' mission to become the recognised leader for innovation and excellence in the construction industry. Further details of the Group's strategy are set out on pages 13 and 14 of the Laing O' Rourke Corporation Limited Annual Report for FY22. The Laing O' Rourke Corporation Limited consolidated financial statements are available at www.laingorourke.com. The Board has approved the articulation of the Group's Purpose and Values which have been informed by the Group's Code of Conduct and by listening to a broad span of the people in the business. Further details are set out on page 4 of the Laing O'Rourke Corporation Limited Annual Report for FY22. The process of consulting on Purpose and Values emphasised the importance of engagement and dialogue with employees and wider stakeholders when communicating the Group's strategy, governance and culture. Details of how and why we engage are set out on pages 14 to 19 in our reporting against Principle Six (Stakeholder Relationships and Engagement) of the Wates Principles. CONDUCT AND ETHICS The Board sets and leads behaviours and culture to support the delivery of the strategy. There is a formal process for the Board to manage and approve conflicts of interest within the Director group and Directors are required to inform the Board of any actual or potential conflicts of interest which may arise with their other professional or personal interests. The Board has approved the Group's Code of Conduct, which sets out behaviours acceptable to Laing O'Rourke. The Code of Conduct defines Laing O'Rourke's commitment to operating globally in accordance with ethical standards and the behaviours that are expected of employees, supply chain partners and other stakeholders. The aim is to go beyond minimal compliance. The Code of Conduct - 'Doing the Right Thing' - is publicly available on the Group's website. We made further enhancements during the period to our Group ethics and compliance programme, with a focus on training our people, raising awareness of expected behaviours and supplementing our existing suite of compliance policies and controls following bi-annual control reviews and risk assessment. Our Directors and senior Executive team are closely aligned with the continued evolution of our ethics and compliance programme by undertaking training, ensuring ethics and compliance is a standing agenda item in our Executive governance forums and increasing their accountability for managing gifts, hospitality and conflicts of interest. In September 2021 the Group CEO led the launch of a global Compliance Campaign to further reinforce the ethical behaviours we expect of our people. HIGHLIGHTS: Group risk assessment and bi-annual control reviews completed and reported to the Board, Audit and RiskCommittee and Hub Executive Committees Global Code of Conduct training and Pledge certification by all employees Modern Slavery training for UKsite managers Europe Hub Executive training on ethics and compliance Group Compliance Campaign launched Group Gifts and Hospitality Policy published Group Modern Slavery Policy published and Modern Slavery policy statements updated relevant to each operating country UK supply chain due diligence controls further enhanced    PRINCIPLEONE· PURPOSEAND LEADERSHIP(continued) OUR PURPOSEAND VALUES· CASE STUDY Over the course of the year LOR undertook a lot of work in developing a purpose statement and underpinning values that bring together the enduring essence of LOR as a business across its 40+ year history, and which still guides us today, and what continues to push us to evolve in our future. The elements that endure are our purpose (why we exist), our values (how we guide our actions and decisions) and our value proposition (how we meet our clients' needs). The elements that evolve are our mission (how we fulfil our purpose) and our strategy (how we will achieve this). We conducted a thematic analysis of our people and our clients' stories and experiences relating to purpose, meaning and values. We looked at all levels of the staff of the Group, analysing people data and our Code of Conduct, and undertook twenty in depth PhD-led research interviews. We also reviewed our Clients and Markets perception study and the work we had already undertaken in developing our value proposition. The LOR Board members and Executives conducted a series of workshops where emergent statements were discussed, and the following statement of purpose agreed: Pushing the boundaries of what's possible, in service of humanity In the discussion, we broke the purpose statement down into sections: "Pushing the boundaries" is representative of LOR'sreputation for innovation, ambitions, and being an agency for positive change in the industry. It is what we are known for across our people, partners and clients; "What's possible" represents an innate feature of our culture as problem-solvers and our continuous push for excellence. Clients remark that both the ingenuity and innovation of our people is what separates us from our competitors. Thisalso reflects the strong sense of team which exists across the business - our people are proud to pull together in times of adversity and do the seemingly impossible; "In service" resonates with the strong values which run throughout the business. Our people believe they are doing work that fundamentally impacts and improves the lives of others; and "Humanity" reflects a perspective where our people and clients felt that our work impacted all levels and parts of community and society irrespective of location, background, social status. We do work that leaves a legacy and many of our people talk about the pride they feel in showing their families the projects they have played a part in delivering. The workshops and our preparatory reviews and interviews also highlighted three common values that emerged again and again. Accordingly, we concluded that these three values reflect LOR and underpin our Purpose Statement. They are: Care We do what's best for our people, to improve their lives and the world around us. Integrity We do things the right way. Courage We are willing to confront the unknown and challenge the status quo. People also commented on the order with care being the first value - this reflected our strong commitment each other, to improving opportunities for all and also the importance of our sustainability agenda. to Integrity reflects a strong conviction of people to ensure corners were not cut or compromises made. They feel very proud of working for an organisation that is clear on what it will and will not stand for in terms of how we go to work. Courage is seen as underpinning both the past in terms of pushing of boundaries of what is possible but also in facing into our future and the continued desire to push further. Behind our purpose and values Our Purpose Statement and underpinning values are what make us unique in who we are and drive the impact we want to have as a business in the world. At our core is the ambition to be a force of positive change in our industry and to push the boundaries of possibility. As a business we must continue to evolve, innovate and adapt. Our purpose and values will guide us to evolve quicker, and in a way that fulfils our responsibilities and duties to our people, our clients, the communities in which we work and the planet.    PRINCIPLEONE - PURPOSEAND LEADERSHIP(continued) NOW WHAT? Whilst our purpose and values were developed, we recognised the challenge of ensuring we are serious about our purpose and values and the need to show how they work and come alive through all aspects of our business from Board decision-making out to our people and all our stakeholders. We therefore have been mindful of how we bring the meaning to life for our people and then embed it into our systems and processes. Consequently, the Board has agreed through into next year. a plan for a series of actions in two phases starting in FY22 and .going As part of the "meaning making" for our people (phase 1), our Board, Group and Hub Executives have signed up to the purpose and values pledge followed by leaders throughout the business championing our purpose through a series of roadshows, "meaning-making" sessionsacross the workforce, project staff and functions and story-telling invitational events. Phase 2 is the embedment of our purpose and values into our systems and processes which will include recruitment and on-boarding processes; integration into our learning and _development programmes career conversations and our project governance and Responsible Decision Making (RDM) framework. our and In addition, we recognise the need to consider the balance between commercial impact and value and social impact and value to become a business that has at its core profit with purpose. This means further work is planned for FY23 on the organising principles underpinning how we orientate ourselves around profit with purpose and how we develop accountability against a set of metrics. PRINCIPLETWO BOARD COMPOSITION The Board members who served during the year are profiled on pages 3 to 5, led by Sir John Parker, an Independent Non-Executive Director, as Group Chair. The Board includes a further three Independent Non-Executive Directors who bring experience and challenge from outside the construction sector. The size and composition of the Board is kept under review by the Group Chair as the business continues to grow and t_he Executive leadership evolves. In the course of the year, the Board approved the appointment of Seamus French as Managing Director, Europe and CEO Designate to take the reins as Ray O'Rourke retires from his executive role. The appointment of Dr Hayaatun Sillem as a further Independent Non-Executive Director reflects steady progress in developing the gender and ethnic diversity around the Board table. Ray O'Rourke continues as a Director. Mark Cutifani was appointed as a further Non-Executive Director in September 2022. Greg Branch, who was an independent sadly passed away in August 2022. Non-Executive Director and chaired the Audit and Risk Committee, The Board delegates the day-to-day operation of the Group through a structure of executive committees which regularly report into the Board and provide guidance on the Group's business needs. The Group's shareholders are Board members, enabling a full understanding of shareholder interests. GROUP EXECUTIVECOMMITTEE The Group Executive Committee is chaired by the Chief Executive Officer. The role of the committee is to recommend the Group Strategy to the Board, allocate capital and monitor execution to maximise stakeholder returns. HUB EXECUTIVECOMMITTEE The Europe and Australia Executive Committees are chaired by the Chief Executive Officer. The role of the committee is to execute the strategy and maximise free cashflows from operations. AUDITAND RISKCOMMITTEE The Audit and RiskCommittee is chaired by a Non-Executive Director with appropriate expertise. The role of the Committee is to monitor the integrity of the Group's financial statements, to oversee the relationship with the external auditor including a review of independence and fees and to work with the new independent Riskand Internal Audit function established in May 2021. For the purposes of the FY22audit, the Committee met four times in order to review draft financial statements, the information supplied by management on significant accounting judgments and confirmation of going concern in addition to reports from the Riskand Internal Audit function and from the Compliance Committee.    PRINCIPLETWO BOARDCOMPOSITION (continued) THEINCLUSIONAND WELLBEINGCOMMITTEE This Committee is charged by the Board with oversight of the safety and wellbeing of all our people, including the commitment to diversity and inclusion referred to below. With implementation of Project Certainty, the Group has developed a new approach which identifies the safety of our people as the highest value of the business, achieved through inclusion and wellbeing, the application of Engineered Safety to 'engineer out' risk, modern methods of construction involving digital technology and offsite manufacture and an emphasis on human performance through leadership and capacity. REMUNERATION,NOMINATION AND GOVERNANCE COMMITTEE The Remuneration, Nomination and Governance Committee, chaired by an independent Non-Executive Director has clearly defined terms of reference. Its main function is to make recommendations to the Board for the Group's remuneration structure and align remuneration to the long-term sustainable success of the Group. GROUP SUSTAINABILITYCOMMITTEE This Committee has recently been set up by our Group Chair Sir John Parker, to be chaired by our newly appointed Independent Non-Executive Director Mark Cutifani, and is charged by the Board with overseeing the environmental impact and sustainability of operations and monitoring progress and performance against targets. FINANCE COMMITTEE This Committee, also chaired by an Independent overseeing and approving borrowings and banking approve any significant new banking arrangements. Non-Executive arrangements Director, is charged by the Board with with meeting as required to oversee and The Board Group Chair and the committee chairs promote open debate and facilitate constructive discussions. The Group Chair, via the Group Company Secretary, is responsible for ensuring that Directors receive the appropriate level of information in board papers sufficiently in advance of meetings to facilitate such discussions. Board members have equal voting rights when making decisions. The specific modus operandi of the Board is set out in the company's articles of association, a copy of which can be requested from the Group Company Secretary. All Directors have equal access to the Group Company Secretary and may take professional advice if desired at the Group's expense. The Group is confident that the Board has the right skillsand experience to discharge its duties effectively. The Directors are clear on the amount of time required for their role and are careful to balance this with the requirements of other roles (see biographies on pages 3 to 5). The Board aims to schedule regular visits to major projects and Directors are free to request such information as they may wish on any aspect of the Group's operations. The Group provides formal training for Directors and has a clear commitment to professional development. The Group Chair undertakes a programme of discussion and evaluation with each member of the Board outside the forum of formal meetings. This evaluation includes a focus upon succession, which is under regular review both at Board and operational level and is of particular relevance to the drive for transformation over the course of the Group's business plan to 2025. The Group has implemented an executive development programme in the overall Group, with specialist coaching supported by the team at Global Futures designed to identify and address development goals. Laing O'Rourke continues in its aspiration to increase diversity across the business. Our commitment to drive Diversity is set out in the sustainability section of the Directors' Report on page 22. to continue PRINCIPLETHREEDIRECTORRESPONSIBILITIES The Board has approved a Group Governance Framework which provides a clear understanding of Directors' roles and responsibilities, linking to policies and procedures and delegations of authority, supporting effective decision-making and independent challenge. This, in turn, delivers· long-term value to the Group and to stakeholders. Governance processes are reviewed on a regular basis as part of the Group's commitment to corporate governance.    PRINCIPLE THREEDIRECTOR RESPONSIBILITIES(continued) The Board delegates day-to-day management of the Group to the Group Executive Committee and the Executive Committees in each of its Hubs report directly into the Group Executive Committee. The Board further delegates detailed and specific matters to the other committees mentioned whose role it is to consider specific issuesof relevance to Group governance and to recommend a course of action to the Board. The Board retains ultimate responsibility for any final decisions. The Non-Executive Directors are wholly independent and have no material business or other relationships with the Group which might influence their independence, judgment or decisions. The Board believes that the relationship between the company and its shareholders works well and that the Non- Executive Directors can fulfil their roles in an independent and constructive manner. Non-Executive Directors act as chairs of the Board and other key committees. Directors are aware of their statutory and ethical duties in relation to potential conflicts of interest which may compromise objective decision-making. If an actual or potential conflict of interest arises, the Board (or one of its Executive Committees) will manage the matter as appropriate. Depending on the circumstances, any conflicted Director may be asked to abstain from contributing to the discussion or voting. At a subsidiary level, appointments to the boards of operating subsidiary companies are reviewed and aligned with membership of the Group Executive and Hub Committees and the business unit and functional leadership structure. BusinessUnit Leaders are at the heart of operations, enabling direct engagement with the relevant business unit employees and other stakeholders such as clients. All Directors and BusinessUnit Leaders receive meeting papers and information through a secure digital portal managed by the company secretariat. Board and committee papers and supporting information are expected to be timely, accurate, clear, comprehensive and up to date, with a clear indication of what is requested of each recipient. PRINCIPLE FOUR OPPORTUNITY AND RISK The Board oversees a continuous assessment of risks affecting the Group and has in place the necessary oversight procedures for the identification and effective mitigation of risk. Set out below are some of the key controls and procedures that form part of the framework for management of the Group's principal risks identified on pages 51 to 58 of the Laing O'Rourke Corporation Limited Annual Report for FY22 under 'Risk Management'. Following review of the Group's risk and compliance programme, regular reporting to the Board across a range of compliance requirements and risk appetites has been formalised through the Group and Hub Compliance Committee structure to continue to strengthen the dialogue between the Board and the Group's executive teams responsible for management of risk. We will continue to focus on improvements to our corporate risk management framework over the next reporting period, to ensure that it is fully 'risk enabled' to best support the Group in achieving its strategic objectives. RISKAND INTERNALAUDIT The Audit and Risk Committee governance, risk management, provides oversight and monitoring of the integrity of the Group's financial internal audit, and relationship with external auditors. An independent Riskand Internal Audit Function, reporting directly to the Audit and RiskCommittee, has been established since our 2021 Annual Report. The Group Head of Risk and Internal Audit has established a new team in the European Hub to help enhance the risk management strategy and to deliver an internal audit plan based on the principal risks. The review of the enterprise risk strategy and supporting process includes an assessment of the potential for implementing a new risk management digital platform to enhance the Group's ability to gain further insight into collated risk data and hence the management of the Group's strategic objectives and operational performance.    PRINCIPLEFOUR OPPORTUNITYAND RISK(continued) PROJECTDELEGATIONOF AUTHORITY Strong project governance is fundamental to our resilience and certainty - two of the five conditions of our 'Deliver 2025' Mission, outlined on page 5 of the Laing O'Rourke Corporation Limited Annual Report for FY22, that supports the Group's strategy. The Project Delegation of Authority is approved by the Europe Hub Executive Committee in the Europe Hub and details the cascade of authorisations required for key project related decisions, including all project gateways, project related contracts and key supply chain approvals via a risk-based approach for decision-making. A digital 'risk calculator' tool helps staff identify and assessrisksand select the right delegation of authority for the decision. The aim is to maintain absolute alignment, while reserving authority at the level of the Board, Group Executive Committee and Hub Executive Committees to consider the highest risk decisions. PROJECTGATEWAYS Laing O'Rourke relies on a governance framework to manage opportunities and risk, provide control and maintain an enduring sustainable enterprise. Formal governance gateways, coupled with the Project Delegation of Authority, are in place to provide core controls. There are ten project gateways, spanning from opportunity identification, bid stage, delivery and through to final handover. All gateways must be authorised in accordance with the Project Delegation of Authority. Our Governance to the gateways, that governance Committees at Group and Hub levels continue to regularly review and work on improvements ensuring that they are streamlined, standardised and integrated in day-to-day activities so becomes an integral part of how each person goes to work. Recent enhancements have focused on the mobilisation phase of a project with a digitised system implemented to manage the critical items requiring action and ensure compliance to Gateways and therefore governance framework. BID SETTLEMENTMEETINGS Bid settlement meetings make sure that the right people are together at the right time to discuss and reach alignment on all bids, ensuring that the offers made to clients are risk balanced and robust. Where appropriate, members of the Board and/or its Executive Committees attend bid settlement meetings. iGMS Our iGMS (integrated Group Management System) contains Laing O'Rourke's enterprise-wide management system, knowledge and information. This is the repository for all processes, procedures, technical information, general information, guidance, templates, checklists and learning, which enables people to be organised for success and provides guidance on how they should go to work. Key policies and procedures are approved or endorsed by the Board and/or its relevant committees prior to publication in iGMS. Part of the Group's long-term strategy is to have simple and seamless structures, processes, systems and tools to enable smarter working. Through our Transformation agenda, the Group continues to focus on resilience and certainty to deliver against promises encompassing quality, cost and time. To achieve this, it is necessary to embed a behaviour of delivering what has been promised and complying with core business processes. During the financial year we continued a targeted review of our project gateways. Thisincluded: further simplification of the offer process to reduce the reporting burden, make bid settlements more streamlined, and support making risk-based decisions with absolute alignment, supporting the successful establishment of each project in a structured and consistent manner; improved completion and closeout process to ensure we successfully action all critical activities during these final stages of our projects so that we ultimately provide assurance and support to eliminate the risk of defects; greater clarity and visibility around our change management process to ensure all project changes go through an appropriate level of due diligence and appreciation based on the risk of the change; mandatory iGMS Corporate Induction and eLearning module for all new employees to ensure our people are aware of the governance framework and standard process, guidance and templates that support the way we go to work; and annual change window to review the procedures, guidance and templates in both Hubs that support our project gateways to ensure that all content within the iGMS is up to date and accurate.    PRINCIPLE FOUR OPPORTUNITYAND RISK (continued) DIGITAL Our digital technologies people. strategy is focused on reinvention of our engineering and ways of working, to drive operational improvement and construction projects, using digital and positive outcomes for our clients and We have now defined a clear vision for end-to-end digital delivery for the Group, called 'Project of the Future'. By institutionalising consistency in how we go to work, using integrated and collaborative ways of working and technology-enabled efficiencies, Project of the Future will deliver a new level of operational transparency, control and certainty on our projects and create a closed loop of data-driven decision making and continuous improvement. Thismirrors how more digitally advanced engineering and manufacturing enterprises operate. During the financial year we have focused on accelerating our transformation programme and our mission of becoming the construction sector's recognised leader for innovation and excellence through two strategic senior level appointments: Adrian Spragg as Global Head of Digital and Mike Bufalino as Group Chief Information Officer. These appointments bring insights from different industries and ensure we have strong digital and data leadership capabilities. Our clients are acknowledging and appreciating the differentiation and our drive to certainty that we can bring through digital. During the financial year the deployment and uptake of digital technologies and ways of working has continued to strengthen across all our projects, with strong buy-in from our clients and supply chain partners. As a result, we have been able to realise tangible outcomes for our clients, people and partners, which include: - Greater efficiencies for our people on the ground through digitisation of core processes such as design reviews; - Mitigation of construction risksand cost impacts through digital design for constructability; -Greater transparency for our clients through real-time operational insights and data-enabled cost management; and - Improvement in the digital maturity and efficiencies of our supply chain partners through coaching, digital integration, and ways of working. A key focus area for our Technical function is using digital technologies to deliver the right information, at the right time and to the right people. Thisis being delivered through our Design Partner Framework (DPF)which was developed in 2020 and embedded in 2021. The DPFenables our internal and external design teams to provide an integrated digital design exchange format to ensure that engineering design is complete and conflict free and that we align with the requirements of modern methods of construction (MMC). In that respect, digital is enabling us to deliver the targets that underpin our 70:60:30 MMC operating model of manufacturing 70% of a project offsite, and so improving productivity by 60% and achieving a 30% reduction in programme. It also underpins our drive to develop an engineered safety approach with the aim of zero safety incidents on site; to ensure high quality outcomes with zero defects; and to underpin our sustainability target of achieving operational net zero carbon by 2030 and net zero by 2050. In addition, we have also introduced innovation into how we engage with our design partners by standardising our terms of engagement, introducing incentivisation into design performance and measuring success across a number of parameters including key quality metrics such as completeness of design. Moving into FY23, we will continue to develop a strategic roadmap for, and to mobilise the digital vision, specifically the Project of the Future. In addition to this, we will deliver a digital program of work across the Group aimed at establishing a consistent digital blueprint for our projects as well as accelerating set up, digital acceleration in target Projects and best practice. PRINCIPLE FIVE REMUNERATION The Remuneration, Nomination and Governance Committee, chaired by the Chief Executive Officer has clearly defined terms of reference. Its main function is to make recommendations to the Board for the Group's remuneration structure and to align remuneration to the long-term sustainable success of the Group. Total Directors' remuneration is disclosed in note 5 to the financial statements.    PRINCIPLEFIVEREMUNERATION(continued) SUBSIDIARYCOMPANIES Remuneration of Directors of our subsidiary companies is based on their particular management role and responsibilities, rather than their appointment as a Director of a specific legal entity. Accordingly, remuneration of these Directors is reviewed and set by the Group Chief Executive Officer or Hub Managing Director on behalf of their employing subsidiary, considering any relevant input from the Remuneration, Nomination and Governance Committee. GENDER PAY GAP REPORTING Decisions around pay, promotion performing females. and reward are a critical pillar to ensuring we attract and retain high The Group has reported on its gender pay annually since 2017 and in April 2022 the Group published its latest gender pay report (our Gender Pay Report can be obtained from our website). We know that our Gender Pay Gap is largely driven by under-representation of women in senior management positions although Laing O' Rourke was able to report significant improvement in that respect with the appointment of two female Board members so that we now have women across many leadership roles including our CFO, Group Legal and Tax Director, Australian Managing Director, and heads of our Technical and People functions in both hubs. There was also significant improvement in our early talent recruitment which, through concerted efforts to attract and recruit more female candidates for our 2021 intake saw a graduate intake of 56% male and 44% female; summer and industrial placements that were 50:50 male and female; a professional apprenticeship intake of 45% female and an overall 9% increase in female new hires across the business in the year. We are confident that our recruitment schemes, pay governance and salary review processes ensure equal pay for the same role. We are continuing to work hard to increase the number of women in senior leadership roles as well as the number of women entering the industry at the start of their careers. For example, Laing O'Rourke has joined forces with Women into Construction and will adopt attraction and recruitment methods piloted on its Tideway project to inspire females into its Trade and Technical Apprenticeship programme. We are also working hard to ensure we support women's career development through our talent programmes so that women move up from entry into the industry to senior management. A significant opportunity to enable more women to reach senior levels in our business has been through embracing flexible and dynamic working models. Our commitment to sustainable high performance provides a framework for both men and women to increase their energy and capacity through working and living in a more sustainable way. This has led to many changes in how people on projects work, thereby making the construction industry a more attractive prospect to women. This focus and our continued focus on MMC leads the Group to have confidence in the ability to bring more women into senior roles in the coming years. PRINCIPLESIX STAKEHOLDERRELATIONSHIPSAND ENGAGEMENT The Board collectively - and its Directors individually - are clear that relationships with stakeholders are an essential part of the foundation of the business. Effective and meaningful engagement with stakeholders requires regular dialogue. An understanding of stakeholder groups and their interests enables the business to take account and concerns, allowing for the creation of value for all.    PRINCIPLE SIX STAKEHOLDERRELATIONSHIPSAND ENGAGEMENT (continued) STAKEHOLDER GROUP HOW WE ENGAGE HOW THISSTAKEHOLDERGROUP INFLUENCEDBOARD/ COMMITTEE DISCUSSIONSAND DECISIONS OUR CLIENTS We have continued the drive for early engagement with our clients prior to any firm contractual engagement in order to better understand clients' needs, challenges, expectations, and priorities. Through early engagement Laing O'Rourke is better able to showcase its experience and capability so that it can cement its position as trusted advisor. Another key component of client engagement is engaging with key client influencers such as design and cost consultants and industry bodies so that we are better able to demonstrate Laing O'Rourke's delivery model and capabilities. The way in which we engage with clients is strategically planned with a menu of activities deployed as appropriate to strengthen our relationships with clients and showcase our experience such as capability workshops, site tours, including of our off-site manufacturing facilities, presentations, and events. During Covid-19 restrictions, we were able to continue to undertake these activities in the virtual space with much success. We also undertake twice-yearly client surveys with our clients where we have an active project, using the survey to continuously improve our performance and strive for excellence. Client survey results and actions ore provided to the executive each quarter and are carefully tracked to drive better performance. In addition to client surveys, we also undertake detailed review, including client feedback, on tender submissions whether won or lost to ensure that lessons learned are token into subsequent tenders with the aim of further improving our bid success rate. Client relationships are managed using a client relation management (CRM) platform called Salesforce which underwent an upgrade during FY22.Our upgraded Salesforce platform allows us to maintain insights into sectors, our level of engagement, strength of relationship and commercial metrics. The Board consistently maintains a client lens to ensure that our propositions ore valued by our clients and that the business is informed by client needs. An enduring fundamental is that client feedback is actively sought across all levels of our client, this is obtained from a diversity of relationships at all levels of influence in the buying decision from Director and onward. Feedback ranges from informal to formal through regular client surveys, participation in client-initiated industry engagement processes and feedback post tender. Feedback is consolidated via our relationship analytics platforms and considered by the Board when evaluating sector strategies and the fundamentals of business plans, particularly the veracity of sales and revenue forecasts. The Laing O'Rourke transformation agenda and value proposition was also developed, thoroughly tested with our clients, and endorsed by the board. Simultaneously our clients continue to express an urgency for sustainable outcomes. Our sustainability and environmental commitment is industry leading which coupled with our responsible decision making informs client selection and offering. The Group Executive Committee and board focus for the year was further embedding early engagement with our clients, embedding the updated and simplified client engagement platform, and ensuring a feedback loop through tender processes to improve tender conversion processes. The Board and Group Executive Committee maintain oversight of opportunity selection through sector strategy endorsement and business plan review. They also maintain oversight of the application of opportunity development through gateway decision points which form part of our overall project governance process and through regular review of key performance indicators including client feedback, application of opportunity conversion processes and return on investment metrics.    GROUP HOW WE ENGAGE HOW THISSTAKEHOLDERGROUP INFLUENCEDBOARD/ COMMITTEE DISCUSSIONSAND DECISIONS OUR CLIENTS ( continued) We also undertook an annual sector strategy review assessing the attractiveness of end markets. The analysis is comprehensive and considers sector growth, competitive dynamics, clients' approach to procurement and industry sustainability. Continued government investment in infrastructure to stimulate the economy during and post the Covid-19 pandemic has increased our emphasis on the economic infrastructure sector. The sector strategies are considered and ultimately endorsed by the Board. Focus clients are determined from fit with sector strategies, our relationships and our ability to develop a differentiated proposition. We have continued to develop our value proposition, "delivering certainty through the power of experience", through deep interaction with our clients. In respect of focus opportunities with our target clients, we have undertaken a detailed ranking exercise to prioritise our work winning investment on an opportunity-cost basis. Thisis regulated by the Executive in both hubs to ensure diversity, and hence resilience, is maintained across geography, end market, contract size and client type. The focus opportunities then form the basis of our business planning endorsed by the Board. In addition, we maintain an ancillary list of opportunities to provide resilience in the event that opportunities depart from assumptions taken into the business plan (for example, where projects are cancelled, delayed or there is a change in scale). Each opportunity was subject to a detailed "strategy to win" process that concludes with an executive endorsement to participate in the formal tender process. The process solidifies our differentiated proposition considering detailed analysis of the spectrum of criteria that lead to success.    TAKEHOLDER GROUP HOW WE ENGAGE HOW THISSTAKEHOLDERGROUP INFLUENCEDBOARD/ COMMITTEE DISCUSSIONSAND DECISIONS OUR CLIENTS ( continued) Market dynamics, especially complexity projects and price escalation, are such that clients have moved to collaborative forms of contract, such as alliances and incentivised target cost, with procurement via a process more heavily weighted to capability selection. Continuing Covid-19 restrictions have meant that this evaluation has taken place via virtual means, using digital platforms, mural and animations. These have been found to improve engagement with our clients. of OUR PEOPLE Thisyear, due to the ongoing effects of the Covid-19 pandemic, the Group continued to prioritise communication, engagement, and support for our workforce through: - Regular communications leaders; from senior - Continuation of the use of toolkits for managers to ensure the cascade of consistent information to teams in a personalised manner; and - Further interactive Q&A sessionswith our people using "LOR Live" attended by our People in person and remotely; the use of our internal social media channel on Yammer; Laing O'Rourke's intra-net; townhall sessionsacross the business; and project visits with leadership briefings. In the last year, a new "Guns" cohort of future leaders has been selected to take part in our leadership programme alongside Young Guns which has commenced to develop talent at mid-level. We have also been working on improving the promotion and career development process with checklists and handbooks developed to provide a more transparent, consistent and clear pathway for our people to use. Safety and wellbeing continued to be a top priority for the Board and our Executive committees during the year. The focus has been on ensuring high quality, clear communication with our people, with an emphasis on supporting safety and wellbeing, including mental health, in recognition of the ongoing challenges presented by the effects of the pandemic. We have also taken our learnings around dynamic working from the height of the pandemic and embedded this into our working model as we returned to the office after government mandated Covid-19 restrictions were lifted. We undertook a listening exercise to understand our people's experience of working for Laing O'Rourke to evolve our purpose and define our values. Once again, we conducted an Employee Engagement survey (in November 2021) to listen to our people and ensure we understand how our people feel about working at Laing O'Rourke. Whilst the overall engagement score was marginally down on the previous year, it was in line with global trends in the industry. Accordingly, we have identified two areas for improvement, where both hubs of the business have been developing action plans across all units and functions in the business: career development and reward and recognition. In addition, each unit and function are developing their own bespoke action plans to address issuesidentified within their areas of the business. OUR SUPPLIERS An important aspect of our engagement with suppliers was updating the Laing O'Rourke global Code of Conduct to enhance our governance and controls around engaging with our supply chain. Equally important has been messaging our supply chain about the Code of Conduct principles and then ensuring that our supply chain partners both read and acknowledge that they have read the terms and signed up to the Code. The Board is fully involved in engagement with our supply chain and network of preferred suppliers. The Board especially recognises our supply chain is a key component and partner in enabling Laing O'Rourke to drive our key strategic objectives, including safety and sustainability. Regular updates on significant activities and developments within our supply chain are provided the Board and our Executive Committees; and are considered when setting and approving annual budgets and performance targets and making long term strategic decisions.    OUR SUPPLIERS ( continued) In the European Hub we had our annual suppliers conference in October 2021. Attendance was even better than prior year with almost 300 suppliers attending the conference over the two days. The two key themes of the conference were safety and sustainability. Laing O' Rourke also handed out awards at the conference to recognise excellence in sustainability, safety and innovation. In respect of safety, we particularly looked at engineered safety which has resulted in the production of the Laing O'Rourke Minimum Requirements, which are based on engineered safety solutions to specific issues (for example, in connection with safe lifting of materials on site). We first encouraged and have now mandated that our supply chain enrol in the Supply Chain Sustainability School to achieve a sustainability accreditation. Thisis particularly key when looking at embedded carbon in our built environment where we need our supply chain to understand and engage with us in calculating the carbon embedded into the materials we use. Over the course of the year, we have also investigated and implemented mitigation plans to address the major systemic issuesfacing the industry from the perspective of price inflation, labour shortages in certain key trades and geographical areas, and the supply of materials. Senior leaders have been very closely involved in heading up special attention reviews into mitigation measures for systemic issuesconfronting the industry which include the effects of the war in Ukraine on steel plate supply. Laing O'Rourke's Board and Executive have supported, and reviewed, measures instigated to protect the business from the market headwinds which emerged during the last year including hedging on energy, bulk ordering of materials and leveraging supply chain relationships to secure supply and contractual measures to manage and flow down risk. OUR FINANCIERS The Group operates strict controls over working capital and cash management, engaging proactively on these controls with its financiers. A regular and transparent reporting dialogue is maintained with lenders, including regular update calls and touch points, visits to our project and manufacturing sites, strategy briefings, general business updates and reporting against agreed financial performance metrics. All our financiers have direct access if needed Chief Financial Officer, who is appointed to the Board and attends meetings of the Executive Committees. Thisensures that the Directors and our senior leaders are kept regularly informed of developments with our financiers and that their views are taken properly into account when making relevant operational and strategic decisions.    STAKEHOLDERGROUP HOW WE ENGAGE HOW THISSTAKEHOLDERGROUP INFLUENCEDBOARD/ COMMITTEE DISCUSSIONSAND DECISIONS COMMUNITY AND ENVIRONMENT How we engage with our community and environment is set out within our Community and Sustainability report on pages 36 to 44 of the Laing O'Rourke Corporation Limited Annual Report for FY22. Please refer to the Sustainability statement on pages 36 to 44 of the Laing O'Rourke Corporation Limited Annual Report for FY22. GOVERNMENT AND REGULATORY BODIES We are a strategic supplier to the government and both directly and through industry trade bodies, the UK's Construction Leadership Council (CLC) and Build UK,we have regular dialogue with officials at the Department for Business,Energy and Industrial Strategy (BEIS),the Cabinet Office and beyond. During the financial year, this dialogue was focused on navigating the Covid-19 pandemic, ensuring construction activity continued safely and supported national economic recovery. We also maintained dialogue with central UK government departments responsible for delivery of specific infrastructure projects, including the Department of Health and Social Care (DHSC)for hospitals, the Department for Education (DfE) for schools and BEIS. We are committed to developing and maintaining open and effective working relationships with regulatory bodies relevant to our business. Where appropriate, these relationships are managed by senior leaders in our executive team. Our regular dialogue with government and regulatory bodies ensures that the Board and our Executive Committees are briefed on and, where appropriate, can influence the potential impact of significant developments on government policy, procurement routes and changes to laws and regulations. RISK The Directors of Laing O'Rourke Corporation Limited manage risk for the Group as a whole, rather than for individual entities. For this reason, the Company's Directors believe that analysis of Laing O'Rourke Services Limited 's risks should be viewed in the context of the Laing O'Rourke Corporation Limited Group. The principal risks and uncertainties of the Laing O'Rourke Corporation Limited Group, which include those of Laing O'Rourke Services Limited, are discussed in the Laing O'Rourke Corporation Limited Group's annual review which does not form part of this report. The Directors of Laing O'Rourke Corporation Limited manage the Group's operations on a divisional basis. For this reason, the Company's Directors believe that analysis using key performance indicators should be viewed in the context of the Laing O'Rourke Corporation Limited Group. The performance, position and future development of the Europe Hub of the Laing O' Rourke Corporation Limited Group, which include those of Laing O'Rourke Services Limited are discussed in the Laing O' Rourke Corporation Limited Group's annual review which does not form part of this report. Copies of the Laing O'Rourke Corporation Limited consolidated financial statements are available at www.laingorourke.com/company/governance/annual-report.
