   Statement of corporate governance arrangements The Company aligns its business to ensure its fra111ework is abiding by the six Wates principles for large private comparues. The Company has used these principles under the following areas (which are detailed further through the Directors Report and Strategic Report) and there have been no instances of explicit departure from the below: • Clear purpose and leadership - the Company strategy for growth and development is communicated throughout the organisation, ensuring transparency of goals, policies and direction for the Company and promoting a healthy corporate culture; • High quality board and Senior Management team composition and a focus on diversity and a wealth of experience in the sector; • Positive relationships between the Company, shareholders and stake.holders -. this is completed through . frequent communication/meetings with the shareholder whereby company policies/practices, future developments and agreement on strategy is completed. Along wtth this, key suppliers and customers are also in communication with the various internal teams to foster this· relationship and continue to provide/receive a high level of service; and • Remuneration which is proportionate and supports long-term success. • The Board is comprised of one director, who is highly experienced in the sector in which the Company operates. The Director also delegates elements of governance of the Company to the highly skilled Senior Management tearri, whom oversee the various divisions within the Company and are responsible for reporting to the Director frequently on any issues which arise. This is done via the occurrence of at least quarterly meetings. • Risk is managed by ensuring that there is transparency throughout the organisation on historical performance, current activities and future strategic direction. Open communication between the Company and stakeholders ensure that.future risks are foresee to the most extent possible, and mitigated via reasonable measures which are decided upon between the director and Senior Management team'. The Company is subject to the review of each of the relevant committees established in its Parent Company "Fattal Holdings (1998)"; there are also frequent executive meetings held which cover areas such as audit and corporate responsibility. ·The Company remains committed to maintaining high standards of corporate governance led by and directed by the Board of Director.
