   Compliance with Code provisions The Board confirms that the Company has complied with the provisions set out in the Wates Corporate Governance Principles for Large Private Companies (the 'Code') insofar as relevant to it throughout the year ended 31 December 2021.    Given the reciprocal nature of the relationship between the Company and LMAL, the Board gains assurances from the governance processes in place at that entity. The risk and control framework that applies to the Company is the same as that of LMAL and the Board also gains assurance from the processes operated there in discharging its duties. Principle 1 - Purpose and leadership At Liberty, we believe progress happens when people feel secure. We exist to help people embrace today and confidently pursue tomorrow. We promise protection for the unexpected, delivered with care. This includes how we interact with our customers, employees and our other stakeholders. The Board has made a number of strategic decisions through the year which align to this purpose. The Board oversees the culture of the Company via culture reporting to the LMAL Board and it raises any concerns during meetings. The Board is responsible for promoting the long-term success of the Company for the benefit of its members as a whole, taking into account other stakeholders as defined by Section 172 of the Companies Act 2006 and the Articles of Association. Principle 2 - Board composition The Board composition, consisting of two Executive Directors, is deemed to be appropriate for the size, scale and nature of the business of the Company, taking into account its reliance on LMAL, allowing for effective challenge. The directors have equal voting rights when making decisions and all directors have access to the advice and services of the Company Secretary. Principle 3 - Director responsibilities The Board is responsible for the governance of the company. The Board held three scheduled meetings this year, plus had a number of ad hoc meetings to discuss specific items. The Board is responsible for reviewing the effectiveness of the Company's financial systems and internal controls. Via the LMAL Audit Committee, it is made aware of the work of the Company's internal audit function. The Company's financial reporting is currently externally audited by Ernst & Young on an annual basis. The Board is responsible for the oversight of risk. Via the LMAL Risk Management Committee, it is privy to and can challenge as appropriate the Company's risk appetite and risk profile, the effectiveness of the Company's risk management framework, relevant aspects of the annual Compliance plan and monitoring the Company's regulatory activities. The Board ensures there is a formal and transparent procedure in respect of appointments to it. It further ensures that appointees have the appropriate skills, experience and qualifications to discharge their duties effectively. • The LMAL Remuneration Committee is responsible for setting the remuneration policy and practices across LMAL and the employees of other LSM entities who are seconded to or underwrite on its behalf, determining the total individual remuneration of the Company and LMAL Executive Board Members, LMAL Senior Management Function (SMF) holders with the PRA (a person who has been approved by the UK regulators to perform a senior management function under the Senior Managers & Certification Regime) and determining the total individual remuneration package of LMAL Solvency II identified Staff including basic salary and short-and long-term incentive awards. Principle 4 - Opportunity and Risk The role of the Board is to promote the long-term sustainable success of the company, generating value for its shareholder within a framework of prudent and effective controls, which enable risks to be assessed and managed.    LSM operates a risk management framework that covers.the operations of Syndicate 4472 and LMAL's syndicate management activities. This forms an integral part of the management and Board processes and decision-making framework, aligned to the Group's risk management framework. The key elements of the risk management framework comprise risk appetite, risk governance, including risk policies, risk oversight committees and working groups and roles and responsibilities; and the processes the Company uses to identify, measure, manage, monitor and report risk, including the use of risk models and stress and scenario testing. The risk and control framework that applies to the Company is the same as that of Syndicate 4472 and LMAL. The Board of the Company gains assurance from the governance processes operated there, with any separate aspects such as tax considered specifically by the Company Board. The Company has instructed LMAL that it will not accept risks that materially impair the reputation of the Company and requires that customers are always treated with integrity. More detail on the Company's principal risks and uncertainties can be found in the Strategic Report. Principle 5 - Remuneration The Company's staff are seconded to it by other service companies in LSM. As part of LSM, staff enjoy comprehensive flexible benefit offerings which include a wide range of Lifestyle, Financial Planning, Health & Wellbeing benefits. The Remuneration Committee annually reviews and confirms to the Board that the Remuneration Policy is designed and operates to ensure incentives are aligned with prudent risk taking. The LMAL Remuneration Committee reviews the gender pay gap as published by Liberty Specialty Markets Limited which can be found at https://www.libertyspecialtymarkets.com/careers/diversity-inclusion-wellbeing/gender-pay More detail on the Company's net operating expenses, including auditor remuneration, Directors' remuneration costs retained by the Company, Directors' pension, Directors' emolument, and staff costs can be found in the 'Notes to the Financial Statements'.    Principle 6 - Stakeholders Details about stakeholders can be found in the section 172 statement in the Strategic Report.
