   Corporate Governance Statement In accordance with the Large and Medium-sized Companies and Groups (Accounts and Reports) Regulations 2008 (as amended by the Companies (Miscellaneous Reporting) Regulations 2018) (the 'Regulations'), for the year ended 31 December 2021, the Bank has in its corporate governance arrangements applied the Wates Corporate Governance Principles for Large Private Companies (the 'Principles'), which are available at www.frc.org.uk. The following section explains the Bank's approach to corporate governance, and its application of the Principles. Fundamental to the Bank's strategy are high standards of corporate governance. A Corporate Governance Framework is in place for Lloyds R;inl<ing Group, thi> R:mk, Rank of Scotland pie and HROS pie, with all four companies sharing a common appmach to governanr.e. Thi" framework is designed to meet the specific needs of each company, setting the wider approach and applicable standards in respect of the Bank's corporate governance practices, including addressing the matters set out in the Principles and the governance requirements of the operation of the Bank, as part of Lloyds Banking Group's Ring Fenced Bank. This includes the matters reserved to the Board, and the matters the Board has chosen to delegate to management, including decision making on operational matters such as those relating to credit, liquidity, and the day-to-day management of risk. Governance arrangements, including the Corporate Governance Framework, are reviewed periodically to ensure they remain fit for purpose. The Board delegates further responsibilities to the Group Chief Executive, who is supported by the Group Executive Committee, the composition of which is detailed on pages 74 to 75 of the Lloyds Banking Group Annual Report and Accounts for 2021. The Corporate Governance Framework of the Bank further addresses the requirements of the Principles as discussed on pages 11 to 12. Board and Committee composition and Board attendance in 2021 12 Board Member Board Nomination Committee Audit Committee Board Risk Committee Remuneration Committee Robin Budenberg 1 10/10 (C) 6/6 (C) 2/2 6/6 Charlie Nunn 2 Sir Antonio Horta-Os6rio 4 William Chalmers 3 4/4 3/3 10/10 Alan Dickinson 5 10/10 6/6 6/6 8/8 6/6 (C) Sarah Bentley Brendan Gilligan Nigel Hinshelwood Sarah Legg 10/10 10/10 10/10 10/10 2/2 8/8 8/8 6/6 6/6 6/6 6/6 6/6 6/6 (C) 8/8 Lord Lupton 1 Amanda Mackenzie 1 • 6 7 Harmeen Mehta 8 Nick Prettejohn 10/10 10/10 2/2 7/7 4/4 4/4 2/2 2/2 6/6 6/6 5/5 Stuart Sinclair 1 • 5 • 9 Sara Weller 1 • 10 Catherine Woods 8/10 11 11 5/6 2/2 2/2 2/2 8/8 (C) 4/6 11 4/4 4/4 10/10 6/6 6/6 (C) Chair The Board Risk Committee was reconstituted with effect from 29 March 2021 to streamline that Committee's membership. With effect from 29 March 2021, the Committee comprised Catherine Woods (Chair), Alan Dickinson, Sarah Legg and, until his retirement from the Board, Nick Prettejohn. 2 Charlie Nunn joined the Board on 16 August 2021. 3 Sir Ant6nio Horta-Os6rio retired from the Board on 30 April 2021. 4 William Chalmers, Chief Financial Officer, was acting Group Chief Executive from when Sir Ant6nio Horta•Os6rio retired on 30 April 2021 and until Charlie Nunn's appointment to the Board on 16August2021. 5 Alan Dickinson succeeded Stuart Sinclair as Chair of the Remuneration Committee on 24 November 2021. 6 8 9 10 11 12 Amanda Mackenzie joined the Nomination Committee on 23 June 2021. Harmeen Mehta joined the Board on 1 November 2021. Nick Prettejohn retired from the Board on 30 September 2021. Stuart Sinclair plans to retire from the Board at the AGM in May 2022. Sara Weller retired from the Board on 20 May 2021. Unable to attend some meetings due to medical reasons. Where a Director is unable to attend a meeting he/she receives papers in advance and has the opportunity to provide comments to the Chair of the Board or to the relevant Committee Chair.    Principle One - Purpose and Leadership The Board is collectively responsible for the long term success of the Bank. It achieves this by agreeing the Bank's strategy, within the wider strategy of Lloyds Banking Group, and overseeing delivery against it. The Bank's strategy is discussed further in the Strategic Report. The Board also assumes responsibility for the management of the culture, values and wider standards of the Bank, within the equivalent standards set by Lloyds Banking Group. The Board's understanding of stakeholders' interests is central to these responsibilities and informs key aspects of Board decision making. Acknowledging the needs of all stakeholders is fundamental to the way the Bank operates, as is maintaining the highest standards of business conduct, which along with ensuring delivery for customers is a vital part of the corporate culture. The Bank's approach is further influenced by the need to build a culture in which everyone feels included, empowered and inspired to do the right thing for customers. To this end, the Board plays a lead role in establishing, promoting, and monitoring the Bank's corporate culture and values, with the Corporate Governance Framework ensuring such matters receive the level of prominence in Board and Executive decision making which they require. The Bank's corporate culture and values align to those of Lloyds Banking Group, which are discussed in more detail on page 80 of the Lloyds Banking Group Annual Report and Accounts for 2021. Principle Two - Board Composition The Bank is led by a Board comprising a Non-Executive Chair, independent Non-Executive Directors and Executive Directors, further details of the Directors can be found on page 14. The Board considers its composition regularly and is committed to ensuring it has the right balance of skills and experience. The Board considers its current size and composition is appropriate to the Bank's circumstances. The Board places great emphasis on ensuring its membership reflects diversity in its broadest sense. New appointments are made on merit, taking account of the specific skills and experience, independence and knowledge needed to ensure a rounded board and the diversity benefits each candidate can bring overall. There are a range of initiatives across Lloyds Banking Group to help ensure unbiased career progression opportunities. Progress on diversity objectives is monitored by the Board and built into its assessment of executive performance. The Board is supported by its committees, the operation of which are discussed below, which make recommendations to the Board on matters delegated to them, in particular in relation to internal control, risk, financial reporting and remuneration matters. Each committee has written terms of reference setting out its delegated responsibilities. Each committee comprises Non-Executive Directors with appropriate skills and experience and is chaired by an experienced chairman. The committee Chairs report to the Board at the next Board meeting. The Board undertakes a periodic review of its effectiveness, which provides an opportunity to consider ways of identifying greater efficiencies, ways to maximise strengths and highlights areas of further development. Given the appointment of a new Group Chief Executive in August 2021 and the development of the Bank's ongoing strategy within the wider Lloyds Banking Group, the Board agreed that an evaluation of its effectiveness would be conducted in 2022 to allow the review to cover the Board's effectiveness in overseeing these developments. Principle Three - Director Responsibilities The Directors assume ultimate responsibility for all matters, and along with senior management are committed to maintaining a robust control framework as the foundation for the delivery of gooc.Jyuvemd11ct:, induding the effective management of delegation through the Corporale Governance Framework. Policies are also in place in relation to potential conflicts of interest which may arise. All Directors have access to the sen,ic:esof the Company Sec:retary,;ind independent rrnfp55iom1I advice is available tn the Direr.tnr5 at the exrense nf Lloyd~ B,mking Gm11r. where they judge it necessary to discharge their duties as directors. The Board is supported by its committees which make recommendations on matters delegated to them under the Corporate Governance Framework. The management of all committees is in keeping with the basis on which meetings of the Board are managed, with open debate, and adequate time for members to consider proposals which are put forward. The Chair of the Board and each Board committee assumes responsibility with support from the Company Secretary for the provision to each meeting of accurate and timely information. Principle Four - Opportunity and Risk The Board oversees the development and implementation of the Bank's strategy, within the context of the wider strategy of Lloyds Banking Group, which includes consideration of all strategic opportunities. The Board is also responsible for the long term sustainable success of the Bank, generating value for its shareholders and ensuring a positive contribution to society. The Board agrees the Bank's culture, purpose, values and stnIte9y. within that of Lloyds F.lankinCJ<irn, 1r. and agrees thP rPlatPd standards of the Bank, again within the relev;int st;mcfarcls of l.lnyrl5 Banking Group. Further specific aims and objectives of the Board are formalised within the Corporate Governance Framework, which also sets out the matters reserved for the Board. Strong risk management is central to the strategy of the Bank, which along with a robust risk control framework acts as the found1Jtion for the delivery of effective management of risk. The Board agrees the Bank's risk appetite and ensures the Bank manages risk effectively, delegating related authorities to individuals through the Corporate Governance Framework and the further management hierarchy. Board level engagement coupled with the direct involvement of senior management in risk issues ensures that escalated issues are promptly addressed, and remediation plans are initiated where required. The Bank's risk appetite, principles, policies, procedures, controls and reporting are managed in conjunction with those of Lloyds Banking Group, and as such are regularly reviewed to ensure they remain fully in line with regulations, law, corporate governance and industry best practice. The Bank's principal risks are discussed further on pages 6 to 8. Principle Five - Remuneration The Remuneration Committee of the Board, in conjunction with the Remuneration Committee of Lloyds Banking Group (the 'Remuneration Committees'), assume responsibility for the Bank's approach to remuneration. This includes reviewing and making recommendations on remuneration policy as relevant to the Bank, ranging from the remuneration of Directors and members of the Executive to that of all other colleagues employed by the Bank. This includes colleagues where the regulators require the Bank to implement a specific approach to their remuneration, such as Senior Managers and other material risk takers. The activities of the Remuneration Committees extend to matters of remuneration relevant to subsidiaries of the Bank, where such subsidiary does not have its own remuneration committee. Certain members of the Lloyds Banking Group Executive, including the Group People and Property Director, are authorised to act upon the decisions made by the Remuneration Committees, and to undertake such other duties relevant to remuneration as delegated to them. Principle Six - Stakeholders The COVID-19 pandemic continued to have an effect on the way we live, including on the Bank's many stakeholders. The Board has monitored the impact of the pandemic on the Group's and Bank's business and its stakeholders, seeking to ensure that the challenges posed by the pandemic were addressed. The Board considered related updates from management as events unfolded, covering matters including the continued impact on customers, colleagues, suppliers and other stakeholders, approving suitable action as required.    The Bank as part of Lloyds Banking Group operates under Lloyds Banking Group's wider Responsible Business approach, which acknowledges that the Bank has a responsibility to help address the economic, social and environmental challenges which the UK faces, and as part of this understand the needs of the Bank's external stakeholders, including in the development and implementation of strategy. Central to this is Lloyds Banking Group's Helping Britain Prosper plan, in which the Bank participates. During the the year there was a focus on the response to COVID, and Helping Britain Recover. This involved bringing together many of the Board's key stakeholders, to determine how the Bank could best support the recovery from the pandemic, the outcomes of this initiative being set out on pages 26 to 29 of the Lloyds Banking Group Annual Report and Accounts for 2021. In 2021 the Responsible Business Committee of Lloyds Banking Group provided further oversight and support of Lloyds Banking Group's and the Bank's plans for embedding responsible business in the Banks' core purpose. The approach of the Board in respect of its key stakeholders is described further in a separate statement made in compliance with the Regulations on pages 2 to 4. Directors The names of the current Directors are shown on page 14. Changes to the composition of the Board since 1 January 2021 up to the date of this report are shown in the table below. Joined the Board Left the Board Charlie Nunn 16 August 2021 Harmeen Mehta 1 November 2021 Lord Blackwell 1 January 2021 Sir Antonio Horta-Osorio 30 April 2021 Sara Weller 20 May 2021 Nick Prettejohn 30 September 2021 Stuart Sinclair will retire as a director of the Bank at the forthcoming Lloyds Banking Group AGM. Directors' indemnities The Directors of the Bank, including the former Directors who retired during the year, have entered into individual deeds of indemnity with Lloyds Banking Group pie which constitute 'qualifying third party indemnity provisions' for the purposes of the Companies Act 2006. The deeds indemnify the Directors to the maximum extent permitted by law and remain in force. The deeds were in force during the whole of the financial year or from the date of appointment in respect of the Directors appointed in 2021. In addition, Lloyds Banking Group pie had appropriate Directors' and Officers' liability insurance cover in place throughout 2021. Deeds for existing Directors are available for inspection at the Bank's registered office. Lloyds Banking Group pie has also granted deeds of indemnity by deed poll and by way of entering into individual deeds, which constitute 'qualifying third party indemnity provisions' to the Directors of the Group's subsidiary companies, including former Directors who retired during the year, and to colleagues subject to the provisions of the Senior Managers and Certification Regime. Such deeds were in force during the financial year ended 31 December 2021 and remain in force as at the date of this report. Qualifying pension scheme indemnities have also been granted to the Trustees of Lloyds Banking Group's Pension Schemes, including those schemes relevant to the Bank, which were in force for the whole of the financial year and remain in force as at the date of this report. Information required under DTR 7.2 Certain information is incorporated into this report by reference. Information about internal control and risk management systems relating to the financial reporting process can be found on page 9. Information about share capital is shown in note 31 on page 152. The Bank is a wholly owned subsidiary of Lloyds Banking Group pie, which holds all of the Bank's issued ordinary share capital. The Directors manage the business of the Bank under the powers set out in the Companies Act 2006 and the Bank's articles of association, these powers include those in relation to the issue or buy back of the Bank's shares. The appointment and retirement of Directors is governed by the Bank's articles of association and the Companies Act 2006. The Bank's articles of association may only be amended by a special resolution of the shareholders in a general meeting. Conflicts of interest The Board has a comprehensive procedure for reviewing, and as permitted by the Companies Act 2006 and the Bank's articles of association, approving actual and potential conflicts of interest. Directors have a duty to notify the Chair and Company Secretary as soon as they become aware of actual or potential conflict situations. Changes to commitments of all Directors are reported to the Board and a register of directors' interests is regularly reviewed and authorised by the Board to ensure the authorisation status remains appropriate. Lord Lupton is a senior adviser to Greenhill Europe, an investment bank focused on providing financial advice on significant mergers, acquisitions, restructurings, financings and capital raising to corporations, partnerships, institutions and governments. The Board has recognised that potential conflicts may arise as a result of these positions. The Board has authorised the potential conflicts and requires Lord Lupton to recuse himself from discussions, should the need arise. Branches, future developments and financial risk management objectives and policies The Bank provides a wide range of banking and financial services through branches and offices in the UK and overseas. Information regarding future developments and financial risk management objectives and policies of the Group in relation to the u5e of fin.:inci.:il instruments that would otherwise be required to be disclosed in the Directors' report, and which is incorporated into this report by reference, can be found in the Strategic Report. Share capital Information about share capital is shown in note 31 on page 152. This information is incorporated into this report by reference. The Bank did not repurchase any of its shares during 2021 (2020: none). There are no restrictions on the transfer of shares in the Bank other than as set out in the articles of association and certain restrictions which may from time to time be imposed by law and regulations.    Change of control The Bank is not party to any significant agreements which take effect, alter or terminate upon a change of control of the Bank following a takeover bid. There are no agreements between the Bank and its Directors or employees providing compensation for loss of office or employment that occurs because of a takeover bid. Research and development activities During the ordinary course of business the Bank develops new products and services within the business units. Supporting disability As part of Lloyds Banking Group, the Bank has the ambition of supporting our colleagues with disabilities and long-term health conditions to be the best that they can be, and to be valued for who they are. Lloyds Banking Group holds the Business Disability Forum Gold Standard accreditation and has retained Disability Confident status from the Department for Work and Pensions. Bespoke training, career development and adjustments for colleagues and applicants with disabilities, including those who became disabled while employed. Information incorporated by reference The following additional information forms part of the Directors' Report, and is incorporated by reference. Content Pages Disclosures required under the Large and Medium-sized Companies and Groups (Accounts and Reports) Regulations 2008 _S_t_a_te_m_en_t_o_f_e_m_p_lo_y_e_e_e_n_g_a_g_e_m_en_t_____________ Statement of other stakeholder engagement 3_to_4_ 3 to 4 Significant contracts Details of related party transactions are set out in note 38 on pages 158 to 160.
