  Approach to corporate governance In accordance with the "Large and Medium-sized Companies and Group (Accounts and Reports) Regulations 2008 (as amended by the Companies (Miscellaneous Reporting) Regulations 2018)" (the Regulations), for the year ended 31 December 2021, the Bank and Group has in its corporate governance arrangements applied the Wates Corporate Governance Principles for Large Private Companies (the Principles) which are available at frc.org.uk. The following section explains the Bank's approach to corporate governance, and its application of the Principles. Fundamental to the Bank and Group's strategy are high standards of corporate governance. A Corporate Governance Framework is in place for the Bank, which sets the approach and applicable standards in respect of the Bank's corporate governance arrangements whilst addressing the matters set out in the Principles. This includes the matters reserved to the Board, and the matters the Board has chosen to delegate to management, including decision making on operational matters such as those relating to credit, liquidity and the day-to-day management of risk, and the governance requirements of the operation of the Bank as an entity outside of LBG's Ring Fenced Bank. Governance arrangements, including the Corporate Governance Framework, are reviewed at least annually to ensure they remain fit for purpose. The Corporate Governance Framework of the Bank further addresses the requirements of the Principles as follows. Principle One - Purpose and Leadership The Board is collectively responsible for the long-term success of the Bank. It achieves this by agreeing the Bank's strategy, within the wider strategy of LBG, and overseeing delivery against it. The Bank's strategy is discussed further in the Strategic report on pages 1 to 13. The Board also assumes responsibilities for setting the culture, values and wider standards of the Bank, within the equivalent standards set by LBG. During the year, the COVID-19 pandemic continued to have a profound effect on the way we live and as the pandemic restrictions began to be lifted the Board responded to the new ways of working ensuring virtual options were available at Board and Committee meetings to minimise risks for both Board members, attendees and colleagues. The Board continued to receive frequent COVID-19 updates from management (both formally and informally) covering matters such as the impact on customers, colleagues, suppliers and other stakeholders and on funding and liquidity. Consideration of the needs of all stakeholders is fundamental to the way the Bank operates, as is maintaining the highest standards of business conduct, which along with ensuring delivery for customers is a vital part of the corporate culture. The Bank's approach is further influenced by the need to build a culture in which everyone feels included, empowered and inspired to do the right thing for customers. To this end, the Board plays a lead role in establishing, promoting and monitoring the Bank's corporate culture and values, with the Corporate Governance Framework ensuring such matters receive the level of prominence in Board and Executive decision making which they require. The Board receives regular updates on the Group's culture including progress on the cultural transformation journey, which is closely aligned to those of LBG, which are discussed in more detail on page 80 of the LBG Annual Report and Accounts for 2021. Principle Two - Board Composition The Board is chaired by a Non-Executive member of the LBG Board and contains a balance of independent Non-Executive Directors, LBG executives (serving as Non-Executives) and Executive Directors. This composition supports its legal and regulatory requirements for independent decision making within the overall framework of LBG policies and controls. Further details of the directors can be found on page 19. There were a number of changes to the Board during the year, all of which were overseen by the Nomination and Governance Committee. Since the year end, .lohn J Cummins left the Board as Chair of the Board Risk Committee and we have announced the appointment of Rupert Mingay as his successor subject to regulatory approval. As disclosed in last year's Annual report, Christopher J K Edis left the Board as Chief Financial Officer to take up another position within LBG and was succeeded by Julienne C Daglish on 22 April 2021, who was well known to the Board as the Bank's Chief Risk Officer, Letitia M Smith resigned as Non-Executive Director on 4 June 2021 following her announcement that she    was retiring from LBG and was succeeded by Emma Lawrence on 7 June 2021 who is employed by LBG as Customer Management Director of the Retail Bank. The Nomination and Governance Committee continues to keep under review, on an ongoing basis, the structure, size and composition of the Board and its committees, making recommendations to the Board as appropriate. Consideration is given to the need to ensure the appropriate mix of knowledge, skills and experience, and diversity. The Board has adopted the LBG Board Diversity Policy and LBG Board Diversity Objectives as applicable to the Bank and reflecting the relative size of the Board. The Board has continued its commitment to maintaining at least two female board members so long as the board size is eight directors. Following the appointment of Eve A Henrikson in 2020, the board size increased to nine directors and with the appointment of Julienne C Daglish (to succeed Christopher J K Edis) and Emma L Lawrence (to succeed Letitia M Smith) the number of female directors has increased to four. Further, the Board supports the overall aspirations of the new FTSE Women Leaders Review, which has replaced the Hampton Alexander review and Parker Review goals reflecting that the Bank is a subsidiary and not a listed entity. The Board has .made progress on its diversity policy aspirations with Black, Asian or Minority Ethnic representation of 11_%at the year end. The Board will continue to take opportunities to increase ethnic diversity and the number of female board members over time where this is consistent with other skills and diversity ·requirements and is proportionate to the size of the Board and the· Bank. • ·- • • • • • - ••• ·Reflecting the size ~n-d compiexity of the l)usi~ess, the Board has ~stablished a·committee ;tr~ct~re.comprisin.g a Boaid Ris·kC:om-rnittee, Audit Committee, Remuneration Committee and Nomination and Governance Committee (Committees). The Committees make recommendations to • the Board on matters delegated to them, in particular in relation to internal control, risk, financial reporting and remuneration matters. Each Committee has written terms of reference setting out its delegated responsibilities and comprises independent Non-Executive Directors with • appropriate skills and experiences and chaired by an experienced Chair. The C:ommittee Chairs report to the Board at each Board meeting.· The Board undertakes an annual review of its effectiveness, which provides an opportunity to consider ways of identifying greater efficiencies, ways to maximise strengths and highlights areas of further development. During the year under review, Nomination and Governance Committee provided oversight of an internal review, conducted by the Company Secretary, of the effectiveness of the Board, its committees • and the individual directors having commissioned an ·external review during 2020. The internal ·review process included .a confidential open-ended questionnaire to the Board and Corrimittees, •a confidential Chair and peer review and a sho·rt pulse survey seeking views of the senior executive population providing an holistic review of performance. The internal evaluation included an appraisal of each· director and Lord ~upton, as Chair. The Senior Independent Director led the appraisal of the Bank's Chair. • • The internal evaluation concluded that the Board oversees the management of the Group effectively and has the appropriate skills and expertise to protect the interests of all stakeholders. Its directors benefit from diverse but complementary skills and experience in financial markets and institutions, technology and consumer-facing businesses in the UK and overseas, and all make valuable contributions to the Board. While the evaluation did not highlight any material weaknesses or concerns, it identified some areas of focus in the future, including: (1) finding more time on the Board agenda for open discussion of strategy/ forward-looking issues; (2) LBCM and LBG collaboration and relationships; (3) enhancing Board reporting and papers; and (4) technical training for directors in such areas as crypto currency and sustainability. The Board was pleased with the progress against the actions from the 2020 review. The internal Board evaluation also considered the activities of the Audit, the Board Risk, the Nomination and Governance, and Remuneration Committees. It concluded that the Committees were operating effectively, with the right balance of membership, experience and skills. Principle Three - Director Responsibilities The Board has established and maintains corporate governance practices that provide clear lines of accountability and responsibility to support effective decision-making through the Corporate Governance Framework. This also helps clarify the relationship between the Bank and its parent company in order to deliver long-term sustainable success. Policies are also in place in relation to potential conflicts of interest which may arise. All Directors have access to the services of the Company Secretary, and independent professional advice is available to the Directors atthe_ expense of LBG, wher~ they judge it necess~ry to disch;uge their d~ties as dire<::tors. The Board is supported by its committees which make reco_mmendations on matters delega~ed to them under the Corporate Governance framework. The management of all Committees is in keepir,g with the basis on which meetings of the Bo_ardare managed, with open.debate, and adequate time for members to consider proposals which are put forward. The Chair of the Board and each Board Committee assumes responsibility with support from the Company Secretary for the provision to each meeting of accurate and timely information. Principle Four - Opportunity and Risk The Board oversees the development and implementation of the Bank's strategy, within the context of the wider strategy of LBG. Consideration is given to strategic opportunities, and the Board's annual cycle of meetings includes sessions dedicated to debating strategic priorities and 'Extended business updates' into business areas and key risk areas, as well as one meeting focused on strategy. The Boa"rd is also responsible for the long-term sustainable success of the Bank, ensuring it generates value for its shareholder and delivers a positive contributi_on to society. The Board agrees the Bank's culture, purpose, val!-)es and _strategy within those set by LBG, and sets expectations for risk management, financial performance and reporting. The specific aims and objectives of the Board are formalised within the Bank's Corporate Governance Framework, which also sets out the key decisions and matters reserved for the Board's approval. Strong risk management is central to the Bank's strategy along with a robust risk control framework which acts as the foundation for sustainable business growth. The Board agrees the Bank's risk appetite, within the overarching risk appetite of LBG, and monitors the effectiveness of risk management with the support of the Board Risk Committee. Board level engagement, coupled with the direct involvement of senior management ensures that escalated risk issues are promptly addressed, and remediation plans are initiated where required. The· Bank's risk appetite, principles, policies, procedures, controls and reporting are managed in conjunction with those of LBG, and are regularly reviewed to ensure they remain fully in line with regulations, law, corporate governance and industry best practice. The Bank's principal risks are discussed further on pages 9 to 12. Principle Five - Remuneration The Remuneration Committee of the Board is responsible for reviewing and making recommendations to the Board on the remuneration policy for the Bank. This includes reviewing performance and approving remuneration arrangements ranging from the remuneration of directors and members of the Executive to that of all other colleagues where the regulators require the Bank to implement a specific approach to their remuneration, such as Senior Managers and other material risk takers. The activities of the Remuneration Committee extend to matters of remuneration relevant to subsidiaries of the Group, taking into account the principles, policies and governance requirements of LBG and the recommendations of LBG's Group Remuneration Committee.    Principle Six - Stakeholders The Bank, as part of LBG, operates under LBG's wider Responsible Business approach, which acknowledges that the Bank has a responsibility to help address the economic, social and environmental challenges which the UK faces, and as part of this understand the needs of the Bank's external stakeholders, including in the development and implementation of strategy. Central to this is LBG's Helping Britain Recover commitments, as part of the Helping Britain Prosper plan, in which the Bank participates, to help the UK, and stakeholders across the jurisdictions in which the Group operates, recover from the impact of COVID-19 as overseen by LBG's Responsible Business Committee. In 2021 LBG's Responsible Business Committee provided further oversight and support of LBG's and the Bank's plans for embedding responsible business in the Bank's core purpose and ensuring that the Helping Britain Recover commitments were fully embedded into business plans and that they remain flexible to respond to the changing needs. The workforce, as a key stakeholder, includes the Bank's permanent employees, contingent workers and third-party suppliers delivering services to customers and supporting key business operations. This also includes LBG colleagues providing services to the Bank under the Shared Service Model. The Board's approach to workforce engagement includes an arinual programm·e of engagement activity and oversight of policies on remuneration structures and practices that i:ake account of the broader operating context, including the p·ayand co"nditions of the wider workforce and the Bank's response to matters such as any gender pay gap.    Appointment and retirement of directors -The appointment of directors is governed by the Bank's articles of association and the Companies Act 2006. The Bank's articles of association mc1yu11lyl..,ean-,ended by a spe!=ial resolution of the shurcholdcr~ in a general meeting. . . . Directors The names of the current Directors are shown on page 19. Changes to the composition of the Board since 1 January 2021 up to the date of this report are shown in the table below. Joined the Board Left the Board Christopher J K Edis 5 April 2021 Julienne C Daglish 22 April 2021 Letitia M S_mii:h 4June 2021 Emma L Lawrence 7 June 2021 John J Cummins 28 February 2022 Directors' indemnities and Directors' and Officers' liability insurance The directors of the Bank, including the former directors, have entered into individual deeds of indemnity with LBG which constitutes 'qualifying third party indemnity provisions' for the purposes of the Companies Act 2006. The deeds were in force during the whole of the financial year or from the date of appointment in respect of the directors who joined the Board during 2021. Directors no longer in office but who served on the Board at any time in the financial year and since year end had the benefit of this deed of indemnity during that period of service. The indemnity remains in force for the duration of a director's period of office. The deeds indemnify the directors to the maximum extent permitted by law. In addition, LBG has in place appropriate Directors and Officers Liability Insurance cover which was in place throughout the financial year. LBG has also granted deeds of indemnity by deed poll and by way of entering into individual deeds, which constitute 'qualifying third party indemnity provisions' to the Directors of the Group's subsidiary companies, including former Directors who retired during the year, and to colleagues subject to the provisions of the Senior Managers and Certification Regime. Such deeds were in force during the financial year ended 31 December 2021 and remain in force as at the date of this report. Qualifying pension scheme indemnities were granted to the Trustees of the Lloyds Banking Group's Pension Scheme relevant to the Bank, which were in force from 1 August 2021 and remain in force as at the date of this report. Change of control . The Bank is not party to any significant agreements which take effect, alter or terminate upon a change of control of the Bank following a takeover bid. There are no agreements between the Bank and its directors or employees providing compensation for loss of office or employment that occurs because of a takeover bid. Directors' interests The directors do not have any direct interest in the shares of the Bank. Lord Lupton is also a director of LBG. Lord Lupton's interest in shares of LBG is shown in the report and accounts of that company. Conflicts of interest The Board has a comprehensive procedure for reviewing and, as permitted by the Companies Act 2006 and the Bank's articles of association, approving actual and potential conflicts of interest. Directors have a continuing duty to notify the Chair and the Company Secretary as soon as they become aware of actual or potential conflict situations. Changes to the ·commitments of all directors are reported to the Board and a register of potential conflicts and time commitments is regularly reviewed and authorised by the Board to ensure the authorisation status remains appropriate. Lord Lupton is a senior adviser to Greenhill Europe, an investment bank focused on providing financial advice on significant mergers, acquisitions, restructurings, financings and capital raising to corporations, partnerships, institutions and governments. The Board has recognised that potential conflicts may arise as a result of this position. The Board has authorised the potential conflicts and requires Lord Lupton to recuse himself from discussions, should the need arise. Andrew J McIntyre is Non-Executive Director, Senior Independent Director and Chair of the Audit and Risk Committee of C. Hoare & Co., a UK regulated private bank. During the year he was appointed as Non-Executive Director and Chair of Audit Committees of Target Group Limited and its subsidiaries, a wholly owned subsidiary group of Tech Mahindra Limited based in India which provides transformational outsourcing, business process management and managed services to the financial services sector. The Board has recognised that potential conflicts may arise in relation to these positions. The Board has authorised the potential conflicts and requires Andrew J McIntyre to recuse himself from discussions, should the need arise. John J Cummin~ i~ CEO, /\vivo Capital Partners; !\Ion-Executive nirertm ;inrl mP.mhP.rof Risk, Capital & the C:redit Committee of ASSA Group Limited, a South African bank; and a director and trustee of Centre for Cities, a charitable company limited by guarantee set up as a think tank to improve the performance of UK city economies and conduct research into urban matters. In addition, John J Cummins has personal investments in a Fintech company, Shieldpay, a developer and supplier of secure anti-fraud payment systems to banks and other organisations;    and Auden Group Limited, a social lending company. John J Cummins left the Board on 28 February 2022. The Board recognised that potential conflicts may have arisen as a result of these positions. The Board authorised the potential conflicts and required John J Cummins to recuse himself, as appropriate, until he left the Board on 28 February 2022. The following Non-Executive Directors hold/held executive roles within LBG and whilst these are permitted interests under the Bank's articles of association, for the sake of good order the Board authorised the potential conflicts that may arise as a result of those roles and required the individuals listed below to recuse themselves from discussions, should the need arise. These individuals did not act as representative of the Group's sole shareholder, LBG, in their capacity as Non-Executive Directors of the Bank's Board: Name LBG role Emma L Lawrence Customer Management Director, Retail Bank Carla Antunes~da-Silva Group Strategy, Corporate Development and Investor _RelationsDirector for LB_Gand_?ttendee of GEC Letitia M Smith Group Director, Conduct, Compliance & Operational Risk and attendee of GEC until June 2621• Branches, future developments and financial risk management objectives and policies ._._·The Bank·and the Group ·proviaes wide range ·of barikirig iind financial services through· branches-ahd offices iri the·UK, the USA; Germ·any and the Crown Dependencies. Following a strategic review, it has been decided to close the Singapore branch during 2022. Information regarding future dev_elopments 11ndfin11ricial risk. manager,:ient_objectives and policies of the Group jn re!a_tionto the use_of finari_cialinstrµmerits that would otherwise be required to be disclosed in the Directors' report, and which is incorporated into this report by reference, can be found in the_Strategic report. _: . . : . . . . . .. . . . . . _ . __ .. Share capital Information about share capital is shown in note 25. This information is incorporated into this report by reference. The ~ank_did not !ssue s_h<!_re_capital and did flO~ repu_r,chas~ar:iy of its own shares Au!i.ng the year. Th~re ar~ _norestrictions on the transfer of shares in_;he_!3ank oth_erthan s~t O(!t_in !h~·art_icles_o_f?SSOCiationand certain r~str_icti9_11swhich may fr9m ti"!'le _to ti"!'IE!be•ir:nposed by law and regulations .. The directors manage the business of the Barik under the powers set out in the Companies Act 2006 and the Bank's articles of association; these powers include those in relation to the issue or buy back of the Bank's shares. The Bank is a public company limited by shares. Information required under DTR 7.2 Certain information is incorporated into this report by reference. Information about internal control and risk management systems relating to the financial reporting process can be found on page 13. Information about share capital is shown in note 25 on page 71. The Bank is a wholly owned subsidiary of LBG, which holds all of the Bank's issued ordinary share capital. The directors manage the business of the Bank under the powers set out in the Companies Act 2006 and the Bank's articles of association. These powers include those in relation to the issue or buy back of the Bank's shares. Research and development activities During the ordinary course of business the Group develops new products and services within its business units. Emissions LBG, for which the Bank and· Group are a part, has voluntarily reported greenhouse gas emissions (scope 1, 2 and 3) and ·environmental performance since 2009, and since 2013 this has been reported in line with the requirements of the Companies Act 2006 and its applicable regulations. The full details of LBG's greenhouse gas emissions, intensity ratio, carbon emissions, global energy use and energy effidency can be found o"n page 131 of the LBG Annual Report and Accounts for 2021. • • • • • -Employees The Group employed an average of 954 colleagues (note 7) during 2021 (2020: 1,132). This represents colleagues based in Singapore, the USA, Germany and the Crown Dependencies. Organisational changes in the Crown Dependencies business account for the movement in the average number of colleagues year on year. Information concerning the employees of Lloyds Banking Group is available in the LBG's 2021 Annual R~P9'1 and Accounts. As p~rt of LBG, the Bank is ~ommitted·to creating an inclusive and diverse organisation where colleagues with disabilities or long-term health conditions feel valued and supported to reach their full potential. The Bank supports colleagues who have disclosed a disability in a range of ways. The Bank ensures full _and fair consideration to applications from people with disabilities,. and offers bespoke training, caree'r development, promotions and adjustments for colleagues and applicants with disabilities, including those who became disabled while employed. This has been recognised through LBG holding the Business Disability Forum Gold Standard accreditation and retaining Disability Confident Leader status from the Department for Work and Pensions, which recognise the inclusive culture of LBG, and the support provided to our colleagues identified as having a disability including those who became disabled while employed. Significant contracts The Group has a shared service contract with Lloyds Bank pie for the provision of services (note 7). Details of related party transactions are set out in note 30. Streamlined Energy and Carbon Reporting The Bank has taken advantage of the exemption from Streamlined Energy and Carbon Reporting (SECR) reporting requirements in its own Directors' Report as it is covered by the Lloyds Banking Group SECR report given in the Lloyds Banking Group pie 2021 Annual Report and Accounts, available at http://www.lloydsbankinggroup.com/investors/financial-downloads.html.
