   GOVERNANCE The Companies (Miscellaneous Reporting) Regulations 2018 introduced new statutory reporting .requirements for financial years beginning on or after 1 January 201~. As a result of these new requirements, the directors of the Company are required to· provide a corporate governance statement in the Directors' Report. The disclosures below explain the Company's corporate governance arrangements. ·1. Purpose and Leadership . NatWest Group's Purpose is established by NatWest Board, promoted across NatWest Group pie and cascaded to subsidiaries including the Company. Further information on NatWest Group's Purpose can be· found in the 2021 Annual Report and Accounts of NatWest Group pie. Sharing this Purpose has informed the Company's decision-making process where the needs of customers and staff have been carefully . consideired in setting its strategic direction. A Transformation Programme to simplify processes, increase productivity and improve customer experience, planned to be completed in 2020, was refocused and extended to build cin the Company's response to the global Coronavirus pandemic. NatWest Group's strategy is set and approved by the NatWest Board. The board of directors of the Company (the.Board) reviews and sets the strategic direction of the Company within the parameters set by the NatWest Board. The Board alsci oversees t_heexecution of the Company's strategy and holds executive management to account for its delivery. There is regular reporting to the Board on risk culture and compliance which allows the Board to have appropriate oversight of risk matters that are relevant for the Company. 2. Board Composition The Board has two directors comprising the Chairman and one· executive director. The names of the current directors and secretary are shown on page 1. The size of the Board is considered.appropriate, taking into account the size and scale of the Company's busine:ss. Both directors receive accurate, timely and clear information on relevant matters and have access to the advice and services of • the Company Secretary, • • The Board is structured to ensure that the directors provid~ the Company with the appropriate balance of skills, experience and knowledge. A review of the Board composition was undertaken in advance of the extension of the Senior Managers & • Certification Regime (SMCR) to ensure that the directors tiad appropriate experience, skills and knowledge to undertake their. duties. • 3. . Director Responsibilities Directors receive guidance on their statutory duties under the Companies Act 2006 and are supported in the discharge of their duties by _theCompany Secretary. • • Each director has a role profile which clearly articulates their responsibilities· and aceountabilities and any additional regulatory responsibilities and accountabilities. are set out in their Statement of Responsibilities. NatWest Group also produces and maintains a document called "Our Governance" which sets out the governance, systems and controls applicable· to the NatWest Group. Our Governance is made available to all directors and is reviewed and approved by the NatWest Board at least annually. Directors' conflicts of interest are managed via the Board's conflic;ts of interest guidance which sets out procedu_resto ensure that the Board's management of conflicts of interE!st,and its powers for authorising certain conflicts, are operating effectively. The Board has the power to authorise any actual or potential conflict of.interest in accordance with the Companies Act 2006 and the Compariy's articles of association. The .Company maintains a ·register of directors' interest and appointments and there is discussion of directors' conflicts in Board meetings, as required. ' . The Board is the main decision-making forum for the Company. The Board is collectively responsible for the long-term success of the Company and the delivery of sustainable value to its shareholders. Its role is to provide leadership of the Company. It does this by reviewing and approving the strategic direction of • its busiriess and holding management to account for its execution and delivery whilst protecting growth and, customer experience. The· Board's Terms of Reference include a formal schedule-of matters specifically reserved for the Board's decision which are reviewed at l~ast.annually. The Board has a programme of 2 scheduled meetings every year plus additional rileetirtgs as· required for transactional matters. 4. Opportunity and Risk· The Company revises its strategic plan annually, drawing on the expertise of its directors and management. In particular planning is focused on customers and ensuring the Company's products and services continue to meet their. needs. In addition, the Company takes into account the views of principal stakeholders and aligns to the strategic direction and financial goals of the NatWest Group. • The Company undertakes research into customer requirements. and existing satisfaction levels and into current and predicted economic trends and developments in the markets 'for the principal asset classes that it supports. The directors and senior management of the Company have a good understanding of the external environment, how this is served by the Company's products and services, and the Company's operational capabilities. The Board reviews and approves risk appetite for strategic and material risks in accordance with . the NatWest Group risk appetite framework. It monitors performance against risk appetite for the Company; and considers any material risks and approves, as appropriate, recommended actions escalated by the business's Risk Forum. This meets monthly to monitor performance against risk appetite and consider any materiai risks. Any material risks are approved and/ or escalated where required to the Board and Commercial Banking.risk governance forums.    5. Opport~nity and Risk (continued) Risk appetite,. which defines the level and types of risk the Company is willing to accept, is set in line with overall strategy, and .tor the year ending 31 December. 2021 the business -risk appetite was aligned with that of NatWest Group's Commercial Banking business. • Ownership of risk management is·shared across the Company an.d its subsidiaries. The Company uses the three lines of •defence m'odel to define responsibilities and accountabilities, ensuring that risks are properly identified, measured, monitored, controlled. and reported., Risk management is integrated into day-to-day business activities and key processes, including strategic planning. • • The Company's strategy is informed and shaped by· an understanding of the risk landscape including a range of significant risks and uncertainties in the external economic, political and regulatory environments. The Company also complies with ·the NatWest Group Policy Framework, the purpose .of which is to ensure that NatWest Group establishes and maintains NatWest Group-wide policies • that adequately address the material inherent risks it faces in its business activities·. 6. Stakeholder Relationships and Engagement The Board recognises the importance of engaging with stakeholders and discussions at Board ·meetings are focused around the impact that the ·Company's activities may have on key stakeholder groups. • For further details on the Board's engagement with employees, customers, suppliers and others, and how these stakeholders' interests have influenced Board discussions and principal decisions, see page 3 of the Strategic report which.includes a section 172(1) statement.
