   CORPORATE GOVERNANCE STATEMENT In addition to the Corporate Governance guidelines set out by RATP Group, the Company voluntarily complies with the Wates Corporate Governance Principles for large private companies as detailed below. In 2020 the Board responded and adapted quickly to the unprecedented external challenges that occurred with the onset of COVID-19. The priorities that were set from the outset of the pandemic on safeguarding the health and wellbeing of our colleagues, passengers and broader stakeholder groups across the wider community, while protecting our business have remained at the top of the Board's agenda in 2021. Throughout, 2021 Directors continued to engage with all stakeholders including Unions and Tfl on all health and safety matters with regard to COVID-19. 1. Purpose and leadership - The Company's purpose and vision is to become Transport for London's trusted bus operator of choice. The Directors are responsible for creating a Company strategy in line with this purpose and the Company's six core commitments: Safety, Sustainable Mobility, Mobility for all, Socially Responsible, United for Excellence & Innovative Mobility. The Directors are committed to embedding the desired culture throughout the organisation through active training and tailored onboarding.    The effectiveness of Company purpose is measured through a number of indicators including customer satisfaction surveys, engagement with unions and key performance indicators. The Board continually oversees and monitors the organisation culture in a number of ways to ensure it is aligned to the Company's purpose, values and strategy. The Company Directors and Executive management meet regularly including monthly and quarterly Executive and Board meetings that encompasses a review of the Company's strategy, its financial and operational performance, including health and safety, employee and stakeholder matters. Our core values and safety culture have been key to safeguarding the health and wellbeing of our people and broader business stakeholders, A structured and defined Health and Safety program of measures operates across all garages functions and operations that are cascaded through the Company with top-down director oversight, through the Safety Board, that meets regularly, comprised of directors and Executive management, chaired by the Managing Director Our operating model enables garage and functional site-based senior leadership to provide valuable insight into how our purpose and values are brought to life across our business operations while being supported with director-led involvement and support 'on the ground' on a daily basis. Daily interaction between our directors and colleagues across all the garages and support functions, enables us to experience personally the working practices and culture that are present at the heart of our business. During 2021, as COVID-19 restrictions were eased, the frequency and number of in-person meetings with colleagues resumed and continues to expand in accordance with Government guidelines. 2. Board composition - The Company board is chaired by the Managing Director and is formed of the local executive management team as well as the CFO and Vice President of RATP Dev SA, being an appropriate mix of local market expertise and parent company oversight. Appointments to the board are made to ensure an appropriate combination of skills, backgrounds and experience to achieve effective decision-making. The Board applies the RATP Group Code of Ethics (www.ratpdev.com) and those value and principles are at the foundation of our Company policy. They guide the actions of the Company on a daily basis and act as a framework for all employees. Four guiding principles within the Code of Ethics provide us with a framework for achieving our strategic plans: Respect for People, Customer Service, Legal Compliance and Consideration of Stakeholders. The Company through its values and these guiding principles, pays particular attention to all its employees and the people who work for it. Diversity, equal opportunity, openness and solidarity are fundamental guiding principles for the Company. Board evaluation is an ongoing process and individual director effectiveness is assessed by annual reviews. 3. Director responsibilities - The Directors maintain policies and practices to promote effective corporate governance. Directors are required to disclose any actual/potential conflicts of interest to ensure objective decision making. The board base their decisions on monthly information from all key aspects of the business including health and safety, operational and engineering performance, people and engagement, contract tendering and financial performance. Directors acknowledge their duties to promote the success of the Company as set out below in the Section 172 (1) Statement. 4. Opportunity and risk - The Company operates tendered public transport contracts which are evaluated on a route-by-route basis to ensure commercial value. Long-term strategic opportunities are highlighted to the Board by the Company's commercial team and assessed individually by the Board. A summary of the Company's principal risks and mitigations are outlined in the Strategic Report. 5. Remuneration - Members of the UK executive team are remunerated by the Company in line with the broader employment market and aligned with performance, behaviours, and the achievement of Company purpose, values and strategy.    6. Stakeholder relationships and engagement - The Directors seek to foster effective stakeholder relationships in line with the Company's purpose and values. Further detail regarding stakeholder engagement is set out below in the Section 172 (1) Statement.
