   Corporate Governance report For the year ended 3 July 2021, under The Large anJ Medium-sized Companies and Groups (Accounts and Reports) Regulations 2008 (as amended by The Companies (Miscellaneous Reporting) Regulations 2018), the Company applied the Wates Corporate Goyernance Principles for Large Private Companies (published hy the Financial Reporting Council (FRC) in December 2018 and aYailable on the FRC \1,-ebsitc. Infonnation on how the Company applied the Principles over the past year throughout our work is set out below. Principle 1 - Purpose and Leadership On 28 September 2021. the Dfl' announced its decision to appoint the OLR to take over the deliYery of passenger services on the Southeastern franchise when the Company's existing contract expired on 17 October 2021. The DfT's decision not to award a National Rail Contract to the Company was a consequence of discussions with the DfT regarding the calculation of profit share payments under the terms of the relevant franchise agreements and the treatment of ce1tain overpayments made by the Dff to the Company over the course of the franchise agreements /\s noted in the Business Review, the Independent Committee concluded that, notwithstanding the complexity of the Company's franchise agreements, serious errors have been made in related to the Southeastern franchise compliance. The behaviours which contributed to the failings in relation to the management of the Southeastern franchise agreements with the Dff do not ret1cct the values that the Company expects of its colleagues. nor do they meet the high standards of conduct and governance set and expected • As a result of the Dfr announcement on 28 September 2021 a Steering Committee was estahlishcd, consisting of representatives of the shareholders of Govia Limited along with other expe1tise from the Group, to monitor and control the Company's remaining activities from 17 October 2021 onwards following changes to Board and Executive team members. The Steering Committee's role is to oversee the demobilisation activities of the Company (including. the transfer of assets and liabilities to the OLR collection of outstanding debts and settling remaining liabilities. In addition. the Group has extended the remit of the scope of Group Internal Audit to include oYersight of compliance with contractual obligations and commercial terms. including the Company's remaining contractual obligations. For further information, see page 3 to 5. Follmv:ing this, the Company has no ongoing commercial activities and for further details on the approach to an orderly demobilisation of the Company·s business. please see page 7. During the year. whilst the Company' did not have a defined purpose statement, this was articulated by its combined vision and mission. The Company was rocuscd on the communities it served and its effoctive and longstanding partnerships v,··ithloc&l user groups. commuter associations. lo(.;alauthorities and elected representatives, The Company's vision 1,1,asto deliver ·our best ever passenger experience' and its mission was to achieve '85% customer satisfaction and 80% colleague satisfaction·, the latter having been impacted by COY ID-19. This vision and mission were distilled into a set of \·alucs (we care passionately about our people and passengers; we make the difference together: and we aim to he the best) \\hich were developed coliahoratively \\ith colleagues through a series of \.Vorkshops and consultations. The Company developed several behavioural frame\\ orks aligned to the organisation ·s structure with the Company's vision and mission sitting at the heart of each frame1,\ork. The Company· developed a Strategic Plan which clearly articulati..:d the Company's strategic objectives and included roadmaps st.ming out action plans for achieYing. those o~jectivcs and the key perfo1mance indicators used to measure attainment. The core ohjectives centred on safety, passengers, performance, peopk. reputation and financial and contractual commitments. During the COVIJ)-19 pandemic, the Company's strategy continued to be a three phased approach; Respond; Recover and Come hack stronger    The Company"s vision, mission, values and behavioural frameworks were all aligned to its strategic objectives and embedded and integrated throughout the employee life cycle through recruitment, induction, training. internal communications, pcrformancc development reviews, annual colleague engagement surveys and I IR policies and procedures. Periodic pulse surveys, tht: Investors in People accreditation process and initiatives such as the Fxtra Mile recognition scheme which were directly aligned to the Company's values and behaviours provided useful measures of how the Company's people brought the \'alue of its culture to life in their day"-to-day roles. Customer satisfaction \Vas tracked through external / indcpemknt and internal surveys with customer feedback and sentiment being monitored through correspondence, social media and the press. The Company had an established People, Passengers and Reputation l3oard which met ever~,/four weeks to oversee cultural measures and indicators Principle 2 - Board Composition The Board operates in accordance with the Govia I .imited Revised Shareholders J\gn:cmenl and Side I .clter dated 3 August 2005. During the year ended 3 July 202 l. the Board comprised the Group Chief Executive and the G-roup Chief Financial Offo:er (the Group executive directors). the Company's Managing Director, the Company's Finance Director and the Group Managing Director of Business Development (together the (Jo-J\head directors) and two Kcolis directors. Following the year end. Flodie Brian resigned as Group Chief Financial Officer and director of the Company with effect from 27 September 2021. She was replaced in this role by Gordon Boyd who was appointed as Interim Group Chief Financial Officer and director of the Company \\•ith effect from. and includini. 28 September 202 l up to and including 28 March 2022 when he resigned. David Brown retired as Group Chief Executive and director of the Company with effect from 5 November 2021 and was succeeded in these roles by Christian Schreyer with effect from the same date. Felix Beeson resigned as the Company's Finance Director with effect from 12 October 2021 and David Statham resigned as the Company·s Managing Director with effect from 22 October 202 l. All Go-Ahead directors on the l3oard during the year were full time emplo.vees of either The Go-Ahead Group plc (the Group) or the Company. The Chairman (the Group Chief Executive) led the Board and promoted a culturt: of open and constructive debate. This role was separate to that of the Company's Managing Director who was empO\vered to operate the business autonomous}!' v.-ith the support of the rest of the Board. During the year, the Board met on a monthly basis to scrutinise and challenge management·s execution of strategy. The Group and Kcolis UK directors brought a range of perspectives from different businesses and geographies to Hoard discussions. The Train Services Director attended Board meetings monthly and other members of the Company's Executive Team attended on rotation by invitation for deep dive exercises. With the ever-evolving regulatory landscape in which the Compan~' operated during the year. it was criticaL not\\·lthstanding the issues mentioned above, that the Board maintained a good ,vorking knowledge of the transport sector and how the Company operated v,:ithin its sector. as well as being a\.varc of recent and upcoming developments in the wider legal and regulatory environment. To assist the Hoard in undettaking its responsibilities, regular presentations \-Vereprovided from senior management. \.Vhere required, suppo1t ,.._.-asalso provided from Group Compan:v Secretariat. Examples of director training that look place during the year included Equality. Di\'ersity and Inclusion training including unconscious bias and J\ssiskd Travel Plan Training. The Company also provided training on the Competition Act. Anti Bribery and Cotruption J\ct, Data Protection and Modern Slavery on a regular basis. The Company also released a package of Information Security· training on its onlinc learning platform focussed on the risk of phishing attacks. V-./hilsta formal Board evaluation did not take place, the Group executive directors' individual effectiveness was assessed as part of the Group Board's wider annual revit:w. The individual effectiveness of the Group Managing Director of Bus Development, the Cornpany"s Managing Director and Finance Director was assessed by formal appraisal interviews.    Principle 3 - Director Responsibilities The I3oard held eleven meetings during the :vear. All directors were expected, \vherever possible. to attend all hoard meetings. The Board received regular and timely information (at least month}~·) on the key business areas for each of the Company's Directorates: Safety, finance, Train Services, Passenger Ser;ices, Commercial, IIR and Communication and Publicity. This included a KP! and Period Report for each area as well as a cycle of deep dive presentations by function. The Group Board reviews governance processes, including policies and procedures, on at least an annual basis to ensure that these remain fit for purpose and strengthen the governance of its operating companies. During the year, the Company complied \Vith the Group Policies and Procedures Manual and reported its compliance to the Group on a self-certification basis. The governance processes also included an Operating Company Board Procedures Manual \vhich set out formal procedures for the v,;orking of the I3oard, delegated authorities, the timely provision of appropriate infonnation and the duties and responsibilities of directors, including standards of conduct and compliance. The Company's HR policy set out, amongst other things, policies on code of conduct. conflicts of interests and public interest disclosure. Dw·ing the year, the Company's I3oard had established procedures for ensuring that its power to aulhorise conflicts of interest is operated in accordance with the Companies Act 2006, \Vith all directors being required to make the Board aware of an!· other commitrnenls and actual/potential conflicts of interest that could interfere \Vith their ability to act in the best interests of the company. Aulhorisations given hy the Board \\ere for an indefinite period, with the Board retaining the pO\ver to vary or tem1inatc the authorisation at any time. Principle 4 - OI)portunity and Risk Risk appetite is set at Group level and is monitored in aggregate for operating companies. Risk tolerance is advised to operating companies and is included in the Group's annual report. During the year. the assessment of key principal and <.wcrging risks\\ as embedded\.\ ithin the day lo <layoperations of the Company Such assessments were consolidated and reviewed as part of Board :reporting as well as being :reported to the Group l\\icc a year in accordance with full year and half year results reporting. As pait of this reporting process. risk rep01ts were completed which outlined the key principal and emerging risks facing the company. proYided an explanation of the procedures in place to mitigate and manage such risks and prioritise the most important risks from both an inherent and residual perspective. These rcpmts were then discussed with the Group executive directors at hi-annual risk board meetings \\ith discussion focused on the most importanl risk and control areas within the business. following such meetings. the Group executive directors repmted to the Group audit committee.; \\·ith final approval being granted b:v the Group Board for key risks that could have a malerial impact on the Group performance, stratC61:,'or business model. A summary of the Company's the slratcgic report. Principle 5 - Remuneration key principal risks and mitigations during the year are outlined on pages 8 to 10 of Dw·ing the y·ear, remuneration arrangements were based on the principles that reward should he sufficient to attracl and retain high calibre directors, senior management and the wider workforce. For the Company's Managing Director and Finance Director. remuneration was determined by the Group Board in line with the Group's Senior Management Remuneration Policy. Remuneration was structured to support both the financial objectives and the strategic priorities of the Group in a manner \\hich was aligned with shareholders' and stakeholders' long-term interCsts. The Group executive directors and Group Managing Director of Business DeYelopment were remunerated by the Group. The remuneration of the Company's Managing Director and Finance Director during the: ear is disclosed on page 51 \note 7). For fwthcr details of the :remuneration policy which applied to the Group executi\'c directors together \Yith details of the n::muneration paid to them in the 2021 financial :·i.:ar, please sec pages 108 to 142 of the Group·s Annual Report and Accounts.    Principle 5 - Remuneration (continued) by IIR and submittt.:dto the Board for their approval. Remuneration for the wider \vork_i'orcesuch as, for instance, drin::rs and engineers was guided by the Company·s !\1anagement and Admin Pay Setting Principles Policy. This Policy \Vas reviewed by the Board on an annual basis as pmt of an agreed collective bargaining procedure agn.::cment In line with this Policv, remuneration recommendations \\.·1....·-rcput forward to the lloard for their endorsement, considerations of\vhich vvould take into account several factors such as the Company's ability to pay, individual rcsponsihilit:y, market, economic climate and franchise obligations. Salaries, benefits, pensions and other elements of remuneration wi.::rcbenchmarked regularly to ensure they remained competitive in the markets in which the Company operated. Vvhen canying out such excn:iscs, the Company engaged external remuneration consultants and accessed salary surveys from XPcrt HR. In addition, Dfl' approval \Vas required for all pa;' increases, bonus payments and discretionary benefits. Prior to November 2020, rc111w1cration for senior management and administrative roks v.-as recommended Post November 2020, following the government's announcement ofa public sector pay freeze in November 2020, the Company operated a mandated pay freeze for rail \\-orkcrs and suspended lxmus payments and most discretionary benefits. During the year, the I3oard considered the data, and narrative, relevant to the Company's Gender Pay Reporting in preparation for external publication. including proposed improvement plans to enhance performance. This included changes made to the Company's recruitment process to attract more applicants. supporting network groups and addressing unconscious bias. Principle 6 - Stakeholders During the year. the Company's key stakeholders included the Group, workforce, customers, government and local authorities, strategic partners and suppliers, communities and a vvidc range of regulators, associations and administrative bodies. An established reporting process was in place, where the Company was required to report formally to the Group Hoard on what engagcmt.::nthad taken place with its key stakeholders and the outcome of such engagement. Fwihcr detail regarding the inadequate quality of engagement with the DfT is on pages 3 to 4.    The Go-Ahead Group pie (the Group) The Group is the Company's ultimate parent. Effective communication and proactive engagement with the Group is paramount in establishing a mutual understanding of both the Company's and the Group's wider objectives. The Group executive directors. who also sat on the Company's Board during the year, formed the primary communication route between the Company's Board and the Ciroup Board. The process relied on a connnunication channel which facilitated effective open, transparent and t\vo-way engagement, the feedback from \vhich formed part of the I3oard's strategic discussions. During the year, outcomes of engagement with the Group included approval of the Company's annual three year corporate plan, approval of the sustainability plan and the future of finance programme. DfT Throughout the period of the EMA, the DtT had a significant interest in the financial and operational performance of the Company. Regulm meetings \Vere held with the IJ[r - weekly senior meetings. monthly Board and finance rcvie\\· meetings and liaison by the Company's contract management team. llowcvcr, serious errors were made in regard to the quality of engagement \\-·iththe DJT and further details arc set out on pages 3 to 4. After the year end, discussions \vith the DtT took place regarding the calculation of profit share pa:vments under the terms of the relevant franchise agreements and the treatment of certain overpay mcnts made by the Dfl' to the Company over thi: course of those agreements. Throughout the process, the Independent Committee has been focused on opt.::n,collaborative and constructive engagement \Vith the DtT with a vie\\- to reaching a full and satisfactOI)' st.:ttlement. For further information see pages 3 to 5.    Workforce (continued) /\n engaged workforce is key lo an organisation's success. During the year_ the Company regularly communicated to its employees through a range of chanrn:ls including internal communications (for example digital, print and interactive channels). Colleague and leadership forums; the People, Passenger and Reputation Board, colleague network groups and an area partnership programme \Vere also some of the other channels that existed to enable colleagues to interact with senior management and have their say on the latest developments as well as share ideas. Regular employee pulse surveys \Vere undertaken to allo\.\ colleagues to provide honest feedhack about their experience working al the Company, the results of which provided a measure of colleague engagement and helpcd idcntify areas of improvement. For example, pulse sun:eys conducted during the year helped gain insight into C()lleagues concerns about safo working arrangements. During the yem·, the Company worked collaboratively ·with trade unions. the focus being to maintain a trnstful relationship and secure a mutual vie\\-' of colleaguc engagement. A set of collective hargaining principles were developed and agreed ·nith a clear frame,vork in place that covered effective joint working at all levels ,.vithin the business. This was further facilitated by the Joint Company Council which met three times <luring the year and ,vas attended by the Company·s Executive Team, representatives of the Company's managers forum an<l union representatives. The Company's relations with the Trade Unions have been positive and constructive resulting in minimal matters of conflict or industrial action for nearly two <leca<les:. During the year, the Company had a fo1mal whistlchlowing policy in place w'hich was accessible to all col!eag.ues via the HR section of the Company·s intranct and provided them with the opportunity to raise legitimate concerns about any form of wrongdoing ln confidence, anonymously and with protection from retaliation. This ycar·s annual n:view confirmed that the policy remained fit for purpose and enabled a good level of communication with colleagues at all levels of the business. There was also a range of other channcls \\.-foch provided a means for colleagues to raise concerns. During the year, the Company actively engaged with the workforce on COVlD-19 safety and wellbeing measures This resulted in agreement on appropriate protective equipment. cleaning and testing regimes and flexible working anangcmcnls. Customers Relationships \.\.-ithcustomers were built through passenger-facing colleagues. customer ambassadors and social media channels. These interactions enabled the Company to l~tter understand the evolving needs of our customers. We conducted regular customer satisfaction surveys. which \Vere analysed to gain insight into the drivers of satisfaction and to understand where lo focus improvements. We also operated customer insight panels and run meet the manager sessions to gain further insight on our pcrfotmance. During the year, through our customer insight panels, we were able to identify customer priorities on cleanliness. social distancing and \"alue for money. As a result, we frequently revised the timetable in response to changing demand, implcmentcd enhanced station and train cleaning. introduced "Seat Finder" and reached agreement with DtT on flexible season tickets, offering better value to customers not commuting 5 days a week. J\n Accessibility Panel was implemented to gain insight into the needs of customers with assisted traYel needs    Government and local authorities Working closely \vith both central and local government enabled us to contribute our private sector expencnce and expertise to the public agenda and produce better policy outcomes and service delivery. In addition to meetings, newsletters and email coJTespondencc, effective two-way engagement was facilitated by parliamentary engagement events and the Company's representation at local council committi:c meetings. ln Januaty' 2021, following concerns raised to us by an MP, we allowed fi:ee parking at Sevenoaks Car Park for tho:a:: m;ing a k)cal rneJi1.:ul pttH.:LiceJ'or their COVlD-1 lJ vai:cmat10n programme. In March 202 L following concerns from parents raised via the local rail user group and :vtP's office, we reinstated a service from Tonbridge to Charing Cross to ensure school children didn't have to wait half an hour for a connection at Otford. Strategic partners and suppliers During the year. we \Vorked collaborativcl:, with strategic partners, including Transport for London and Net\vork Rail, and built strong relationships with core suppliers. Engagement took place in the form of contract review meetings to disct1ss supplier perfom1ance and areas of improvement as \Vcll as to idcntif~, risk and mitigating plans Detailed tender processes were undertaken for high value goo<ls/serYice requirements to ensure that business n:quirements were fulfilled, ensuring supply chain assurance and value for money. In response to requests from Dff for closer collaboration with Network Rail, we established a Collaborative Opportunities Gtoup with a clear remit to improve the customer offering, performance and value. Communities Public transpmt is critical to the functioning of society and has been fundamental in supporting communities through the COVID-19 crisis. During the year, the Company had various channels for facilitating effective two-way engagement with communities, an example of\vhic-h was Stakeholder Forums taking place twice a year and being held virtually' during the pandemic. These provided stakeholders with an exclusive update on the Company's nct\\-ork developments such as, for instance, capacity, and pnl\'ided an opportunity !'or them to ask questions of hoth the Company and Network Rail. During the year, the Company held a virtual Community Rail Conference with Community Rail Partnerships, the purpose of which \Vas to share best practice on the Southeastern network More broadly, an independent agency was used to survey a random sample of around 80-l 00 stakeholders ever:v year lo gather their feedback on the Company's decisions, the service provided, and any issues of concerns to stakeholders. These were then presented to the Company's Executive Team and fed into our stakeholder engagement strategy for the follmving rail year. In making decisions during the year, the Board considered how the Company's activities may impact both current and future stakeholders, which, for example, could include impacts on the environment. Fwthcr details are provided in our .<-;ection172(1) statement on pages 11 to 14.    Regulators, associations and administrative bodies During the year, the Company had relationships and engaged \\'ith a wide range of regulators (Office of Rail and Road ('·ORR''), Health and Safety Executive, Rail Safety Standards), associations (Rail Delivery Group (·'RDG")) and administrative bodies (London Travel Wati.;h, Transport Focus, Rail Users Consultative Committee, Rail Ombudsman and Rail User Groups). We engaged with regulators by participating in consultation exercises \vhich. this year, included responding to the ORR. on improving access lo delay compensation and on rail replacement accessibility. During the year. the Company's Managing Director kd the RDG work on fares. the Group Chief Financial Officer led the RlXT traction electricity purchasing scheme. and the Company ,,.·as represented at other RJXT forums including Engineering and Human Resources. During the ycar, our \Vork on fare reform at RDG drove the implementation of flexible season tickets to deliver better value to passengers on Jlexible working aiTangernents.
