   Basis of Principles Applied For the year ended 31 December 2021, under The Companies (Miscellaneous Reporting) Regulations 2018 (SI 2018/860), the Company has applied these regulations in full and has followed the Wates Corporate Governance Principles for Large Private Companies (published by the Financial Reporting Council ('FRC') in December 2018 and available on the FRC website). Companies are able to adopt the Wates principles as an appropriate framework when making disclosures regarding corporate governance arrangements. The Principles we have applied are set out below. Principle 1 - Purpose and Leadership Lothian Buses was founded in 1919. Lothian Buses Limited is owned by the four Lothian local authorities which resulted from the dissolution of the former Lothian Regional Council at the time of the Local Government reorganisation in 1994. The Lothian Group is the principal operator of bus services within the City of Edinburgh, Midlothian and East Lothian Council areas. We also operate bus services in West Lothian and operate open top sightseeing tours in Edinburgh and the City Region, in addition to day tours by coach, private hire and excursions. Our vision is to be: • The most customer led; • Focussed and innovative public transport operator in Scotland; • Delivering safe, compliant and reliable bus services. The Group's purpose, goals and targets were revised during 2019 for the 2020-2024 Business Plan. As a result of the Covid-19 pandemic which took hold in 2020 the Group finalised a Recovery Plan in 2021 for steering the business through and out of the effects of the pandemic, and under the Board's direction, guide the organisation's strategy, decisions, processes and culture. The Recovery Plan was communicated to senior managers in 2021 and builds on the Group's existing commitment to good governance and social responsibility. The Directors and Shareholding Councils see themselves as actively engaged stewards of a socially responsible network of Bus Services. The Directors and the Board maintain a visible presence in the Group, promoting a long-term ethos, inclusion, diversity, community engagement, social responsibility and environmental sustainability. Principle 2 - Board Composition Details of each Board Director can be found on page 2. The Group has a separate Chairman and Managing Director to ensure that the balance of responsibilities, accountabilities and decision making across the Group are effectively maintained. The Chairman plays a pivotal role in creating the conditions for overall Board and individual Director effectiveness. The Board comprises a Chairman, three Executive Directors, an Independent Non-Executive Director, five Non-Executive Directors (which includes one Worker Director). Also in attendance at Board meetings are Observers from each of our Shareholding Councils and immediate parent, Transport for Edinburgh Limited. This size and composition is appropriate to our large and complex business. Independent Non-Executive Directors bring experience in transport, systems, procurement, politics, governance, finance and audit, in addition to perspectives and challenge from outside the sector and environment in which the Group operates. We consider there to be sufficient experience and diversity on the Board and recognise that this is not always easy to maintain within the industry as a whole. We are committed to making the Group an ever-more inclusive environment, thereby fostering a more diverse workforce which should increase diversity at the most senior levels. We demonstrated our commitment to this area by creating and publishing our own Diversity & Inclusion Policy.    Principle 2 - Board Composition (continued) The Directors have equal voting rights when making decisions, except the Chairman, who has the casting vote. All Directors have access to the advice and services of the Company Secretary and may, if they wish, take professional advice at the Company's expense. The duties of the Board are executed partially through committees. The Non-Executive Directors attend and act as chair to relevant committees so that they are able to challenge and influence a broad range of areas across the Group. Normally Board and Committee meetings are held on site at the Group Head Office but since March 2020 most meetings have been held remotely via "Webex" and/or "Teams~ video conferencing due to Covid-19 restrictions whilst complying with the "work from home" messaging, with no issues arising. The Executive Team ensures that the values, strategy and culture align, are implemented and are communicated consistently to the workforce - for example through regular Senior Leadership Team meetings and away days that are attended by senior employees. Directors update their skills, knowledge and familiarity with the Group by meeting with senior management, visiting sites (such as regular visits to our garages) and by attending appropriate external seminars and training courses. There is an induction programme for all new Directors which is tailored to their specific experience and knowledge and which provides access to all parts of the business, including access to shareholders'. Periodic Board Effectiveness Reviews are undertaken involving all of the Independent Non-Executive Directors to support impartiality and good governance. The last Board Effectiveness Review was carried out in February 2021 and assessed that the Board was competent and well run and had the potential to become even more effective by clearly aligning its agenda to strategic development, encouraging all Directors to share their thoughts, observations and instincts for the benefit of all and engaging the whole Board more routinely in the active management of shareholder relations. Since the last Board Effectiveness Review there has been a significant emphasis on current strategic issues and recovery planning being considered on a regular basis, with normal operational matters and performance monitoring spread over the course of the annual Board programme. The Executive Team occasionally uses externally facilitated sessions to assist in progressing actions and plans agreed for delivery. The Board considers these externally facilitated sessions important in the delivery of key areas and for strengthening overall output and performance. Principle 3 - Directors' Responsibilities Accountability Good governance supports open and fair business, ensures that the Company has the right safeguards in place and makes certain that every decision it takes is underpinned by the right_considerations. Whilst Board oversight is always maintained, key decisions are made by the individuals and committees with the most appropriate knowledge and industry experience. Each Board member has a clear understanding of their accountability and. responsibilities. The Board has a programme of five principal meetings a year together with the Annual General Meeting after the June meeting each year. The Board's key areas of focus in 2021 are included on pages 14 and 15. The Board members act in accordance with best practice behaviours and values. As part of each Board meeting all members must declare any potential conflicts of interest. These declarations are collated by the Chairman . and communicated to the Audit & Risk Committee, if necessary. Where there are potential conflicts, appropriate safeguards are implemented.    Committees The Board delegates authority for the day-to-day management of the Company to the Executive Team who meet weekly and is chaired by the Managing Director and whose membership includes the Operations Director, Commercial Director, Engineering Director, Finance Director, Communications Director and People Director. Leaders of each Business function (for example, Commercial, Human Resources, Health & Safety, etc) are invited to meetings as and when required. The Non-Executive Directors are wholly independent in that they have no material business or relationships with the Company that might influence their independence or judgement. In addition, certain governance responsibilities are delegated to other committees (Audit & Risk, Remuneration, Nomination or the Regional Sub Committee). These committees include both Executive Directors and Non-Executive Directors, who support effective decision making and independent challenge. Integrity of information The Board receives regular and timely information (at least quarterly) on all key aspects of the business including health and safety, risks and opportunities, the financial performance of the Group, strategy, operational matters, market conditions and sustainability, all supported by a summary from the Managing Director. Key financial information is collated from the Group's various accounting systems. The Group's finance function is appropriately qualified and ensures the integrity and accurate timely production of this information. The finance function is also provided with the necessary training to keep up to date with regulatory changes. Financial information is currently externally audited by Azets on an annual basis and financial controls are reviewed and maintained by the Group's finance function. Other key information is prepared by the relevant internal function. Processes for collecting data, as well as the reporting of that data, is reviewed on a regular basis by the finance function with reporting thereon provided to the Audit & Risk Committee. Principle 4 - Opportunity and Risk The Board seeks out opportunity whilst mitigating risk. Opportunity Long term strategic opportunities are highlighted in the business planning process which is completed every 3 to 5 years. The Board seeks out opportunities drawn from the business plan, strategy and the committees to which it delegates. Short term opportunities to improve performance, resilience and liquidity are collated through the quarterly garage review process which is attended by the Executive Team. Short term strategic opportunities are highlighted in the annual Group budget process which is presented to the Board at the end of every year. Risk The Audit & Risk Committee, consisting of certain Executive Directors and certain Non-Executive Directors, ensures that inherent and emerging risks are identified and managed appropriately in a timely manner. Its focus is on monitoring the effectiveness of the Group's approach to risk identification, classification and mitigation. The Committee meets at least quarterly and reviews the risk register for any changes in underlying conditions. The Committee continues to refine and enhance the Company's risk management framework and the content of the risk register and works to ensure consistency across all operations. A list of emerging risks. is maintained by the Audit & Risk Committee and considered at each meeting - an emerging risk is included once its likelihood and impact of occurrence becomes material to the Group, as was the case for the Covid-19 impact in 2020. The Company's Strategic Report includes the key operational risks and uncertainties that are monitored by the Audit & Risk Committee. The risk register is presented to the Board at each meeting. Specific points raised by the Board are discussed in the subsequent Audit & Risk Committee and vice versa. The Company's systems and controls are designed to manage, rather than to entirely elfminate, the risk of failure to achieve business objectives and can only provide reasonable and not an absolute assurance against a risk materialising.    Responsibilities The Group has an operating framework which encapsulates the Group's operating rules, processes, best practice standards and delegated authorities. It is the fundamental platform to our internal control and governance framework. Specifically, the Board approves any contract above a certain value (determined by the Board) or any transaction that requires an unbudgeted allocation of capital, to ensure that the appropriate level of diligence has been performed in understanding the obligations, risks and terms of the contract. This enables the Group to protect the integrity and long-term sustainability of all its businesses, to meet its strategic objectives and to create value for its shareholders, customers and suppliers. Principle 5 - Remuneration The Remuneration Committee's primary objective is to set remuneration at a level that will enhance the Group's resources by securing and retaining quality senior management who can deliver the Group's strategic ambitions in a manner consistent with both its purpose and the interests of its shareholders. The Remuneration Committee has clearly defined terms of reference and is responsible for making recommendations to the Board concerning the Group's remuneration strategy, recruitment framework and long-term plans for senior executives. In doing so, the Committee takes advice from independent external advisers who provide updates on legislative requirements, best market practice and remuneration benchmarking, drawing on evidence from across the sectors in which the Group operates and from other comparable sectors. Pay is aligned with responsibilities and performance and takes into account fair pay and conditions across the Group's workforce. An independent benchmarking review was last performed in March 2020. This highlighted that the Group's remuneration policy for Directors and Senior Management is consistent with companies of a similar size and complexity, as well as other companies operating within comparable sectors. The next benchmarking review is due to be undertaken in the first half of 2022. Directors' remuneration is disclosed on page 57 (note 25). In 2021, the Group reported its Gender Pay Reporting which highlighted some specific areas of focus for the year ahead. The Group is an active equal opportunities employer and promotes an environment free from discrimination, harassment and victimisation, where everyone receives equal treatment and career development regardless of age, gender, nationality, ethnic origin, religion, marital status, sexual orientation or disability. All decisions relating to employment practices (including remuneration) are objective, free from bias and based solely upon work criteria and individual merit. Principle 6 - Stakeholders The Board is clear that good governance and effective communication are essential on a day-to-day basis to deliver our purpose and to protect the Group's brand, reputation and relationships with all of our stakeholder community including shareholders, customers, employees, suppliers and the local communities in which we work and serve. The Board continues to seek to align the Group's strategic direction with its purpose and to the shareholders' long-term aspirations for sustainability, growth, diversification, environmental targets and policy decisions. The Chairman and Managing Director of the Board are the primary communication routes between the Board and the Company's shareholders. Together with the Commercial Director they work to ensure common goals amongst the wider shareholder group. External impacts The Board is committed to social responsibility, customer engagement and environmental sustainability. It achieves this in part through its commitment to: a positive work culture (ensuring the safety, health and wellbeing of everyone who works in the Group); creating positive environmental and social impact; being an employer of choice where everyone is valued and respected; and seeking new ways to ensure the sustainability of the buildings we operate and maintain.    Stakeholders The Board promotes accountability and transparency with all external stakeholders and with representatives of government and other opinion leaders, whilst maintaining an open and balanced presence in the media. The Group's fundamental belief in promoting the public good is demonstrated and supported by the Chairman and Managing Director's active engagement across industry bodies and our wider stakeholder community. The Group hosts local Doors Open Day's, when possible, as community events where the public get to come along to one of our garages and see a selection of our buses, both old and new, and enjoy a great day out. The Group uses customer engagement surveys where the findings are used to improve customer engagement with knowledge being shared across all of our companies and divisions. The Group continues with its coveted Earned Recognition Status which is an external audit and validation, mainly of the Group's ability to perform its vehicle MOT testing to DVSA standards. The Annual General Meeting held in June each year provides a briefing on the Group's financial performance and allows individuals to raise any questions or concerns. The Executive Team meets regularly with Union representatives of the Group to facilitate communication of current issues and the Group's plans and purpose. Throughout 2021 the Recognition and Procedural Agreement continued to be used. The Board considers positive Union engagement a good barometer of the workforce's confidence in the Group's strategic direction, optimism in the future, working conditions and career opportunities. The Executive Team has taken part in a number of initiatives over the past year to further improve employee relations by engaging further at both Group and divisional level, improving communication, expanding flexible benefits on offer, encouraging more flexible working practices and wellbeing initiatives where possible and updating the Group's intranet, internal TV screens and Lothian Times as channels of communication to share information, best practice, achievements and success. The Group provides both Gender Pay Reporting and Payment Practices & Performance Reporting, both of which are published externally. The Group maintains the additional analysis required to conduct this reporting and welcomes these routes of reporting as it is constantly looking to improve its engagement with stakeholders. The Group communicates regularly with the Lothian Pension Fund, which operates the Company's defined benefit pension scheme, and Scottish Widows, which operates the Company's defined contribution schemes, both of which are wholly independent of the Company. These regular communications are key to ensuring that the decisions made by both the Company and the schemes reflect the interest of all stakeholders. The Company's website {www.lothianbuses.co.uk). intranet, Lothian TV screens, Lothian Times and social media channels provide extensive and up-to-date news on recent developments.    Group Board Details of individual Directors' attendance at Board and Committee meetings in 2021 are shown below: Name of Director Chairman James McFarlane Executive Directors Nigel Serafini Sarah Boyd John Benson Senior Independent Director Steven Cassidy Non-Executive Directors Susan Deacon Anthony Rose Mark Yexley lain Reid Fraser Wallace Max no. of Main Board Meetings Director could attend No. of Main Board Meetings attended % of Main Board Meetings attended 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 3* - * 3* 6 6 6 6 6 5 6 6 6 6 6 6 3* -* 3* 6 100% 100% 100% 100% 83% 100% 100% 100% 100% 100% Observers Stuart Lowrie or Ewan Kennedy (City of Edinburgh Council) Derek Oliver (Midlothian Council) Bruce Moffat (East Lothian Council) Jim Jack (West Lothian Council) George Lowder (Transport for Edinburgh Limited) *the observers from the Minority Shareholding Councils take it in turn to attend each Board meeting. 100% 100% -% 100% 100% The Chairman of the Board meets with each Non-Executive Director approximately once a year to consider and discuss the Board and their own effectiveness and performance together with strategic matters that facilitate reflection and strategic direction. All Non-Executive Directors have provided timely feedback to the Chairman. Activities of the Board in 2021 The Board operates a forward agenda of standing items appropriate to the Group's operating and reporting cycles. Items requiring Board approval or endorsement are highlighted clearly. Other items are for monitoring or reviewing progress against strategic priorities, risk management or the effectiveness of internal controls. During 2021 the Board: Approved the Annual Accounts and Reports 2020; Progressed the Group's five year business plan 2020-24; Worked on the Group's recovery plan for 2021-22 as a tool to navigate through the Covid pandemic; Approved the Group's 2022 budget and approved capital spend to support the 2022 budget; Received detailed reports on the Group's operating and financial performance especially relating to the effects of the ongoing Covid-19 pandemic and restrictions on travel; Gave due consideration to the Group's safety performance; Received updates on progress against strategic programmes and tested the overall strategy against the delivery of shareholders' long-term objectives; Considered the evolving economic, political and market conditions relating to Brexit; Considered competitor behaviour; Received updates from the Chairman on ALEO reform proposals and the activities of the working group;    During 2021 the Board (continued): Considered and agreed in principle an acceptable level of resilience and liquidity; Reviewed the Group's forecast financing requirements, debt capacity and potential financing options that would enable the achievement of the desired resilience targets in the ongoing Covid-19 environment; Regularly reviewed key risks, together with the adequacy of mitigation controls; Assessed material project delivery contracts and investment proposals in excess of approved budgets; Received regular updates and reports from the Chairs of the Audit & Risk, Remuneration, Nomination and Regional Sub Committees on activities and recommendations of the Committees; Considered .the continued personal development of the Executive Team, including senior management succession planning; Reviewed the remuneration of the Interim Managing Director to ensure alignment with policy and shareholder returns; Considered the short and long-term trends in sustainability that would help to inform the wider business strategy and the Group's long-term business planning process; Endorsed the continued working with Support in Mind Scotland as the Group's "charity of choice"; Considered the data and narrative relevant to the Group's Gender Pay Reporting and Payment Practices & Performance Reporting in preparation for external publication; and Approved the annual statements on the Group's policies on anti-slavery and human trafficking, anti-bribery and corruption which can all be found on the Group's website www.lothianbuses.co.uk. Audit & Risk Committee The Committee's primary concerns are the integrity of the Group's financial statements; the effectiveness of internal controls; the adequacy of internal audit reviews; the performance and independence of the external auditor and the Group's compliance with legal and regulatory requirements. The Committee has clearly defined terms of reference, which are reviewed annually and are available from the Committee Chair. These outline the Committee's objectives and responsibilities relating to financial reporting, internal controls, risk management and the application of appropriate accounting standards and procedures. Specific responsibilities include reviewing and recommending for approval the annual financial statements, reviewing the Group's accounting policies, reviewing the effectiveness of internal controls, risk management processes and reviewing the scope and results of the external audit. The Committee monitors existing compliance arrangements and the overall requirement for additional internal audit reviews. lain Reid, a member of the Institute of Chartered Accountants of Scotland, was appointed Committee Chair in 2019. The Audit Committee comprises of two other independent Non-Executive Directors; Anthony Rose and Susan Deacon. The Board Chairman, Jim McFarlane, is entitled to attend the Committee and does so on most occasions. Stuart Lowrie is also invited to attend as observer from the City of Edinburgh Council. The Board is satisfied that the recent and relevant financial and risk experience of the Committee Chair and the Committee's members followed the principles of good governance in relation to their skills, knowledge and experience. External Auditors Azets Audit Services were re-appointed external auditors at the Group's Annual General Meeting in June 2021. The Committee assesses the effectiveness of their performance every year after completion of the annual audit and in March 2021 the Committee evaluated their performance in relation to the 2020 audit. The evaluation takes the form of speaking to the staff involved in the audit process, including members of the financial and commercial functions and also members of the Executive Team. The calibre of the external auditors, their governance, independence and professionalism continues to receive good feedback. Both management and external auditors are committed to a positive working relationship that enhances the effective and efficient execution of the audit process. As a private Company, the Group is not subject to external restrictions in terms of non-audit work provided by the external auditors, but for good governance has chosen to implement its own policy in relation to the level of their remuneration and the extent of their non-audit services. At its meeting in March 2021 the Audit & Risk Committee was satisfied that the Group's external auditors' engagement policy had been complied with and concluded that the external auditors remained objective and independent and that the audit process was effective and robust. Azets Audit Services were last re-appointed external auditors in a tender process in June 2017. The Audit Committee identifies re-tendering of the external audit service around every five years as good practice.    Remuneration Committee The Committee's primary objective is to set remuneration at a level that will enhance the Group's resources by attracting, retaining and motivating quality senior management who can deliver the Group's strategic ambitions within a framework that is aligned with shareholder interests. The Committee firmly believes that the best people on the right remuneration, with an emphasis on performance, strengthens the Group's ability to face challenges emanating from economic and market change, and to deliver long-term sustainable value for all stakeholders. In 2021, the Committee comprised three Independent Non-Executive Directors. The Committee is chaired by Mark Yexley and the other members are Steven Cassidy and lain Reid. Stuart Lowrie is also invited to attend as observer from the City of Edinburgh Council. In 2021 there were 2 meetings. Nominations Committee The Board operates a Nominations Committee to ensure that the Board remains balanced and effective, that succession plans are in place, and that its structure, composition and skills remain aligned to the Group's strategic objectives. The Committee's primary objective, when necessary, is to identify and evaluate candidates for future appointments and, in doing so, it takes advice from independent external recruitment consultants. In 2021, the Committee comprised four Independent Non-Executive Directors. The Committee is chaired by James McFarlane and the other members are Susan Deacon, Steven Cassidy and Mark Yexley. Stuart Lowrie is also invited to attend as observer from the City of Edinburgh Council. The Committee has no formal schedule of meetings and meets as and when required. There were no meetings held in 2021. Regional Sub Committee The Regional Sub Committee is a Committee of the Board, comprising a number of Directors and at least one representative appointed by each Minority Shareholder. The Chairman of the Committee shall be appointed by the Board and is currently Susan Deacon. There shall be at least 2 meetings per year and in 2021 there were 3 meetings. The Committee shall review and consider the integration of the bus networks in Edinburgh and the Lothians as part of an integrated network of public transport. Executive Team The Executive Team is responsible for. the day-to-day management of the Group's business affairs under leadership of the Managing Director. The Team's duties include formulating strategy proposals for Board approval and ensuring that the agreed strategy is implemented in a timely and effective manner. The Executive Team consists of individuals responsible for the key business units and functions. The Team includes a Managing Director, Commercial Director, Operations Director, Engineering Director, Finance Director, Communications Director and ·People Director. Risk Register The Group operates a Risk Register to ensure that inherent and emerging risks are identified and managed in a timely manner and at an appropriate level. The Audit & Risk Committee and the Board review the Risk Register which is updated by the Executive Team for each meeting. The Committee and Board respond to specific areas of risk and approve and promote standards and best practice processes where control weaknesses are considered to exist. The Risk Register allows the Group's approach to risk management and mitigation to be focused on the key risks affecting the main financial and operational performance issues.
