   Board of Directors as 31 March 2022 comprised the following individuals: ~ Chairman X Sir Adrian Montague CBE Executive Directors Company Secretary ~ Charlie Cornish Chief Executive Officer )( Ken O'Toole Deputy Chief Executive Officer A Jan Bramall Chief Financial Officer X Jenny Cochrane '-..__/ '-..__/ '-..__/ '---/ '-..__/ Non-Executive Directors Catherine Schefer Jonathan Wragg Christian Seymour Manoj Mehta Councillor Beverley Appointed 1 Anne Craig December 2021 ~ Paul Venables ~ Appointed 22 February 2022 Councillor John Blundell ~ Sir Richard Leese ~ Resigned30 November 202 l Dr Bernard Priest Robert Napier CBE DL FRCS (HON) ~ Vanda Murray OBE Independent Auditor KPMG l St Peters Square Manchester "-..__/ M23AE    Leadership and governance This year has again seen shifting restrictions on international travel, culminating in the removal of all remaining restrictions on travel to the UK in March 2022. These changing conditions have continued to present challenges to how we do business, and we have needed to adjust our operations to respond to the latest regulations and manage costs while always protecting the health, safety and wellbeing of our customers, staff and partners. We have been able to navigate these challenges by drawing on the skills, expertise and dedication of our staff at every level of the Company. This is supported by robust business resilience plans, governance processes and internal control frameworks, and bolstered by the diverse insights and advice we receive from our Board. Strong corporate governance is a core foundation for any successful company, and we are committed to maintaining the highest standards of corporate governance and adopting best practice as it emerges. The following Corporate Governance Report, including the Board Committees' Reports and Directors' Reports, sets out how MAG applies governance standards in practice and reports against the Wates Principles, which MAG has adopted as its corporate governance code. MAG places great importance on the Board's role in embedding a positive culture and values across the organisation. The views of stakeholders are monitored by the Company's CSR Committee, chaired by Vanda Murray, and the Board's consideration of stakeholder views is described more fully in the s 172 statement below. -Furthermore, MAG recognises that diversity in its workforce provides access to a wider range of talents, experience and skills, promoting greater creativity, innovation and high performance. Further information provided in the Nomination Committee section on page 59. is This year, we have carried out a full review of our strategic risks. We were pleased to welcome two new Non-Executive Directors to our Board this year in the form of Cllr Bev Craig in December 2021, and Paul Venables in February 2022 (Audit Chair designate). Sir Richard Leese retired from our Board in November 202 l. The Board Evaluation process was deferred due to COVID-19 priorities and planned changes to the Board and as such a full Board Evaluation programme will commence over the course of the year. Stakeholder Introduction Statement by the Directors in Performance of their Statutory Duties in Accordance with s l 72(1) Companies Act 2006 Section 172(1) of the Companies Act 2006 requires directors to promote the success of the company for the benefit of its stakeholders and to achieve the Company's purpose. The Board of Directors are aware of their responsibilities and consider they have acted in accordance with their statutory duties. This section sets out how they have discharged this obligation.    Stakeholder Introduction continued The company's key stakeholders, and our interaction with them, is summarised below. Stakeholder Why they matter to MAG What matters to them How the Board interacts Shareholders Our shoreholders provide the equity finance necessary to support the operation and future development of the business. Shareholders also appoint Non-Executive Directors who are critical to overall governance and make a valuable contribution to the working of the Board. Our shareholders have invested in the long-term success of MAG. In return they seek predictable and sustainable returns on their investment. Our shareholders require high standards of governance, responsible business practices and transparent disclosure of information to inform their decision making. Shareholders are directly represented on the Boord and oversee the appointment of Nan-Executive Directors. They receive regular reports from the management team on oll aspects of the business. Shareholders receive regular reports from the CSR Committee, which considers responsible business practices, including environmental and community impacts, health, safety and wellbeing as well as equity, diversity and inclusivity (ED&I). Colleagues Colleagues are our greatest asset. They make our strategy a reality and deliver services to our customers. Their energy and ideos are critical to the continued innovation ond improvement of the services we offer. Our colleagues want a workplace that is sale, inclusive and offers them opportunities to develop their career. They expect to be treated fairly and to be rewarded appropriately for their contribution to the success of the company. Colleagues want to be a port of the decisions that affect them and to be supported by effective systems of internal communication. The Board receives regular reports on safety matters and scrutinises safety performance. The CSR Committee, which is attended by the Chief People Officer, provides on opportunity for workplace issues, including foir pay, equality, diversity and inclusion to be discussed. Passengers Passengers provide much of our income. They are the foundation for our business. It is important that, working with our airline partners, we provide an appropriate range of services to meet their transport needs. Our customers want our airports to be accessible; to provide a safe, secure, clean and welcoming environment, and to experience an efficient service. The Board receives regular reports on passenger feedback, including our use of the Net Promoter Scare. The Board's consideration of passenger experience includes detailed reports on the service provided to passengers who require additional support to access our services. Communities and the environment Many of our colleagues and customers are drawn from local communities and the economic impact of our operations is greatest in the regions we serve. Noise, congestion and local air quality impacts that arise due to our operations have greatest impact on communities closest to our airports, though some of the impacts of our operations, including climate change, have wider implications. It is vital that we understand the priorities of communities and ensure our operations take place within acceptable environmental limits. By doing so we earn our social licence ta operate and grow. Local communities want to share the economic success of our airports. They expect us to take all reasonable steps ta reduce local impacts, including noise and emissions. Communities are concerned by climate change and expect us to progressively reduce the emissions of our airports and work with airlines to ensure that together we play a full part in delivering the government's net zero targets. The Board has established the CSR Committee to allow extensive discussion of these issues. The Board regularly considers environmental impacts, including climate risks and considers the views of local communities through an independently facilitated materiality survey.    Stakeholder Introduction continued Stakeholder Why they matter to MAG What matters to them How the Board interacts Customers, partners and suppliers We deliver our services with the support of our airline customers, business partners and suppliers. Having effective relationships with them supports the long-term success of our businesses and maximises mutual benefit. It is important that those that we work with adopt responsible and sustainable practices, to minimise the risk to our operations and reputation. Our customers, partners and suppliers want to work with us to maximise mutual benefit. We work collaboratively including one-ta-one key account management meetings with all our business partners -including airlines, retailers, tenants and aviation service partners. Our Airport Consultative Committees bring these customer groups together with passenger and community representatives, whilst our Airport Operator Committees bring airlines together to consider operational practices and management policies. Significant issues are drawn to the attention of the Board and associated risks are captured in our risk register. Our approach to procurement accredited to the Corporate Certification Standard of the Chartered Institute of Procurement and Supply. This incorporates practices to make responsible procurement decisions which treat suppliers fairly, mitigate modern slavery, and ensure prompt payment. The Board receives regular reports on the management of the risks of modern slavery. is Industry, regulatory bodies, government and government agencies Our operations are highly regulated. The policy and regulatory framework is an important factor that determines how we operate including ensuring that we operate safely and securely, that competition is fair and that our environmental impacts are within acceptable limits. Government and industry regulators seek to work closely with industry partners and their associations to ensure that the policy and regulatory framework is informed by and takes full account of relevant issues. The Board receives regular updates on government policy and oversees our work to engage with government, government agencies and regulatory bodies to help formulate and implement their policies.    Having regard to the likely consequences of decisions in the long term As set out on page 69, the Board oversees a risk management process, including a dedicated Audit Committee that oversees the management and implementation of the risk framework. The regular review and assessment of risk that is shared with the board protects the long-term interests of MAG. This year key risks identified include the recruitment of relatively large numbers of staff as the business recovers from the impact of the pandemic, the uncertainty associated with the UK's exist from the European Union, climate change, safety, security and the regulatory environment. Whilst it hos been necessary in some instances to reduce and realign investment plans to respond to the impact of the pandemic, the Boord has continued to support the measures necessary to secure the long-term recovery of the business, including the completion of phase one of the Manchester T ronsformotion Project, which will deliver new terminal capacity. The Board hos also supported investment in a Future Airspace Programme, to ensure that airspace arrangements con support the objective to make best use of the airports' physical infrastructure. Having regard to the interests of the company's employees This hos been another challenging year for our colleagues. Despite taking full advantage of the Government's Coronovirus Job Retention Scheme (CJRS), it hos been necessary to better match the size of the workforce to the reduced passenger numbers using our airports in FY22. As passenger numbers began to recover, the impact of the Omicron variant, including the reimposition of Government travel restrictions, led to continued volatility. Where it has been necessary to make redundancies, this has been done only after full consultation with recognised trade unions, and those colleagues that left the business have been supported by our Airport Academies. Our Airport Academies have provided affected colleagues with a range of services, including job search, coaching, training and financial advice. The Board has overseen this process and received regular progress reports throughout. Through the CSR Committee, the Board has continued to receive regular reports on a wide range of workplace issues, including gender pay gap, equality, diversity and inclusion and modern slavery. Safety remains a critical priority for the Board and in addition to scrutinising regular safety performance reports, the CSR Committee has overseen the implementation of a new health and safety strategy. Having regard to the need to foster the company's business relationships with suppliers, customers and others As we recover from the impacts of the pandemic, our regular consultation forums have been maintained and strengthened. Our airport consultative committees bring together customers, airport users, government and community groups. At an operational and commercial level, liaison groups and regular one-to-one account management meetings ensure timely exchange of information. This enables us to understand the priorities of these important stakeholders and to ensure we take account of their views in decision making. This year we were able to reinstate our 'Meet the Buyer' programme. By holding a virtual event we were able to introduce l 00 potential suppliers, drown from local small and medium sized companies to the needs of our airports and the opportunities to supply MAG. This year we commissioned an independently facilitated materiality review to assess how stakeholders' are evolving. This review has helped to build our understanding and inform our decision making. views The Board receives regular reports on all aspects of the business, including a specific report on the findings of the materiality review.    Having regard to the impact of the company's operations on the community and the environment The company continues to maintain certification to the environmental management systems standard ISO 14001: This year we also made a first submission to the GRESB Real Estate Assessment, a global ESG benchmark, achieving the highest (five star) rating and the highest rating for a UK based company. We were also recognised by the Financial Times as one of Europe's Climate Leaders. Through the CSR Committee, the Board receives regular reports on environmental performance, considering a wide range of performance indicators, including legislative compliance. The Board continues to oversee the implementation of the CSR Strategy and the detailed supporting programme of work to deliver the commitments that it contains. This year the Board has received several reports on the issue of climate change, considering the developing policy framework, including the Government's Jet Zero Strategy, the measures being taken to achieve net zero operations and the assessment and reporting of climate risks consistent with the Taskforce on Climate Related Financial Disclosures (TCFD). The Board also received an updated assessment of the risks posed by the need to adapt to inevitable climate change. As set out on page 48, the reporting of emissions and climate risk have been further improved in this year's report. Having regard to the desirability of the company maintaining a reputation for high standards of business conduct The business continues to meet the requirements of the Global Reporting Initiative's fully disclosed standard, including reporting against the relevant sector supplement. The Board believes that full and transparent disclosure is important to build and maintain the confidence of stakeholders. MAG continues to maintain procedures to minimise the risk of bribery and corruption and to provide all colleagues with an anonymous service to report any instances of bullying or intimidation. The Board takes an active interest in issues that might impact MAG's reputation. Having regard to the need to act fairly as between members of the company MAG is owned jointly by the ten councils of Greater Manchester and IFM Investors. Shareholders appoint representatives to the Board in equal number and oversee the appointment of Non-Executive Directors, to ensure good governance. The Board meets regularly, providing full reports on all relevant aspects and the company seeks, at all times, to ensure that appropriate information is made available to all shareholders in a timely and consistent way.    MAG structure and governance arrangements In ownership terms, the Group is structured as a joint venture between the ten local authorities- of the Greater Manchester region and IFM Global Infrastructure Fund (IFM GIF), which is advised by IFM Investors PTY Ltd. In this way, MAG's ownership structure is unique and comprises an effective blend of public and private shareholders, including Manchester City Council (35.5)%, IFM GIF (35.5)% and the nine other Greater Manchester local authorities (29.0)%. Amongst those owners, Manchester City Council and IFM GIF hold {in equal shares) the voting rights in board meetings of Manchester Airports Holdings Limited (the holding company of the Group), have certain matters reserved for their exclusive decision as shareholders, and make two appointments each to the Board. Conyers Trust Company 9 District Councils 1 Manchester City Council (50% voting) (Cayman) Limited as Trustee for IFM Global lnfastructure Fund (50% voting) I I I Manchester Holdings Airports Limited (MAHL) 1 (The Borough Council of Bolton, the Borough Council of Bury, the Oldham Borough Council, the Rochdale Borough Council, the Council of the City of Salford, the Metropolitan Borough Council of Stockport, the Tomeside Metropolitan Borough Council, the Trofford Borough Council and lhe Wigan Borough Council    Board of Directors Board Committees The role of the Board The Board is accountable to the shareholders for developing, setting and delivering the Group's strategic objectives, safeguarding its reputation and maximising its multiple stakeholder relationships (as set out further in the s l 72 statement). The directors satisfy themselves that the necessary resources and controls are in place to do this and to manage risks effectively, whilst at the same time setting and overseeing maintenance of the Group's values and standards. The Board is comprised of l 3 directors, being three MAG executive directors (including the Group Executive) and ten Non-Executive Directors (including the Chair) 1 . Chief It is considered that the size of the Board is appropriate for the requirements of the business and that there is a good balance of executive, independent and shareholder-appointed Non-Executive Directors on the Board, with the Shareholder representative groups being equally represented. The Board is provided with updates every month and normally meets formally six times a year. In addition, the Board considers specific business matters on other occasions and met regularly during the COVID- 19 pandemic. Certain matters are reserved for decision by the Board and other matters reserved for decision of the voting shareholders. Chair and Chief Executive The roles of the Chair and Group Chief Executive are separate and clearly defined. The Chair is responsible for the leadership of the Board. He orchestrates its work (in close consultation the Group Chief Executive) and plays a critical role in ensuring that it delivers effectively on its accountabilities and that the diverse capabilities of individual Board members are used to the best advantage of the Group as a whole. with The Group Chief Executive is responsible for the day-to-day management of the Group, the development and implementation of strategy, and the delivery of Group financial and operational objectives. He is supported by his executive committee which comprises: Deputy Chief Executive, Chief Financial Officer, Chief of Staff, General Counsel and Company Secretary, Chief Information Officer, Chief Development Officer, Chief People Officer and Chief Executive of CAVU. Non-Executive Directors The Non-Executive Directors bring extensive knowledge, skills and experience from both the private and public sectors, which allows the executive team to be supported in the development and execution of strategy whilst ensuring that plans and proposals are constructively challenged and the performance of management in meeting agreed goals and objectives is scrutinised. All Non-Executive Directors are appointed subject to objective capability criteria and the appointment of every independent Non-Executive Director (including their remuneration) is, in common with that of executive directors, subject to prior approval of the voting shareholders. The Non-Executive Directors appointed by the voting shareholders hold office for so long as the shareholders wish them to do so. 1 Please note that these figures include Poul Venables who was appointed in Morch 2022 as Audit Choir designate and will assume the role and responsibilities of the Audit Choir when Robert Napier retires at the end of June 2022.    The remaining Non-Executive Directors are appointed initially for a term of three years, with any renewal thereof being a matter for the voting shareholders (on the recommendation of the Board and the Nomination Committee). Any decision on such renewal will hove regard to the contribution mode by the director in the immediately preceding period and relevant corporate governance best pradice at the time to ensure the ongoing efficacy of the Board. Independent Non-Executive Directors The Boord considers there to be five independent Non-Executive Directors, being Vonda Murray, Catherine (Cath) Schefer, Robert Napier, Jonathon (Jon) Wragg and Paul Venables 1 . Vanda Murray hos now served on the Boord for 11 years as of July 2021. Given the material issues that the business continues to contend with as a consequence of COVID-19, together with her immense wealth of knowledge of the Company and business acumen, the shareholders and Nomination Committee hove concluded that her tenure should continue. Sir Adrian Montague also meets the independence criteria set out in the Code, both on his appointment as Choir, and at all times since. The shareholder appointed Non-Executive Directors during the year were Cllr Bev Craig (who replaced Sir Richard Leese following her becoming Leader of Manchester City Council in December 2021), Cllr John Blundell (representatives for the District Councils of Manchester) and Monoj Mehta and Christian Seymour (representatives for IFM GIF). Board members background I bios Further information on all individual Board members, including their background at all times on the MAG corporate website at www.mogoirports.com Board Effectiveness and experience is available To support quality decision-toking, prior to each meeting on a timely basis the Board receives a comprehensive suite of executive reports and papers covering commercial, operational and health and safety matters across the Group. This is received together with a detailed Group finance review and, when appropriate, on appraisal of current strategic opportunities and corporate risks. In the months when it does not meet on abridged reporting pock is provided. The Boord hos established Audit, Corporate Social Responsibility and Remuneration committees with specific delegated authorities (more information on the membership and remit of each of these is provided later in this report). The Boord also ensures, through the work of the Nomin'ation Committee, that succession planning at Board, executive and senior management levels reflects the changing needs of the Group's businesses. The Group has a formal induction programme comprising a combination of introductory meetings, site visits, briefing materials, and the opportunity to meet the shareholders, the external auditors and other key stakeholders. The induction content includes corporate strategy and structure; current and recent board topics; sectoral and competitive context; key operations; financial pe_rformance and funding; reputation and brand; and stakeholder management.    Board Committees continued The Group seeks to provide the necessary resources to enable directors to remain abreast of developments relevant to the Group's business, operation and their own responsibilities. In addition, the directors may tqke independent advice in relation to their duties at the Company's expense, if appropriate. s 172 Companies Act 2006 The Board take decisions with a long-term perspective and the annual business planning cycle assists in focusing on the impact of decisions on the long-term strategy. The Company Secretary plays an important role in advising the Board on the s 172 requirements by setting out the substance of those requirements at appropriate times in order to ensure meianingful discussion with regards to: • • • • • • •. considering the likely consequences of any decision in the long term; considering the interests of MAG employees; fostering and developing MAG business relationships with suppliers, customers and others; assessing the impact of the operation on the community and the environment {as further explored on page 45 in the CSR Report); assisting MAG in maintaining a reputation for high standards of business conduct; and acting fairly as between members of MAG. The separate Section 1 72 section at pages 50 to 52 illustrates how the Board and management have taken account of these matters in decision making throughout the year. The impact of the MAG operation on the community and environment (including climate change) in particular is addressed in detail in the Strategic Report on pages 40 to 48. Wates Principles MAG keeps under review and seeks to adhere to the Wates Principles at all times with regards the structure and effectiveness of its internal governance arrangements and size and composition of the Board. In particular, Principle 2 of the Wates Principles (Boord Composition) advises: ·"Effective board composition requires an effective chair and o balance of skills, backgrounds, experience and knowledge, with individual directors having sufficient capacity to make a valuable contribution. The size of a board should be guided by the scale and complexity of the company." MAG considers that the structure outlined above and the individuals appointed to the Board adheres to the guidance set out in the Wates Principles (and in particular this Principle 2) with regards the balance and diversity, size and structure and effectiveness of the Board. Furthermore, in adherence to Principle 3 {Director Responsibilities) of the Wates Principles, MAG considers that through the arrangements set out above the Board and individual directors hove a clear understanding of their accountability and responsibilities and that the corporate governance arrangements and procedures support effective decision-making and independent challenge.    Nomination Committee    Chair: Sir Adrian Montague CBE In an organisation as varied and diverse os MAG, the Nomination Committee plays an important role in ensuring that the structure, size and composition of the Board, monitoring the balance of skills, knowledge, experience and diversity on the Board, leading the process for potential appointments to the Board, and overseeing succession planning in respect of the directors (other than the shareholder-appointed directors) and senior executives. The appointment of the Chair is undertaken by the voting shareholders. As set out below, I am satisfied that the Nomination Committee met its responsibilities. Alongside myself as the Chair, the other Committee members are the Non-Executive Directors of the Board. The Nomination Committee meets at least once per year and at other times as required. During the financial year ended 31 March 2022 the Committee met five times. All of the members of the Committee attended the meetings, at which the following was considered: • Renewal of non-executive director contracts of Sir Adrian Montague and Vanda Murray; • Update on the businessmodel during COVID-19 and successionplanning following senior leadership exits; • Update on the new e-commerce businessCAVU; and • Appointment of Paul Venables as Audit Chair designate following the planned retirement of Robert Napier in June 2022. In respect of its people more generally, the Group recognises that diversity in its workforce provides access to a wider range of talents, experience and skills, promoting greater creativity and innovation. By increasingly reflecting the communities and cultures that surround it, the Group continues to believe it can become ever more responsive to the many and varied needs of its customers. MAG is committed to promoting inclusion and creating a positive and diverse environment, where all individuals are valued and respected, but recognises that engendering and maintaining that environment requires constant attention and a strong emphasis on leadership awareness and capability. COVID- l 9 has had an impact on the advancement of the MAG Diversity Programme and the Board, as a whole, will review progress as part of its succession planning and Group People Strategy during the FY23 financial year.    Audit Committee Chair: Robert Napier CBE DL FRCS (Hon) Alongside myself, membership of the Audit Committee at 31st Morch 2022 included Vanda Murray, Jon Wragg, John Blundell and Manoj Mehta (all Non-Executive Directors with Manoj Mehta being shareholder appointed). The Audit Committee is responsible, primarily, for monitoring the Group's financial statements, the adequacy and effectiveness of its internal control systems (including financial controls), the operation of its risk management frameworks and whistleblowing procedures, and for reviewing the appointment, independence, performance and cost effectiveness of the Group's external auditor. During the year, the Committee: • • • • • • • • • • • • reviewed the Annual considerations; reviewed and updated the Treasury Policy; reviewed and updated the Tax Strategy and Tax Policy; monitored the Group's cyber security activity and key controls; considered the impact of changes to the accounting and financial reporting regimes applicable to the Group; reviewed the Group's internal control and risk management systems, and the outcomes of risk management and risk-based internal audit work; considered internal audit skills and resources in the current situation and satisfied itself that these are adequate to meet the needs of the business and will be supplemented with co-sourced independent specialist support as and when necessary; reviewed and challenged management in relation to findings from internal audit reviews; assessed the adequacy and basis of renewal of the Group's insurance provision; review of alternative performance measures and adjusted items; evaluated the external audit activity, specifically in relation to the key risks (impairment of non-financial assets, going concern and valuation of investment property) and key judgemental areas (pensions and tax); and in the course of satisfying itself as to the independence and objectivity of the external auditor, analysed the level of fees paid to the external auditor for audit and non-audit work, and the performance of the external auditor. Report and Accounts and Interim Report including going concern and impairment In the assessment of the draft FY22 annual report and financial statements, given the continuing issues created by the COVID- 19 pandemic, there was a continued robust focus upon the evidence supporting the ability of the company to release its financial statements on a going concern basis, the viability of the company and ensuring that the annual report was fair, balanced and understandable. The directors consider that the annual report and accounts, taken as a whole is fair, balanced and understandable; and provides the information necessary for shareholders to assess the company/group's position and performance, business model and strategy. The Audit Committee and April 2022. met formally three times as part of its regular cycle in June 2021, November 2021    Audit Committee continued All the members attended all meetings (with the exception of J Blundell who sent apologises for the November 2021 meeting and Paul Venables joined the Committee in April 2022 as Choir designate). At the November meeting the Committee decided to re-tender MAG's external audit services and in January 2022 a sub-group of the Audit Committee alongside representatives from Management (the Sub-Committee) met to evaluate the proposals received. Following a robust evaluatio!7 process the Sub-Committee recommended to appoint Ernst Young LLP as statutory auditor for a 5 year period commencing from FY23 which was subsequently approved by the full Audit Committee and the Boord of Directors. The external auditor, the Chief Executive, the Chief Financial Officer and the Chief Audit Officer all routinely attend the Committee's meetings. Each of the external auditor and the Chief Audit Officer have the opportunity to meet the members of the Committee and/or the Committee's Chair, without executive management present. The Board is satisfied that, through the range of skills and business experience possessed by each member of the Audit Committee, throughout this financial year, the Audit Committee as a whole had the competence relevant to the sectors in which the Group operates. CSR Committee Chair: Vonda Murray OBE 'Working together for a brighter future' In 2020 the CSR Committee welcomed MAG's new Corporate Social Responsibility (CSR) Strategy, 'Working together for a brighter future'. Despite an extremely challenging period for MAG's airports, their colleagues and communities, the Committee has been pleased to see the progress that has been made, and how the Strategy has informed MAG's response to the pandemic. MAG has listened to the voices of its local communities and wider stakeholders, gaining important insight to identify priority issued and guide it's CSR Strategy. With travel restrictions eased and the aviation sector now seeing a strong recovery, MAG's longstanding commitment to corporate responsibility will be important to attracting and retaining talented people, driving recruitment, operating sustainably, and returning value to the communities its airports serve. With corporate responsibility a key issue for investors, the CSR Committee has been encouraged to see MAG demonstrate how its CSR Strategy addresses environmental, social and governance (ESG) issues. Full disclosure of performance and policies provides a solid foundation for ESG and in MAG's first year of participation, I was pleased to see the business recognised by the GRESB ESG benchmark as a 'five star' organisation and a 'sector leader'. It has also been wonderful to see MAG achieving further recognition on specific CSR issues. With climate change the defining issue of our time, it is particularly notable that MAG .has been named a Financial Times European Climate Leader for 2021 and 2022, recognising our longstanding commitment to decarbonise our business and the wider aviation industry. This year MAG is continuing its approach to transparent performance reporting. This report includes an overview of MAG's CSR programmes, performance against key measures and provides detailed climate disclosures which fulfil many of the recommendations of the Task Force on Climate-Related Financial Disclosures (TCFD). Further information will be provided in MAG's detailed CSR Report later this year which will continue to meet the 'comprehensive' standard for disclosures established by the Global Reporting Initiative.    ng CSR is at the core of MAG's recovery from the pandemic, MAG will deliver a sustainable recovery which benefits its colleagues and communities, enriching the regions it serves. Strong governance and effective leadership position the business well to deliver it's CSR Strategy, creating opportunity for local people, minimising impacts on the environment and responding to the needs of a diverse group of stakeholders. COVID-19 It is now more than a year since the onset of the COVID- 19 pandemic, its impacts ore clear to see both within MAG and its communities. However, it hos been pleasing to see that, during particularly difficult times, MAG and its colleagues hove risen to the challenge. Through generous volunteering programmes and community funds that provide valuable financial support to community organisations, MAG hos truly demonstrated that it is a responsible corporate citizen. Protecting passengers and staff from COVID-19 hos been a key priority for MAG this year. MAG's science-based approach, developed in partnership with health experts, implements, exceeds and verifies compliance with government guidance. As a result, customers and colleagues con be confident that MAG's airports ore a safe environment and that all risks hove been considered and appropriately mitigated. Throughout the year, MAG's colleagues hove demonstrated genuine strength and resilience. Amid difficult circumstances they hove adopted to different ways of working and, to protect the future of the business, large numbers of colleagues hove been furloughed. Supporting colleagues' physical and mental wellbeing hos been on important focus this year. Sadly, the pandemic hos led to some colleagues leaving the business. However, it hos been good to see MAG Connect's Airport Academies step up to the mark, providing employability and skills support to affected colleagues and linking them to appropriate vacancies. MAG's focus on wellbeing will continue over coming months, ensuring colleagues ore supported during their reintroduction into the workplace as passenger numbers return to normal levels. A year in review This year the CSR Committee met four times, with my fellow Non-Executive Directors John Wragg and Coth Schefer attending all meetings. We were pleased to be joined by the Choir of the Boord, and senior executives, including the Managing Directors of all MAG's airports. In addition to regular reporting of performance, and extensive discussion regarding MAG's response to the COVID-19 pandemic, the Committee received reports considering a wide range of issues including: • Health, safety and wellbeing; • Business resilience; • DivP.rsity ond inclusion, including gender pay gap; • Climate change, including national and international carbon policy; • Decarbonisation, renewable energy and low emission vehicles; • Aircraft noise and airspace modernisation; • Skills and education projects, including support for colleagues leavin    CSR Committee continued • Modern slavery; ond • CSR reporting, communications and engagement. The 'Sustainability at MAG' section of this report, at page 40, provides further information about the Group's work in this area. Later this year, MAG will again publish a full CSR Report, including full disclosure against the Global Reporting Initiative Comprehensive Option and associated sectoral standard. Remuneration Committee Chair: Vonda Murray OBE I am pleased to set out the Remuneration Report for the year ended 31st March 2022. This sets out details of our remuneration policy and principles alongside key activities undertaken in the year. What are our reward principles and how do these link to MA G's strategy? The Committee considers the Group's key strategic priorities when setting remuneration and ensures that all remuneration packages are linked to the long-term sustainable financial performance of the Group. The Committee ensures that any incentive structure drives performance that will enhance the experience of our customers, shareholder and our colleagues. As one of the largest employers in the. region, MAG is also committed to being a good corporate citizen and doing the right thing for our colleagues and local communities and therefore supports the Corporate Social Responsibility (CSR) Committee in areas such as fairness, gender pay and diversity and inclusion. The Committee is also guided by the following principles: • attract and retain talent - allow the Group ta attract, motivate and retoin senior executives of high-colibre who are capable of delivering the Group's stretching objectives; • performance-driven - link rewards to both individual and corporate performance,. responsibility a~d contribution over both the short and long term; • market aligned - position the Group competitively in the principal markets (both private and listed companies) where it competes for talent; • fair - fairly designed and applied with consideration to market positioning, internal relativity and individual contribution, in the context of pay within the wider workforce; and • simple - rewards are simple and understandable with a clear link between performance expectations, outcomes and rewards. What were the Committee's responsibilities and key activities undertaken in FY22? The activities during FY22 were again influenced by the impact of COVID- l 9. Following the l 0% pay cut that was applied for all Directors and employees during the previous year, the policy for pay in this year was guided by the Pay Stability Agreement. This set out the principle that pay be linked to working patterns, the categories being fully working (l 00% pay), part working (90% pay) or not working (80%) pay. This applied throughout the Group for the entire year.    Remuneration Committee continued During the year, in addition to the regular duties the Committee policies, giving consideration to market trends in remuneration wider workforce, the Committee: performs year on year such as 'reviewing and considering pay in the context of the • • • • reviewed market information on pay for Executive Directors and Senior Executives; implemented a pay freeze for the second year in succession. This applied to all Executive Directors and Employees and reflected the continuing impact of COVID- 19 on the Group; applied the principles of the pay Stability Agreement. [As all Executive.Directors were fully working from l April 2021 they hove accordingly hove been on l 00% pay for FY22.] deployed Short-Term and Long-Term Incentive awards during the year that ore closely linked to the planned recovery of MAG post pandemic Directors' Remuneration Report Membership of the Committee, Remit and Attendance at Meetings The Committee's members during the year were Vanda Murray (Chair), Christian Seymour, Cath Schefer and Sir Richard Leese (all Non-Executive Directors, with Christian Seymour and Sir Richard Leese being shareholder-appointed). During the year Richard Leese was replaced by Bev Craig pursuant to the change of leader of Manchester City Council. The Committee met three times during the financial year. How do we reward our Executives and how does this link to the Group's strategy? -Reword element and purpose strategy 111 supporlmg the Group's Operot,on executives of reward element for Executive D,reclors and senior Basic Salary Support the recruitment and retention of executive directors end other senior executives, recognising the size and scope of the role end the individual's skills and experience. The basic salaries of Executive Directors and Senior Executives ore reviewed annually and set based on: • • • • • personal performance; Group size and performance; responsibility levels; affordability; and competitive market practice against a comparator of similar sized organisations. group Individuals who ore recruited or promoted to the Boord may, on occasion, hove their salaries set below the targeted policy level until they become established in their role. In such coses subsequent increases in salary may be higher until the target positioning is achieved. Along with all employees, no pay award was mode in FY22 to Executive Directors or Senior Executives.    strategy Short-TermIncentivePlan (STIP) Ensures a market-competitive remuneration package. Links total remuneration to achievement of the Group's strategy against measurable performance criteria in the short-term, both driving individual performance and creating shareholder value. Long-Term Incentive Plan (LTIP) Designed to incentivise executive directors and key senior managers towards long-term sustainable results and creating shareholder value, whilst acting os o retention tool. Operation executwes of reward element for Executwe Directors and senior Short Term Incentive awards were deployed during the year. These awards vest subject to the achievement of key measures of recovery, being financial, personal and strategic targets. Any incentive value in excess of 80% of salary is paid in the form of deferred cash to be released one year ofter the initial payment, subject to continued employment. In addition to the performance targets, the Committee retain the discretion to reduce STIP awards in port or in full for this year, based on on overall osses_smentof both Group and personal performance. In line with best practice, o clowbock provision is included in the STIP. This provision enables the Group to reduce awards or reclaim payments mode, in the event of a material misstatement or error in the financial results, where the Group hos mode on error in calculating the amount of award, or where there hos been gross misconduct on the port of the participant. New Long-Term Incentive Awards were deployed during the year closely aligned to MAG's anticipated recovery over the period to FY23 and FY24. Vesting of awards is dependent on the achievement of finonciol targets, but awards con be reduced by up to 30% based on personal performance. Long-TermIncentivePion Designed to incentivise participants towards sustainable long term growth and shareholder value, whilst acting as on effective retention mechanism Following the cancellation of all previous in-flight awards, The Committee mode Long-Term Incentive awards during the year. The performance period for these awards runs to Morch 2024 and the performance measures ore closely linked to the recovery programme for MAG following the impact of COVID-19. These awards hove on interim measure of performance at Morch 2023. The quantum of awards mode ore representative of the need to both retain and incentivise key participants during this critical recovery period. The Committee reserve the discretion to reduce owords down to nil where it considers underlying performance is not ot o satisfactory level during the performance period. Pension The pension arrangements comprise port of o competitive remuneration package and facilitate long-term retirement savings for executive directors and senior executives. The Company provides pension benefits to eligible employees through legacy defined benefit arrangements or the MAG Defined Contribution Pension Scheme, which is o defined contribution (DC) arrangement. The DC orrongement is available for newly eligible employees and provides money purchase pension benefits. Executive directors and senior executives ore entitled to receive a· salary supplement in lieu of pension contributions. Additional benefits Provide a market competitive benefits package that is consistent with Group values and supports executives to carry out their duties effectively. Other benefits include o car cash allowance, or an equivalent car, in addition to permanent health insurance, private health insurance, critical illness cover and death-in-service life cover. Directors' remuneration is set out in note 6 to the financial statements.    Directors' Remuneration Report continued How does the· CommiMee give consideration to the wider employee workforce? The Committee understands the importance of giving consideration to the wider employee workforce when making remuneration decisions, in terms of fairness, gender pay and diversity and inclusion. The Remuneration Committee works closely with the Corporate Social Responsibility (CSR) Committee to understand the positive work being done in this area and the stakeholder engagement undertaken as part of the CSR agenda. More information about the Group's Commitment to gender pay and diversity and inclusion can be found in the Sustainability section of the report on pages 43 to 45. Examples of the initiatives MAG have implemented are: • we allow our Colleagues two days' paid time off per year to volunteer in the community; • we continue to offer a Flexible Benefits system that allows employee to choose the benefits most appropriate their circumstances; • we have produced a Gender Pay Report as set out in the Gender Pay Regulations; and • we ensure compliance with the National Living wage.    Internal controls and risk management Internal controls The directors are responsible for the Group's system of internal control, which aims to safeguard assets and shareholders' investment, and seeks to ensure that proper accounting records are maintained, that statutory and regulatory requirements are met, and that the Group's business is operated economically, effectively and efficiently. It is acknowledged that any system of internal control is most likely to manage rather than eliminate risk, and can provide only reasonable, but not absolute, assurance against material misstatement or loss. The Group's system of internal control has been in place throughout the year and up to the date of this Annual Report. The key elements of the internal control environment, which includes the process for preparing the consolidated financial statements, are: • • • • • • • • • • • clearly defined organisational structures, schemes of delegation and lines of responsibility; the involvement of qualified, professional employees with an appropriate level of experience (both in the Group's Finance function and throughout the business); regular meetings of the Board and of the Chief Executive's Executive Committee; Board approval of long-term business strategies, key business objectives and annual budgets (with an annual review being undertaken to update the business strategies and key business objectives); preparation, and Board approval, of revised financial forecasts during the year - monitoring financial performance on a monthly basis against budget, and the benchmarking of key performance indicators, with remedial action being taken where appropriate; monitoring annual performance against business plans; established procedures for planning, approving and monitoring capital projects, together with post project investment appraisal; regular review by the Group's Finance function of each business unit including a reconciliation to the management accounts on a segmental basis; the review by the Audit Committee and the Boord of the draft consolidated financial statements, and receipt of and consideration by the Audit Committee of reports from management and the external auditor, on significant judgements and other pertinent matters relating to those statements; the activities of the Internal Audit function {see below); implementation of Group-wide procedures, policies, standards and processes concerning business activities, including financial reporting, health and safety, and human resources. The Group has an established, independent Internal Audit function, the role of which is to provide impartial, objective audit, assurance and consulting activity that is designed to strengthen, improve and add value to core processes and procedures across the Group. The Internal Audit team takes a disciplined and risk-based approach to evaluating and improving the effectiveness of risk management, internal controls and governance processes, aimed at providing assurance that key risks are being well managed, and controls are adequately designed and operating effectively. Their approach is based on professional best practice, in particular, the 2020 Internal Audit Code of Practice. MAG continues to apply the Chartered Institute of Internal Auditors Standards to its Internal Audit methodology, processes and procedures.    Internal controls continued An annual risk-based Internal Audit Plan is developed which proJides coverage of the Group's risk profile over a rolling three year period, with an initial focus on areas of high inherent risk and areas where the Group is heavily reliant on mitigating controls to manage the risk to an acceptable level. The plan is reviewed and refreshed in line with MAG's annual cycle of Audit Committee meetings and according to the Group's evolving risk profile. Over the course of the year, the Internal Audit team hos carried out 13 reviews across a broad range of areas including: health and safety, specifically COVID-19 control measures and fire safety governance; airport security and operations; core financial controls; and procurement, including supplier management and governance. The IT audit plan this year has remained focused on key cyber and information security risks, and deep dives have been conducted into areas such as MAG Active Directory and Privileged Access Management. Specifically this year and in line with Internal Audit standards, Internal Audit activity has focused on the adequacy and continuous improvement of MAG's 2nd line functions and the associated controls and assurance processes that are in place across the Group. Where relevant, Internal Audit scopes include a review of governance arrangements and as appropriate, the reliability and quality of key business information which is being provided to support strategic decision-making processes across the business. The Internal Audit team carries out an annual self-assessment exercise to establish its effectiveness and any areas for improvement, based on the Chartered Institute of Internal Auditors Standards. The most recent exercise confirmed full compliance with those Standards and an action plan has been developed to support the team's objective for continuous improv~ment in respect of quality assurance processes and procedures. In line with best practice, MAG also operates an independently provided, confidential reporting telephone helpline and web portal for employees to raise matters of concern in relation to fraud, dishonesty, corruption, theft, security and bribery. All claims are fully investigated in line with MAG's standard policies and procedures and a full whistleblowing update is provided at each Audit Committee meeting. As part of Internal Audit's activity in year we have also reviewed the business's application of policies and procedures (for areas under review) with the aim of supporting the dissemination and standardisation of good working practices and raising awareness of any non-compliance and areas for improvement. This ensures that there is the appropriate tone from the top and consistency of controls and processes across the Group that are aligned to MAG's Organisational Design and core objectives. Internal Audit aims to add value by ensuring that MAG behaviours and culture in respect of risk appetite, risk mitigation and subsequent controls assurance is instilled across the business. Based on the Internal Audit work delivered during the year, in the context of materiality, and considering management's commitment to implement agreed control improvement recommendations, the Internal Audit team concluded that MAG's internal control and risk activities were operating effectively for the period under review. On behalf of the Board, the Audit Committee has received the Chief Audit Officer's Annual Report and Opinion and has conducted a review of the effectiveness of the system of internal control. Regular reports on control issues ore presented to, and discussed with, the Audit Committee, and there is a process in place to ensure that audit recommendations are fully implemented by senior executive management. As such, 98% of recommendations made during the period have now been fully implemented or are on track to be implemented in line with initial agreed deadlines. There ore updated, risk-based deadlines in place for the 2% of overdue actions.    Internal controls continued The Board, having considered the Audit Committee's have been identified in the system of internal control. Risk management review, is able to confirm that no significant failings At MAG we believe that effective risk management is critical to our success as a business - from delivering safe, secure and efficient operations which provide a great customer experience, to the delivery of our strategy and business plans, all of which are underpinned by a clear understanding of the risk environment and robust strategies to manage and mitigate material risks. MAG's Risk Management Framework covers the full spectrum of our corporate and operational activities -the framework is embedded in day to-day operations and is characterised by strong management ownership and engagement. MAG operates a '3 Lines of Defence' governance model whereby risk is owned and managed by management within the business (' l st Line'), supported and facilitated by a Risk Management function ('2nd line') and independently assured by functions including MAG's own Internal Audit Department ('3rd Line'). MAG's Risk Management Framework is focused on providing management, the Audit Committee and Board with a clear and current view of the organisation's risk profile and our strategies to manage and mitigate material risks and to identify emerging risks. The framework is structured to ensure that all aspects of the Group's risk profile are subject to regular review at the strategic, corporate and operational levels, and to provide for prompt escalation and assessment of material risks and/or those that may be emerging at the appropriate governance level(s) as they arise or are identified. This assessment process is underpinned annually through the delivery of an extensive programme of risk review workshops, facilitated by our team of risk specialists who support management across the organisation in identifying and evaluating key risks and those that are emerging and developing effective mitigation strategies designed to manage risk exposure to an acceptable level. The framework also enables management to identify and evaluate potential business and operational opportunities, enhancing the ability of the organisation to maximise these at an early stage and in a controlled manner. The Risk Management Framework provides a clear and comprehensive basis for a consistent approach to risk management across the business. This solid foundation means that leaders can respond with agility to new and emerging risks thanks to a clear understanding of how risks should be identified, measured, monitored and governed. It has allowed MAG to respond quickly and thoroughly to the risks as a result of the COVID-19 pandemic. This served to ensure the continuity of the organisation through a time of unprecedented uncertainty with a subsequent strong recovery in operations. Growing back this quickly has not been without its challenges. Having a well-embedded risk management process allows MAG to identify the key uncertainties and challenges resulting from an upsurge in demand alongside the mitigations and actions required to sustain a successful recovery. Risk appetite is well understood within the business and forms a key element of our risk evaluation methodology, providing clear boundaries for management on the levels of risk the business is prepared to accept, and prompting action where risks fall outside our defined appetite. Defined risk tolerances provide the foundation for consistent evaluation of risk across the business and the basis for assessing risks against our stated risk appetites.    Risk management continued The MAG Risk Management Framework establishes a set of key evaluation criteria for risk impact scoring. Each of these impacts is associated with a relevant appetite. In this way a greater appetite may be attributed to some commercial risks compared to a significantly lower appetite for regulatory and health and safety risks. Risks are escalated through the reporting process based on whether they are inside or outside of appetite. This enables a clear differentiation between a higher scoring risk for which MAG has a greater tolerance and a lower scoring risk for which the appetite is low or indeed zero. This methodology applies to all MAG risks from operational through to strategic level. This consistent approach facilitates comparison of risks which means the most significant are escalated to appropriate governance forums. Risk appetite is considered by the Audit Committee as part of its annual plan of work to ensure that it remains fit for purpose. Strong emphasis is placed on the development and implementation of robust action plans to mitigate or manage identified risks to a level which is inside MAG's risk appetite. Timely implementation of risk action plans is monitored by our Risk Team and progress is regularly reported to senior management and, where appropriate, to the Audit Committee and Board. Ownership and accountability are key to the success of any risk framework, and·management at all levels are expected to engage actively in the risk management process and take full ownership of risks within their areas of responsibility. As a minimum, management are required to engage in risk review workshops in advance of each Audit Committee meeting, ensuring that the Executive Committee and Audit Committee have an accurate and up-to-date view of the Group's risk profile throughout the year. This process is supported by the regular engagement of MAG's Risk Team with Risk Owners and their teams. This ensures that risk is considered on a regular basis and remains at the forefront of business planning and decision-making. The Audit Committee and our Executive Tearn receive regular detailed management information on the Group's risk profile through risk reports which highlight key risks, material changes to the risk profile and risks outside appetite. In addition, Airport Leadership Teams receive regular risk reports with a focus on both the risk profile and management's progress in implementing agreed mitigating actions. Management is accustomed to regular constructive challenge on its strategies to manage key risk exposures and is held to target deadlines to implement agreed mitigating actions. Risk management is embedded in MAG's decision-making processes through the requirement to provide detailed risk assessments within business case submissions and decision papers submitted to the Board and our various other governance forums. In addition, the Board receives periodic updates on the Group's risk profile to support strategic decision-making. This includes the outputs of biannual Strategic Risk workshops held with the Executive team to ensure that MAG's strategic and emerging risk assessments remain up to dote and accurate. At MAG we continuously strive to maintain a strong risk management culture which is open and transparent. It is important that management feel able to discuss risk issues openly and receive the support it needs to ensure that risks are actively managed or mitigated. The Risk Team engages regularly with management across the business to achieve this, facilitating open conversations around risk, ensuring they have the knowledge and tools to manage risk effectively within their own areas of responsibility. The established processes outlined above mean that risk is considered at all levels of the organisation. Regular liaison with senior management provides a basis on which to consider new and emerging risks.    Risk management continued Horizon scanning of risks is the responsibility of all senior MAG officers, supported by the Risk team to ensure that they are recorded in a timely manner to ensure appropriate governance and attention. Any significant or strategic risks are supported by the establishment of programmes with their own registers, input to by the programme team. Our Internal Audit Team provides management and the Audit Committee with independent assurance over the management of MAG's risk profile through the delivery of a risk-based Strategic Internal Audit Plan which assesses the adequacy and effectiveness of the internal control environment. The Plan is designed to provide assurance over the Group's risk profile across a rolling 3 year period with a focus on prioritising the biggest risks. In this way there is a clear process to ensure that the Strategic Internal Audit Plan is aligned with the assessment of MAG's key risks. Findings from Internal Audit reports are reflected in the risk register to contribute to enhancing the robustness of existing controls, identifying new controls and the actions agreed by management where areas for development are identified. Principal risks The table below summarises the key risks identified during the year, with details of the strategies for managing them and some of the potential opportunities they present: Risk Recruitment of volume hires Mitigation strategy Opportunities The COVID-19 pandemic had an unprecedented and sustained impact on the aviation industry. As a result of this, many operational colleagues left the business, either to pursue other opportunities or due to redundancy. As travel restrictions have eased and customer confidence has returned, we have seen a marked increase in passenger numbers. Whilst this represents a welcome and extremely positive return towards pre-pandemic levels of activity, it represents a significont demand on operational colleagues only a short time after restrictions have eased. There is currently o significant difference in current available resource and resource required to deliver effective operations at each airport. This is exacerbated by the competition in the market to recruit os well as the necessary process MAG frontline colleagues must undergo before they are permitted to work in the operation. In order to process increased passenger numbers safely, we have embarked on a huge recruitment drive to replace the operational colleagues lost during the pandemic, with a key focus on Aviation Security Officers (ASO). Including: A large scale and wide-ranging recruitment campaign Press releases in all our regions, announcing hundreds of new roles A series of Jobs Fairs across all 3 regions Improved the ASO 'offer' An onsite assessment day model After the COVID-19 pandemic effectively ground operations to a halt, the upsurge in demand represents an opportunity to engage MAG's guests and offer them a welcome return to air travel. MAG has reviewed and recruitment and retention procedures. refreshed policies core ond Processes have been updated to ensure that recruitment and on-boarding activities remain compliant but take place in a more timely and efficient manner. In addition, operational job roles and activities have been re-visited to ensure optimum use of ovailable staff that aligns to their current vetting status and availability.    Principal risks continued Risk Cyber Security Mitigation strategy Opportunities Manchester Airports Group is part of the UK Critical National Infrastructure (CNI) and under the Security of Network & Information Systems Regulations (NIS Regulations) its airports are considered to be an essential service and MAG is defined as an Operator of Essential Service (OES). This change in legislation now sees cyber security controls being regulated by the Civil Aviation Authority (CAA) and MAG has to comply with this regulatory requirement that sees cyber security associated with aviation safety. MAG is committed to providing a world-class cyber security posture and will continue to take its cyber security responsibilities with the utmost seriousness. MAG has adopted a defence in depth approach to cyber security protection and has developed an embedded security culture through awareness, education and empowerment to ensure we keep MAG's operations, customers, employees and stakeholders safe from cyber threats. MAG operates an Information Security Management System (ISMS) based on the recommendations of ISO 27001 :2017, including risk management, business continuity, incident management, physical security, security awareness training and much more. The MAG ISMS ensures security governance is in place at the core al the organisation. The Cyber Security Steering Committee (CSSC) meets on a bi-monthly basis lo monitor performance; these meetings include senior stakeholders from across cyber security, Information Technology, HR, Finance, Legal, Airport Operations and relevant business owners. The CSSC helps to ensure that a wide security strategy is sustained so that MAG's exposure to cyber threats and risks is reduced. LongTerm Implicationsof Brexitand Wider Macroeconomic Risks The 2016 'Brexit' referendum decision continues to bring challenges regarding the United Kingdom's relationship with the EU and in respect of international trading options mare generally moving forward. This, combined with a number of other macroeconomic risks that ore currently on the horizon such as potential loss of trade and the rate of economic growth, means that MAG, and the aviation industry more widely, continues to face ongoing uncertainty moving forward. We monitor the economic environment closely and hove ensured that our business plans are resilient to economic shocks through prudent scenario planning and sensitivity analysis. MAG will work closely with the aviation industry to ensure that the longer term implications of current macroeconomic risk factors are well understood and mitigated where possible. Whilst carefully monitoring and managing exposure to the risks, we will seek to ensure that the business is well positioned to take opportunities that changes to relationships, policy or legislation may present. MAG is focused on ensuring our airports have the capacity and quality of facilities our customers expect in the medium and longer term in response to the issues created by the COVID-19 global pandemic. The uncertainty around Brexit and other potential economic shocks hos provided the opportunity to review our operating model, processes, and geographical/ product diversification.    Principal risks continued Risk Climate Change Mitigation strategy Opportunities MAG has already taken significant action to reduce emissions associated with its own operations. Our operotions are carbon neutral and our CSR Strotegy sets out how we will transition to a net zero carbon business no later than 2038. We have also introduced a number of measures to reduce emissions indirectly associated with our activities, including from ground tronsport to our airports and aircroft. To this end, under MAG's leadership of the Sustainable Aviation coalition, the UK aviation industry became the first in the world to commit to net zero aviation by 2050 and publish a plan to achieve this goal. MAG continues to work with industry partners to achieve this target, playing our full part in decarbonising the industry through membership of the Government's Jet Zero Council, airspace modernisation and our competition incentivising the introduction of zero emission aircroft on services from MAG airports. MAG has also undertaken two climate change adaptation assessments, considering the physical climate risks to MAG's infrastructure and airport operotions. These reports, which were submitted to Government to inform its National Adaption Progromme, will be updated this year as we complete our third assessment making use of the Met Office's latest climate projections. This year we have enhanced our Annual Report reporting to more closely reflect the recommendations made by the Task Force on Climate-Related Financial Disclosures (TCFD). Over the coming year we will continue to develop our assessment of the financial risks posed to MAG by climate change and publish the findings in future reports. MAG is well positioned as a climate-leader in the aviation industry. MAG airports were the first in the UK to be carbon neutral. Our CSR Strategy presents a pathway to net zero no later than 2038 and the Sustainable Aviation Decorbonisation Roadmap sets out how emissions from aircroft will reduce to net zero by 2050. We are in open dialogue with Government through active membership of the Jet Zero Council. This both influences and monitors Government action against promises they have made and is a forum to demonstrote positive work undertaken by the aviation sector and MAG specifically. Our mature understanding of physical climate risks directly informs asset standards and infrastructure planning. Further work to consider the financial implications of climate change will position MAG well as economies more generally decarbonise. SecurityBreach We continue to invest heavily year on year in ensuring our customers, employees and stakeholders remain safe and secure at all of our sites in the context of the current threat environment. We work closely with the Police ond Government security agencies to ensure that our security facilities and processes meet the high standards required to respond to new and existing security threats. Our security facilities and processes are subject to extensive internal and external inspections and audits by regulators, external specialists and internal teems who regularly test the effectiveness of our security processes and identify opportunities for improvement. Whilst security is paramount, we also want our customers to continue to enjoy a positive experience at our airports. We look for opportunities to enhance the customer experience whilst mointaining the high standards of security our stakeholders expect, in particular working to minimise security queuing times through continuous improvement and innovative approaches to ou_r security processes and facilities.    al risks continued Risk Major Health & Safetyincident affectingour customersor colleagues Mitigation strategy Opportunities The Health & Safety of our customers, employees and stakeholders is a fundamental priority for us. Robust Health & Safety policies, procedures and processes are in place, and compliance is monitored by our experienced team of Health & Safety specialists who undertake a programme of inspections and audits throughout the year. Health & Safety training is provided to all employees and briefings are provided to contractors and other visitors to our sites to ensure that key Health & Safety risks are understood and effectively managed. Our Health & Safety governance structure is designed to ensure that there is appropriate oversight of our management of Health & Safety risk and enables material risks to be quickly escalated and addressed. We continue to invest heavily year on year in ensuring our customers, employees and stakeholders remain safe and secure at all of our sites in the context of the current threat environment. We work closely with the Police and Government security agencies to ensure that our security facilities and processes meet the high standards required to respond to new ond existing security threats. Continuous improvement of our Health & Safety arrangements is a key focus for each of our operations. This is facilitated by our specialist Health & Safety Teams and underpinned by strong ownership and accountability by our management teams. Whilst security is paramount, we also want our customers to continue to enjoy a positive experience at our airports Regulatoryrisk Compliance with regulatory requirements is a priority far MAG, and we invest in extensive internal and external assurance to ensure we continue to be fully compliant across all aspects of our operations. We also deploy risk management specifically for regulatory risk. Given complexity of the regulatory requirements this allows us to articulate and compare risks using a comprehensive approach. evaluation criteria the number and we are subject to, our key regulatory We work closely and have strong relationships with our regulators to ensure we understand and con fully comply with their requirements. We strive to act quickly when opportunities for improvement are identified, and through our regulator relationships we are able to pion well in advance for successful responses to future requirements. Recruitment, developmentand retentionof talented people Recruiting and retaining talent is critical to the success of our business, and this has been on area of significant focus in recent years. Our Talent Strategy aims to attract the best available people in the market and retain employees through o variety of initiatives including incentive schemes, career development programmes and mentoring to help them contribute to driving the success of the company, whilst getting the very best out of their career ot MAG. We ore also adapting our recruitment approach in key areas such as 'digital' to reflect the changing external environment, where the competition for talent is high. Regular employee communications and performance reviews individually and collectively combined with regular communications from management and the use of employee engagement surveys enable colleagues to identify opportunities to improve the employee experience. MAG is transparent in communicating survey results and proactive in developing initiatives to deliver identified improvements.    ask Force on Climate-Related Financial Disclosures 2021 marked a pivotal year for determining the future of the global climate. This culminated in the United Notions Climate Change Conference (COP26) in November, when global leaders reasserted their commitment to meet the Paris Agreement and limit worming to 2°C, preferably to 1 .5°C, compared to pre-industrial levels. MAG is dedicated to tackling the climate crisis head on and we ore committed to supporting the transition to a low-carbon economy. We hove pledged to making our airport operation net zero carbon by 2038, 12 years in advance of the notional target. For over 15 years, we hove been dedicated to reducing the carbon intensity of our airport operations. Through our Corporate Social Responsibility (CSR) Strategy, 'Working together for a brighter future', we position climate change at the forefront of our approach to delivering a sustainable business. This year, the United Notions International Civil Aviation Organization (ICAO) General Assembly will further highlight the UK's role as a leader in combotting climate change, with the UK aviation sector's declaration to achieve net zero carbon emissions by 2050. MAG recognises the importance of the aviation sector in realising this goal. In 2017, the Task Force on Climate-related Financial Disclosures (TCFD) published recommendations against which MAG will be required to report from 2024. Recognising the importance of climate change and the need to understand and mitigate climate risk, we began reporting against TCFD recommendations in our lost annual report. This year, we ore further enhancing our disclosures by developing our approach further assessing climate-related risks and opportunities, with a particular focus on transition risks. By evaluating these risks over the short, medium, and long term, we ore equipping the business with the tools and knowledge to inform decision making. We ore also preparing for full reporting against TCFD in line with regulatory requirements and for our FY24 Annual Report and going forward, we will report against the disclosures in full. An overview of our disclosures against the TCFD recommendations is provided report also provides detailed coverage on the climate-related issues for MAG recommendations. below. This section of our in line with the TCFD    TCFD disclosure recommendation table Disclosure recommendation Section reference Governance a) Describe the Board's oversight of climate-related risks and opportunities 2021 /22 Annual Report - leadership and Governance (Page 50) 2021 /22 Annual Report - TCFD section (this section) b) Describe management's role in assessing and managing climate-related risks and opportunities 2021 /22 Annual Report - TCFD section (this section) Strategy a) Describe the climate-related risks and opportunities the organisation hos identified over the short, medium and long term 2021 /22 Annual Report - TCFD section (this section) b) Describe the impact of climate-related risks and opportunities on the organisation's businesses,strategy and financial planning 2021 /22 Annual Report - TCFD section (this section) c) Describe the resilience of the organisation's strategy, toking into consideration different future climate scenarios, including a 2°C or lower scenario 2021 /22 Annual Report - TCFD section (this section) Risk management a) Describe the organisation's processes for identifying and assessing climate-related risks 2021 /22 Annual Report - Internal Controls and Risk Management (Page 73) b) Describe the organisation's climate-related risks processes for managing 2021 /22 Annual Report - Internal Controls and Risk Management (Page 73) c) Describe how processes for identifying, assessing and managing climate-related risks are integrated into the organisation's overall risk management 2021 /22 Annual Report - Internal Controls and Risk Management (Page 73) Metrics and targets a) Disclose the metrics used by the organisation climate-related risks and opportunities to assess 2021 /22 Annual Report - TCFD section (Page 77) b) Disclose Scope l, Scope 2 and, if appropriate, Scope 3* greenhouse gas emissions and the related risks Scopel & 2: 2021/22 Annual Report- Corporate Social Responsibility (P<Jge40) Scope l, 2 and 3: Annual CSR Report, to be published later in 2022/23 c) Describe the targets used by the organisation to manage climate-related risks and opportunities and performance against targets 2021 /22 Annual Report - Corporate Social Responsibility (Page 40) • 'SECR' scope I, 2 and 3 greenhouse gas emissions are del,ned m our !ales/ emissions report, which can be found here: https://www.magairports.com/media/l 737 /mag-emissions-report-2020-21 .odf    Task Force on Climate-Related Financial Disclosures (TCFD) reporting index Governance Governance Board Climate change is regarded as a principal risk for MAG and forms part of our Strategic Risk register. The register is considered by the Board through the Audit Committee twice yearly with climate issues also discussed by the CSR Committee which meets four times a year. Where relevant, climate-related issues are presented directly at Board meetings. MAG recognises the financial risk that climate change presents the business; therefore, specific accountability for climate change has been assigned to our non-executive director Vanda Murray OBE, in her role as Chair of the CSR Committee (a sub-committee of the MAG Board). Climate change is also a strategic priority within our CSR Strategy with performance targets across a number of topics including quarterly emissions, climate change communications, sustainable surface access, and airspace modernisation. MAG's ESG (Environmental, Social, Governance) team provides regular updates to the CSR Committee at every meeting. Management Our Chief Executive Officer, Charlie Cornish, is accountable for the overall delivery of MAG's climate change strategy. The Group CSR and Future Airspace Director, Neil Robinson, leads the development and delivery of our climate strategy, which is one of three strategic priorities detailed in our CSR Strategy. Neil Robinson reports to Chief of Stoff, Tim Howkins. Tim Howkins is the Chair of the CSR ExCo Sub-Committee which brings together leaders from across the business to deliver our CSR programmes. In this role, Tim holds accountability for CSR initiatives and progress. MAG hos a centralised team of experts to manage, regularly review and monitor the delivery of the climate strategy across our airports and wider business. The team provides climate change reports to senior leadership which are reviewed and updated annually to provide adequate coverage of performance and ensure progress against the CSR Strategy. The report includes information relating to the responsibility for driving the reduction of the company's carbon emissions, guiding the approach to carbon offsetting and identifying and assessing the physical impacts and transition risks and opportunities of climate change to the business. Strategy Climate change poses a significant set of strategic risks for the aviation sector and for our business. As an operator of critical national infrastructure, we assess our climate-related risks over the short, medium and long term: short-term, covering the time period 2020-2039; medium-term, covering the time period 2040-2069; and long-term, covering the time period 2070-2099. Transitioning to a low-carbon economy poses a higher risk in the short term, as MAG strives to achieve net zero carbon operations by 2038. Climate-related physical risks pose significant business impacts to MAG over the medium to longer term. Scenario analysis has been used to assess the climate-related physical and transition risks and opportunities under two distinct climate scenarios for the three identified time horizons. We have considered two distinct scenarios, defined as projected changes based on possible climate outcomes, in line with the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change's (IPCC) Representative Concentration Pathways (RCPs).    For both physical and transition risks we have selected the following scenarios. • • A medium-emission scenario: associated with RCP 6.0, this scenario approximates an outcome in line with a 2°C warming by 2100. In this scenario, greenhouse gas emissions are mitigated, representing the most optimistic assumptions in line with current and proposed policy. A high-emission scenario: associated with RCP 8.5, this scenario approximates an outcome in line with a 3-4°C warming by 2100. In this scenario, greenhouse gas emissions continue to grow unmitigated. Through our CSR Strategy, we position and deliver our strategic approach to climate change. A fundamental part of our climate strategy is to proactively contribute towards the decarbonisation of the wider aviation industry. We recognise that the climate crisis cannot be tackled alone, and we continue to engage directly with stakeholders and the wider industry. MAG was a founding member of the UK aviation industry coalition, Sustainable Aviation, and remains a member of the managing council. Our CEO, Charlie Cornish, is one of two airport members of the Government's Jet Zero Council, with MAG also an active member of the environmental committees of the regional and global environment committees of our trade association Airports Council International (ACI). Our strategy also considers climate change adaptation and resilience. For more than a decade, MAG has comprehensively considered climate change adaptation. In December 2021, we submitted our third Climate Change Adaptation Report 1 to the Government, including the results of our third adaptation risk assessment. Risk management Climate change is a key risk to our business and forms part of MAG's organisational strategic (principal) risk register which is reported to the Audit Committee twice a year. The CSR Committee further engages on the identification, assessment and management of climate-related risks. Over the last decade, MAG has published three Climate Change Adaptation Reports which are required to be submitted to the Department for Environment, Food and Rural Affairs (DEFRA) and contributes to the development of the Government's National Adaptation Programme. In December 2021, following MAG's latest Climate Change Adaptation Progress Report (see 'physical risks' below), we revised our approach to climate-related risk management. The report marked, for the first time, a holistic review whereby the approach to climate change adaptation risk assessment was revised in line with MAG's overarching Management Framework methodology. This year, we further refined our approach to identifying climate-related transition risks (see 'transition risks' below), adopting the overarching risk methodology. The findings from both climate change risk·assessments contribute to our corporate assessment of risk and ensure that climate change is discussed at the highest level within the organisation. Our climate change risk methodology considers the impact (on a scale of 1 'minimal' to 5 'critical') and likelihood (on a scale of 1 'improhoble' to 5 'highly probable') of potential risk consequences. The impact and likelihood scores for each risk are multiplied to calculate risk exposure, hence the maximum exposure rating for any risk is 25. The risks with the highest score are, therefore, considered the most significant and are prioritised for mitigation and management.    Risk management continued For each climate-related transition risk identified, we assess the risk score against the two chosen climate change scenarios (see 'strategy' section of this report). Within each climate change scenario, we assess the risk score over short, medium and long-term time horizons. To best identify areas where further control is necessary, our climate change risk registers baseline future risk against current net risk. Climate-related physical risks and opportunities We have published climate change adaptation risk registers considering the physical risks for each of our airports. In line with the TCFD recommendations, physical risks are defined as follows. • • Acute physical risks: event-driven cyclones, hurricanes, and floods; risks, including and increased severity of extreme weather events, such as Chronic physical risks: longer term shifts in climate cause sea level rise and chronic heat waves. patterns (e.g., sustained higher temperatures) that may Our climate change adaptation risk registers identify a range of risks relating to infrastructure, network operations and human health and wellbeing. The most significant climate-related physical risks and associated business impacts across our airports ore outlined in the table on the next page. Climate-related physical risk Increased frequency and severity of storm events including high winds, intense rainfall and icy conditions. Increased frequency and intensity of winter rainfall events resulting in the release of contaminated surface water. Disruption ta flight schedules as a result of adverse weather events, sea level rise and storm surges at and enroute to destination airports. . Business imped to MAG Operational disruption resulting from physical impacts to infrastructure at MAG's airports. . . Business disruption and reduced revenue due to lost time. Increased likelihood of airfield safety accidents and incidents as a result of hazardous conditions posing health risks to MAG's staff and passengers. . Increased likelihood of contaminated surface water may lead to the overspill of balancing ponds containing de-icing chemicals. . . Negative impacts on the natural environment around the airports. Potential health risks to MAG's airport operators, passengers, employees and staff. . Atmospheric disruption may affect the routing of aircraft between arrival and departure. . Delays to landing times and enhanced fuel burning, resulting in business disruption and enhanced operating costs for airlines. . Sea level rise and storm surges at destination airports moy reduce the viability of future destinations being available to passengers, thereby reducing passenger demand, profitability and revenue for MAG's airports. . . Current and future actions Emergency and business continuity plans for the loss of services. Safety measures for ramp workers in the event of increased storms and lightning events. . Maintenance of climate-change watching briefs using the latest climate change projections. . Plonned full review of the existing drainage networks to improve data capture and inform decisions on future improvements to the system. . Performance-based navigation (PBN) to address the risk of extremities of wet and dry conditions affecting ground reflection or navigational aids . . Engaging with emerging research through partnerships with Eurocontrol and the Airport Council International. . A watching brief on sea level rise and storm-surge risks that will cause loss of low-lying airport destinations.    Climate-related physical risks and opportunities continued Climate-related physical risk Disruption to flight schedules as a result of adverse weather events, sea level rise and storm surges at and enroute to destination airports. Restrictions to airport water supplies due to prolonged drought conditions and lowering of water table. Potential for water supplier drought orders to limit the availability or use of mains waler. . . . Business impact to MAG Atmospheric disruption may affect the routing of aircraft between arrival and departure. Delays to landing times and enhanced fuel burning, resulting in business disruption and enhanced operating costs for airlines. Sea level rise and storm surges at destination airports may reduce the viability of future destinations being available to passengers, thereby reducing passenger demand, profitability and revenue for MAG's airports. . Prohibition of certain non-critical activities such as washing of infrastructure and assets. . . Financial impact arising from need to obtain alternative sources of water. Reputational impact - Asset renewal may be required to introduce water-efficient equipment. . Current and future actions Performance-based navigation (PBN) to address the risk of extremities of wet and dry conditions affecting ground reflection or navigational aids. . . Engaging with emerging research through partnerships with Eurocontrol and the Airport Council International. A watching brief on sea level rise and storm-surge risks that will cause loss of low-lying airport destinations. . . Leak detection and repair programme - distribution system maintenance/upgrade. Conformance to asset standards and building regulations - asset renewal strategy - ongoing dialogue with water companies. . Future plans to develop an airport water drought management plan to respond to the four levels of drought trigger. The following opportunities were identified to MAG in relation Improved staff ond passenger comfort as well as wellbeing carbon buildings with climate-ready heating and ventilation to the physical impacts of climate change: • • • protections systems. delivered through the design of low Improved ability to plan and adopt to the physical and passengers through the provision of regularly Enhanced marketing positioning within the aviation mitigate against the negative health and wellbeing heat stroke. impacts of climate change maintained and updated and limit disruption to employees climate change watching briefs. sector through the healthy design of airport impacts of climate change such as thermal buildings discomfort which and • Cost savings as a result of reduced and adjusted de-icing improving product performance where necessary) delivered conditions, including snow events. requirements (e.g. through increasing stock and as a result of regular reviews of weather Climate-related transition risks and opportunities In 2022, we conducted detailed analysis of trends to the price transition in the aviation sector including services within policy signals, production and technological drivers, and changes to climate-related of assets and risks and opportunities. the market    Climate-related transition risks and opportunities continued TCFD categorises transition risks within four distinct categories: • Policy and legal - policy measures that seek to mitigate against the adverse effects of climate change, and those measures which promote adaptation to climate change. • Technology - technological improvements or innovations (or lock thereof) that impact upon the transition to a lower carbon, energy-efficient economic system. • Market - shifts in supply and demand for certain commodities, products and services. • Reputation - changing customer, community and wider stakeholder perceptions of on organisation's contribution or detraction from the transition to a low-carbon economy. The key climate-related transition risks and associated business impacts to our airports ore outlined below: Policy and legal Climate-related transition nsk Business impact to MAG Current and future actions Failure to reach international agreement on aviation decorbonisotion, leading to differentiation between UK, EU and international policy. Increased cost of emissions for /lights to and from the UK relative to other countries leading to competitive disadvantage to MAG and reduced demand for /lying to and from the UK. Demond management measures (those to increase cost and/or limit airport expansion) may further limit future aviation growth. Reduced competitive positioning of the organisation. Reduced access to competitively priced finance and investment. Participation in UK and international trade associations (including industry working groups and those focused on the development of notional and international decorbonisotion roodmops). Engagement with UK policy makers through, for example, the Government's Jet Zero Council. Upcoming engagement with the international aviation community ahead of the International Civil Aviation Organization (ICAO) General Assembly and in support of the next ICAO Committee on Aviation Environmental Protection (CAEP) cycle. Introduction of policy measures by regional stakeholders (such os shareholder local authorities) may result in the differentiation between notional and regional climate policy. This may require o greater level of aviation decorbonisotion than notional policy; os o greater contribution to emissions reduction than currently apportioned within the UK carbon budget. Protracted planning applications owing to stringent policy and regulations posing potentially complex legal challenges relating to expansion and development. Difficulty in accessing competitively priced finance may limit investment opportunities. A lock of investment may reduce opportunities to further tackle climate change, thereby leading to local reputotionol damage. Regular engagement on policy and legislative changes through participation in regional collaborations (such os the Manchester Climate Change Partnership). Direct engagement with policy officers and elected members.    Technology Climate-related trans1t1on nsk Business impact to MAG Current and future actions The introduction of olternotively fuelled, zero-carbon oircraft with different operating choracteristics moy reduce aircroft ond/or airport copacity. Reduced possenger throughput due to business disruption resulting from lower oircraft capacity owing, in turn, to longer refuelling turnoround times. The need for increosed refuelling solely zones moy reduce the avoilability of lond for development. Porticipotion in UK ond internotional trade ossociotions, including the focused upon the development of notionol and international decorbonisotion roodmops. Engogement with UK policy mokers through, for exomple, the Government's Jet Zero Council. Engogement with FlyZero ond Connected Places Cotopult projects on the integration of alternotively fuelled oircroft for our future airspoces. Planned engogement with oirlines and monufocturers on olternative-fuel oircroft infrostructure ond investment os technologies develop to become commercially viable. Large-scale, permonent corbon copture ond storage technologies moy not mature quickly or ot scole to support net zero aviotion by the declored target dates. The limited ovoilobility of morket-bosed meosures may increase costs and limit demond. Limited possenger demond ond revenue potentiol owing to increosed regulotion ond compliance costs from heightened corbon pricing (resulting, in turn, from limited corbon cop tu re and storage technologies). Participation in UK and internotional trade assaciotians, including those focused upon the development of notionol ond internotionol decarbonisotion roadmops. The Sustoinable Aviation Coolition hos expanded its membership to include those working on the development of negotive emissions technologies. We ore working collaboratively to further the understonding of scaling-up corbon copture ond storage technologies. In line with the 2022 Sustainoble Aviotion decarbonisotion roodmop, we will continue our focus on improving morket-bosed meosures to support the transition to net zero. Market Cl1mate-reloted trons1t1on nsk Business impact to MAG Current and future actions Foilure of UK ond internotional policy to deliver effective carbon markets. Reduced availability and increased cost of carbon credits. Increased airline operating costs may result in heightened costs of flying for passengers. Difficulty accessing competitively priced finance as a result of reduced attractiveness to prospective investors and shareholders. Challenges recruiting and retaining staff owing to reduced capital and investment, reducing MAG's attractiveness as a current and future employer within the aviation sector. Participation in UK and international trade associations, including those focused upon the development of national and international decarbanisation roadmaps. Engagement with UK policy makers through, for example, the Government's Jet Zero Council. Changes in societal behaviours and attitudes towards climate change may reduce passenger demand due to increased 'flight shame' and wider behavioural changes. Reduction in passenger demand (and, therefore, revenue) may reduce the attractiveness of MAG to investors and shareholders, thereby posing challenges to accessing competitively priced finance. Challenges for employee retention and recruitment owing to reduced market attractiveness. MAG's CSR Strategy places net zero corbon airports at the forefront of its approach towards delivering a sustainable business (with a target for net zero carbon by 2038). MAG delivers net zero actions and initiatives including net zero, carbon-neutral operations across all three airports, certified through the Airport Carbon Accreditation. Continued engagement with the Government's Jet Zero Council to understand and influence policy.    Reputation Climate-related trons1t1onnsk Investorsshiftingcapitol allocation and finance in favour of low-carbon and climate-resilientbusinesses. Business impact to MAG MAG's failure to align with changed investorpriorities (suchas increasedfocus on climate change) may resultin a lock of capitol and investment- MAG receives investmentfrom a number of sourcesto ensureoperating costsore feasibleand in line with MAG's businessmodel. Reducedrevenueand associated reputotionol risksfor the businessmay impact upon investmentopportunities. Reducedmarket attractivenessto the current and future workforce, as well as prospectivepassengers. Current and future actions MAG's CSRStrategyfocuseson the delivery of net zero carbon airports and outlinesinitiatives and commitmentsto the decorbonisotionof its operations and the wider aviation sector. MAG will continue to report progressagainst this commitment to its key stakeholdersand investors. The transition to a low-carbon economy poses a number of climate-related opportunities. We continue to review and realise opportunities for our business and its stakeholders whilst ensuring a just transition to a socially inclusive, low-carbon future. Key climate-related transition opportunities as well as MAG's current low-carbon actions and initiatives include: • Positioning the business as a thought-leader in the aviation sector for decarbonisation through continued engagement in policy dialogue, UK and international trade associations and industry working groups. • Supporting research, training and technological innovation to drive the modernisation of airspace and operating procedures (including hydrogen technologies and electrification of transport) and support the uptake and efficiency of sustainable aviation fuels. • Delivery of just transition strategies with unions, local communities, and current and future talent to address the training and skills needs of workers and enterprises in the transition to a low-carbon economy. Plans should support outplacement activities (to minimise the impacts of adverse shocks to changes in the market as a result of the transition to the low-carbon economy) by facilitating adjustments in wages and working time to reduce redundancies and loss of jobs. Metrics and targets Since 2007, we have reported our approach to reducing direct carbon emissions. Our airports were the first in the UK to achieve carbon neutral status which is certified through participation at Level 3+ (Neutrality) of the Airport Carbon Accreditation programme. Within our CSR Strategy, a strategic priority is the commitment to achieving net zero carbon emissions from our airport operations by 2038 at the latest. To achieve this commitment, our CSR Strategy is regularly reviewed and reported against the supporting targets and associated actions that we will take to reduce our absolute and residual emissions. We measure, monitor and disclose our Scope l, 2 and 3 greenhouse gas emissions 2 annually in line with the Greenhouse Gas Protocol Corporate Standard. We disclose absolute greenhouse gas emissions and industry-agreed carbon intensity measure, which is emissions per traffic unit (where traffic units are equivalent to 1,000 passengers or l 00 tonnes of freight and mail).    Metrics and targets continued We are passio~ate about ensuring that the reporting of our greenhouse gas emissions is insightful and transparent. We have been publicly disclosing our greenhouse gas emissions for over a decade, with reports regularly enhanced through methodology improvements and the calculation and disclosure of a wider range of indirect emissions. Our greenhouse gas footprint is audited by an independent third party TUV Nord. The headline target for net zero by 2038 is accompanied by additional commitments to ensure that we play our full part in addressing airport-related emissions, including from aircraft and surface access transport. This includes our commitment to ensure that our airport infrastructure will operate on renewable energy by 2030, with new and replacement infrastructure running on renewable energy from 2025 and our fleet comprising 100% ultra-low emission vehicles by 2030. When assessing business cases, our considerations include climate-related with utilities, carbon offsets and emission trading scheme compliance. Transitioning to a low-carbon and climate-resilient future costs such as those associated This year, we will continue to review our climate change risks and opportunities, as well as further refine our approach to current and future mitigation. We will continue to monitor and identify new and emerging interdependencies for both the physical and transition climate-related risks and opportunities to our business. Through our established relationships with local authorities, the Environment Agency, water supply companies, transport providers and others we are working with, we will endeavour to better understand and address these interdependencies. We will continue to engage with local resilience forums. On an ongoing basis, we are reviewing and considering opportunities to extend our partnership working both within and beyond the aviation sector to lead the transition to the low-carbon economy. Over time, we will develop metrics that measure our financial risk against the transition and physical climate-related risks to our business. Progress against these actions will be reported to the Audit Committee and CSR Committee and included in our next annual report and CSR report.
