   Officers and ProfessionalAdvisors Directors as 31 March 2022 comprised the following individuals: Executive Directors Charlie Cornish Chief Executive Officer Ken O'Toole Deputy Chief Executive Officer Jan Bramall Chief Financial Officer Registered Office Olympic House Manchester Airport Manchester ~ M901QX Independent Auditor KPMG 1 St Peters Square Manchester M2 3AE    Leadership and governance The Group is committed to maintaining high standards of corporate governance and uses the UK Corporate Governance Code (the 'Code') as a guide to best practice. The responsibility for MAGIL's compliance with the Code is delegated to the Board of directors of Manchester Airports Holdings Limited ('MAHL'), and further details can be found on pages 56 to 66 of the annual report and accounts for Manchester Airports Holdings Limited. The risk profile of the MAGIL Group is consistent with that of the MAHL Group, 25. MAGI L's internal controls and risk management are set out below. as outlined on pages 22 to This year has again seen shifting restrictions on international travel, culminating in the removal of all remaining restrictions on travel to the UK in March 2022. These changing conditions have continued to present challenges to how we do business, and we have needed to adjust our operations to respond to the latest regulations and manage costs while always protecting the health, safety and wellbeing of our customers, staff and partners. We have been able to navigate these challenges by drawing on the skills, expertise and dedication of our staff at every level of the company. This is supported by robust business resilience plans, governance processes and internal control frameworks, and bolstered by the diverse insights and advice we receive from our Board. Strong corporate governance is a core foundation for any successful company, and we are committed to maintaining the highest standards of corporate governance and adopting best practice as it emerges. The following Corporate Governance Report, including the Directors' Reports, sets out how MAGIL applies governance standards in practice and reports against the Wates Principles, which MAGIL hos adopted as its corporate governance code. MAGIL places great importance on the Board's role in embedding a positive culture and values across the organisation. The views of stakeholders are monitored by the Manchester Airport Holdings Limited (MAHL) CSR Committee, choired by Vanda Murray, and the Board's consideration of stakeholder views is described more fully in the s l 72 statement below. Furthermore, MAGIL recognises that diversity in its workforce provides access to a wider range of talents, experience and skills, promoting greater creativity, innovation and high performance. Further information provided in the MAHL Nomination Committee section on page 59 of the MAHL accounts. is This year, we have carried out a full review of our strategic risks. We were pleased to welcome two new Non-Executive Directors to our Board this year in the form of Cllr Bev Craig in December 2021, and Paul Venables in February 2022 (Audit Chair designate). Sir Richard Leese retired from our Board.in November 202 l. The Board Evaluation process was deferred due to COVID-19 priorities and planned changes to the Board and as such a full Board Evaluation programme will commence over the course of the year. Stakeholder Introduction Statement by the Directors in Performance of their Statutory Duties in Accordance Act2006 with s l 72(1) Companies Section l 72(1) of the Companies Act 2006 requires directors to promote the success of the company for the benefit of its stakeholders and to achieve the company's purpose. The Board of Directors are aware of their responsibilities and consider they have acted in accordance with their statutory duties. This section sets out how they have discharged this obligation.    Stakeholder introduction continued The company's key stakeholders, and our interaction with them, is summarised below. Stakeholder Why they matter to MAGIL What matters to them How the Board interacts Shareholders Our shareholders provide the equity finance necessary to support the operation and future development of the business. Shareholders also appoint Non-Executive Directors who are critical to overall governance and make o valuable contribution to the working of the Board. Our shareholders hove invested in the long-term success of MAGIL. In return they seek predictable and sustainable returns on their investment. Our shareholders require high standards of governance, responsible business practices and transparent disclosure of information to inform their decision making. Shareholders are directly represented on the Boord and oversee the appointment of Non-Executive Directors. They receive regular reports from the management team on all aspects of the business. Shareholders receive regular reports from the CSR Committee, which considers responsible business practices, including environmental and community impacts, health, safety and wellbeing as well as equity, diversity and inclusivity (ED&I). Colleagues Colleagues ore our greatest asset. They make our strategy a reality and deliver services to our customers. Their energy and ideas ore critical to the continued innovation and improvement of the services we offer. Our colleagues wont a workplace that is safe, inclusive and offers them opportunities to develop their career. They expect to be treated fairly and to be rewarded appropriately for their contribution to the success of the company. Colleagues want to be a port of the decisions that affect them and to be supported by effective systems of internal communication. The Boord receives regular reports on safety matters and scrutinises safety performance. The MAHL CSR Committee, which is attended by the Chief People Officer, provides an opportunity for workplace issues, including fair pay, equality, diversity and inclusion to be discussed. Passengers Passengers provide much of our income. They ore the foundation for our business. It is important that, working witli our airline partners, we provide on appropriate range of services to meet their transport needs. Our customers wont our airports to be accessible; to provide a safe, secure, clean and welcoming environment, and to experience an efficient service. The Boord receives regular reports on passenger feedback, including ·our use of the Net Promoter Score. The Board's consideration of passenger experience includes detailed reports on the service provided to passengers who require additional support to access our services. Communities and the environment Many of our colleagues and customers are drawn from local communities and the economic impact of our operations is greatest in the regions we serve. Noise, congestion and local air quality impacts that arise due to our operations have greatest impact on communities closest to our airports, tho,.,gh some of the impacts of our operations, including climate change, hove wider implications. It is vital that we understand the priorities of communities and ensure our operations toke place within acceptable environmental limits. By doing so we earn our social licence to operate and grow. Local communities wont to share the economic success of our airports. They expect us to toke all reasonable steps to reduce local impacts, including noise and emissions. Communities are concerned by climate change and expect us to progressively reduce the emissions of our oirpo,is and wurk with airlines to ensure that together we ploy a full part in delivering the government's net zero targets. The Boord has established the MAHL CSR Committee to allow extensive discussion of these issues. The Board regularly considers environmental impacts, including climate risks and considers the views of local communities through an independently facilitated materiality survey.    Stakeholder introduction continued Stakeholder Why they matter to MAGIL What matters to them How the Board interacts Customers, partners and suppliers We deliver our services with the support of our airline customers, business partners and suppliers. Hoving effective relationships with them supports the long-term success of our businesses and maximises mutual benefit. It is important that those that we work with adopt responsible and sustainable practices, to minimise the risk to our operations and reputation. Our customers, portners and suppliers wont to work with us to maximise mutual benefit. We work collaboratively including one-to-one key account management meetings with all our business partners -including airlines, retailers, tenants and aviation service partners. Our Airport Consultative Committees bring these customer groups together with passenger and community representatives, whilst our Airport Operator Committees bring airlines together to consider operational practices and management policies. Significant issues are drown to the attention of the Boord and associated risks ore captured in our risk register. Our approach to procurement accredited to the Corporate Certification Standard of the Chartered Institute of Procurement and Supply. This incorporates practices to make responsible procurement decisions which treat suppliers fairly, mitigate modern slavery, ond ensure prompt payment. The Boord receives regular reports on the management of the risks of modern slavery. is Industry, regulatory bodies, government and government agencies Our operations ore highly regulated. The policy and regulatory framework is on important factor that determines how we operate including ensuring that we operate safely and securely, that competition is lair and that our environmental impacts ore within acceptable limits. Government ond industry regulators seek to work closely with industry partners and their associations to ensure that the policy and regulatory framework is informed by and takes full account of relevant issues. The Boord receives regular updates on government policy and oversees our work to engage with government, government agencies and regulatory bodies to help formulate and implement their policies.    Having regard to the likely consequences of decisions in the long term As set out on page 21, the Board oversees a risk management process, including a dedicated Risk Committee. The regular review and assessment of risk that is shared with the board protects the long-term interests of MAGIL. This year key risks identified include the recruitment of relatively large numbers of staff as the business recovers from the impact of the pandemic, the uncertainty associated with the UK's exist from the European Union, climate change, safety, security and the regulatory environment. Whilst it has been necessary in some instances to reduce and realign investment plans to respond to the impact of the pandemic, the Board has continued to support the measures necessary to secure the long-term recovery of the business, including the completion of phase one of the Manchester Transformation Project, which will deliver new terminal capacity. The Board has also supported investment in a Future Airspace Programme, to ensure that airspace arrangements can support the objective to make best use of the airports' physical infrastructure. Having regard to the impact of the company's operations on the community and the environment The company continues to maintain certification to the environmental management systems standard ISO 14001. This year we also made a first submission to the GRESB Real Estate Assessment, a global ESG benchmark, achieving the highest (five star) rating and the highest rating for a UK based company. We were also recognised by the Financial Times as one of Europe's Climate Leaders. Through the MAHL CSR Committee, the Board receives regular reports on environmental performance, considering a wide range of performance indicators, including legislative compliance. The Board continues to oversee the implementation of the CSR Strategy and the detailed supporting programme of work to deliver the commitments that it contains. This year the Board has received several reports on the issue of climate change, considering the developing policy framework, including the Government's Jet Zero Strategy, the measures being taken to achieve net zero operations and the assessment and reporting of climate risks consistent with the Taskforce on Climate Related Financial Disclosures (TCFD). The Board also received an updated assessment of the risks posed by the need to adapt to inevitable climate change. As set out on page 13, the reporting of emissions and climate risk have been further improved in this year's report. Having regard to the desirability of the company maintaining a reputation for high standards of business conduct The business continues to meet the requirements of the Global Reporting Initiative's fully disclosed standard, including reporting against the relevant sector supplement. The Board believes that full and transparent disclosure is important to build and maintain the confidence of stakeholders. MAGIL continues to maintain procedures to minimise the risk of bribery and corruption and to provide all colleagues with an anonymous service to report any instances of bullying or intimidation. The Board takes an active interest in issues that might impact MAGIL's reputation.    MAGIL structure and governance arrangements In ownership terms, the Group is structured as a joint venture between the ten local authorities of the Greater Manchester region and IFM Global Infrastructure Fund (IFM GIF), which is advised by IFM Investors PTY Ltd. In this way, MAGIL's ownership structure is unique and comprises an effective blend of public and private shareholders, including Manchester City Council (35.5)%, IFM GIF (35.5)% and the nine other Greater Manchester local authorities (29 .0)%. Amongst those owners, Manchester City Council and IFM GIF hold (in equal shares) the voting rights in board meetings of Manchester Airports Holdings Limited (the holding company of the Group), have certain matters reserved for their exclusive decision as shareholders, and make two appointments each to the Board. 9 DistrictCouncils• Manchester City council (50%votlng) Conyers Trust company (cayman) Limited as Trustee for IFMGlobal Infrastructure Fund (50% Voting) I I I ' I Manehester Airports Holdings Limited (MAHL) I Manehester Airport Finance Holdings Limited (MAFHL) I Manehester Airport Group Investments Limited (MAGIL) • (The Borough Council of Bolton, the Borough Council of Bury, the Oldham Borough Council, the Rochdale Borough Council, the Council of the City of Salford, the Metropolitan Borough Council of Stockport, the Tomeside Metropolitan Borough Council, the Trofford Borough Council and the Wigan Borough Council)    Internal controls and risk management Internal controls The directors are responsible for the Group's system of internal control, which aims to safeguard assets and shareholders' investment, and seeks to ensure that proper accounting records are maintained, that statutory and regulatory requirements are met, and that the Group's business is operated economically, effectively and efficiently. It is acknowledged that any system of internal control is most likely to manage rather than eliminate risk, and can provide only reasonable, but not absolute, assurance against material misstatement or loss. Manchester Airports Holdings limited (MAHL) is the ultimate parent company of Manchester Airport Group Investments Limited. The Group's system of internal control has been in place throughout Annual Report. The key elements of the internal control environment, preparing the consolidated financial statements, are: the year and up to the date of this which includes the process for • • • • • • • • • • • clearly defined organisational structures, schemes of delegation and lines of responsibility; the involvement of qualified, professional employees with an appropriate level of experience (both in the Group's Finance function and throughout the business); regular meetings of the Board and of the Chief Executive's Executive Committee; Board approval of long-term business strategies, key business objectives and annual budgets (with an annual review being undertaken to update the business strategies and key business objectives); preparation, and Board approval, of revised financial forecasts during the year - monitoring financial performance on a monthly basis against budget, and the benchmarking of key performance indicators, with remedial action being token where appropriate; monitoring annual performance against business plans; established procedures for planning, approving and monitoring capitol projects, together with post project investment appraisal; regular review by the Group's Finance function of each business unit including a reconciliation to the management accounts on a segmental basis; the review by the MAHL Audit Committee and the Boord of the draft consolidated financial statements, and receipt of and consideration by the MAHL Audit Committee of reports from management and the external auditor, on significant judgements and other pertinent matters relating to those statements; the activities of the Internal Audit function (see below); implementation of Group-wide procedures, policies, standards and processes concerning business activities, including financial reporting, health and safety, and human resources. The Group has an established, independent Internal Audit function, the role of which is to provide impartial, objective audit, assurance and consulting activity that is designed to strengthen, improve and add value to core processes and procedures across the Group. The Internal Audit team takes a disciplined and risk-based approach to evaluating and improving the effectiveness of risk management, internal controls and governance processes, aimed at providing assurance that key risks are being well managed, and controls are adequately designed and operating effectively. Their approach is based on professional best practice, in particular, the 2020 Internal Audit Code of Practice. MAGIL continues to apply the Chartered Institute of Internal Auditors Standards to its Internal Audit methodology, processes and procedures.    Internal controls continued An annual risk-based Internal Audit Plan is developed which provides coverage of the Group's risk profile over a rolling three year period, with an initial focus on areas of high inherent risk and areas where the Group is heavily reliant on mitigating controls to manage the risk to an acceptable level. The plan is reviewed and refreshed in line with MAGI L's annual cycle of the MAHL Audit Committee meetings and according to the Group's evolving risk profile. Over the course of the year, the Internal Audit team has carried out 13 reviews across a broad range of areas including: health and safety, specifically COVID-19 control measures and fire safety governance; airport security and operations; core financial controls; and procurement, including supplier management and governance. The IT audit plan this year has remained focused on key cyber and information security risks, and deep dives have been conducted into areas such as MAGIL Active Directory and Privileged Access Management. Specifically this year and in line with Internal Audit standards, Internal Audit activity has focused on the adequacy and continuous improvement of MAGIL's 2nd line functions and the associated controls and assurance processes that are in place across the Group. Where relevant, Internal Audit scopes include a review of governance arrangements and as appropriate, the reliability and quality of key business information which is being provided to support strategic decision-making processes across the business. The Internal Audit team carries out an annual self-assessment exercise to establish its effectiveness and any areas for improvement, based on the Chartered Institute of Internal Auditors Standards. The most recent exercise confirmed full compliance with those Standards and an action plan has been developed to support the team's objective for continuous improvement in respect of quality assurance processes and procedures. Risk management The management of risks rests ultimately with the MAGIL Board, notwithstanding that the MAHL Audit Committee performs a significant role, relative to risk oversight. The most significant strategic, corporate and operational risks and uncertainties identified during the year, and the prevailing approach to management of these, appear on pages 22 to 25. The Risk and Internal Audit Department, covering Risk Management, Internal Audit and Security Assurance, reports directly to the Company Secretary, who habitually attends every MAHL Audit Committee meeting. Risk Registers are managed by individual risk owners, are updated on a regular basis, and are discussed regularly between risk owners, their teams and the Risk Team. The holding of regular business risk workshops at a divisional level, and formal biannual review of the Group's strategic risk register by the executive directors, support this process. The MAGIL Board can confirm that it, and the MAHL Audit Committee, regularly review the process for the identification, evaluation and management of the strategic and significant corporate risks faced by the MAGIL Group. In the judgement of the MAGIL Board, progressively enhanced risk management procedures have continued to promote greater business-wide awareness of the potential sources and mitigants of risk within the MAGIL Group.    Principal risks The table below summarises the key risks identified during the year, with details of the strategies for managing them and some of the potential opportunities they present: Risk Recruitment of volume hires Mitigation strategy Opportunities The COVID-19 pandemic hod on unprecedented and sustained impact on the aviation industry. As o result of this, many operational colleagues left the business, either to pursue other opportunities or due to redundancy. As travel restrictions hove eased and customer confidence hos returned, we hove seen o marked increase in passenger numbers. Whilst this represents o welcome and extremely positive return towards pre-pandemic levels of activity, it represents o significant demand on operational colleagues only o short time ofter restrictions hove eased. There is currently o significant difference in current available resource and resource required to deliver effective operations at each airport. This is exacerbated by the competition in the market to recruit as well as the necessary process MAGIL frontline colleagues must undergo before they ore permitted to work in the operation. In order to process increased passenger numbers safely, we hove embarked on o huge recruitment drive to replace the operational colleagues lost during the pandemic, with o key focus on Aviation Security Officers (ASO). Including: A forge scale and wide-ranging recruitment campaign Press releases in all our regions, announcing hundreds of new roles A series of Jobs Fairs across all 3 regions Improved the ASO 'offer' An onsite assessment day model After the COVID-19 pandemic effectively -ground operations to o halt, the upsurge in demand represents on opportunity to engage MAGIL's guests and offer them o welcome return to air travel. MAGIL hos put in place processes which will facilitate the recruitment, vetting, training and onboording processes to ensure we hove the right number and caliber of operational staff at our airports. Processes hove been updated to ensure that recruitment and on-boarding activities remain compliant but toke place in o more timely and efficient manner. In addition, operational job roles and activities hove been re-visited to ensure optimum use of available staff that aligns to their current vetting status and availability.    Principal risks continued Risk Cyber Security Mitigation strategy Opportunities Manchester Airports Group is port of the UK Critical Notional Infrastructure (CNI) and under the Security of Network & Information Systems Regulations (NIS Regulations) its airports ore considered to be on essential service and MAGIL is defined as on Operator of Essential Service (OES). This change in legislation now sees cyber security controls being regulated by the Civil Aviation Authority (CAA) and MAGIL hos to comply with this regulatory requirement that sees cyber security associated with aviation safety. MAGIL is committed to providing a world-class cyber security posture and will continue to toke its cyber security responsibilities with the utmost seriousness. MAGIL hos adopted a defence in depth approach to cyber security protection and hos developed on embedded security culture through awareness, education and empowerment to ensure we keep MAGIL's operations, customers, employees and stakeholders safe from cyber threats. MAGIL operates on Information Security Management System (ISMS) based on the recommendations of ISO 27001 :2017, including risk management, business continuity, incident management, physical security, security awareness training and much more. The MAGIL ISMS ensures security governance is in place at the core of the organisation. The Cyber Security Steering Committee (CSSC) meets on a bi-monthly basis to monitor performance; these meetings include senior stakeholders from across cyber security, Information Technology, HR, Finance, Legal, Airport Operations and relevant business owners. The CSSC helps to ensure that a wide security strategy is sustained so that MAGIL's exposure to cyber threats and risks is reduced. Long Term Implications of Brexitand Wider Macroeconomic Risks The 2016 'Brexit' referendum decision continues to bring challenges regarding the United Kingdom's relationship with the EU and in respect of international trading options more generally moving forward. This, combined with a number of other macroeconomic risks that ore currently on the horizon such as potential loss of trade and the rote of economic growth, means that MAGIL, and the aviation industry more widely, continues to foce ongoing uncertainty moving forward. We monitor the economic environment closely and hove ensured that our business plans ore resilient to economic shocks through prudent scenario planning and sensitivity analysis. MAG will work closely with the aviation industry to ensure that the longer term implications of current macroeconomic risk factors are well understood and mitigated where possible. Whilst carefully monitoring and managing exposure to the risks, we will seek to ensure that the business is well positioned to toke opportunities that changes to relationships, policy or legislation may present. MAGIL is focused on ensuring our airports hove the capacity and quality of facilities our customers expect in the medium and longer term in response to the issues created by the COVID- l 9 global pandemic. The uncertainty around Brexit and other potential economic shocks hos provided the opportunity to review our operating model, processes, and geographical/ product diversification.    Principal risks continued Risk Climate Change Mitigation strategy Opportunities MAGIL has already taken significant action to reduce emissions associated with its own operations. Our operations are carbon neutral and our CSR Strategy sets out how we will transition to a net zero carbon business no later than 2038. We have also introduced a number of measures to reduce emissions indirectly associated with our activities, including from ground transport to our airports and aircraft. To this end, under MAGIL's leadership of the Sustainable Aviation coalition, the UK aviation industry become the first in the world to commit to net zero aviation by 2050 and publish a plan to achieve this goal. MAGIL continues to work with industry partners to achieve this target, playing our full part in decarbonising the industry through membership of the Government's Jet Zero Council, airspace modernisation and our competition incentivising the introduction of zero emission aircraft on services from MAGIL airports. MAGIL has also undertaken two climate change adaptation assessments, considering the physical climate risks to MAGIL's infrastructure and airport operations. These reports, which were submitted to Government to inform its National Adaption Programme, will be updated this year as we complete our third assessment making use of the Met Office's latest climate projections. This year we have enhanced our Annual Report reporting to more closely reflect the recommendations made by the Task Force on Climate-Related Financial Disclosures (TCFD). Over the coming year we will continue to develop our assessment of the financial risks posed to MAGIL by climate change and publish the findings in future reports. MAGIL is well positioned as a climate-leader in the aviation industry. MAGIL airports were the first in the UK to be carbon neutral. Our CSR Strategy presents a pathway to net zero no later than 2038 and the Sustainable Aviation Decarbonisotion Roadmap sets out how emissions from aircraft will reduce to net zero by 2050. We are in open dialogue with Government through active membership of the Jet Zero Council. This both influences and monitors Government action against promises they have made and is a forum to demonstrate positive work undertaken by the aviation sector and MAGIL specifically. Our mature understanding of physical climate risks directly informs asset standards and infrastructure planning. Further· work to consider the financial implications of climate change will position MAGIL well as economies more generally decarbonise. SecurityBreach We continue to invest heavily year on year in ensuring our customers, employees and stakeholders remain safe and secure at all of our sites in the context of the current threat environment. We work closely with the Police and Government security agencies to ensure that our security facilities and processes meet the high standards required to respond to new and existing security threats. Our security facilities and processes are subject to extensive internal and external inspections and audits by regulators, external specialists and internal teams who regularly test the effectiveness of our security processP.s ond identify opportunities for improvement. Whilst security is paramount, we also want our customers to continue to enjoy a positive experience at our airports. We look for opportunities to enhance the customer experience whilst maintaining the high standards of security our stakeholders expect, in particular working to minimise security queuing times through continuous improvement and innovative approaches to our security processes and facilities.    Principal riskscontinued Risk Major Health & Safety incident affecting our customersor colleagues Mitigation strategy The Health & Safety of our customers, employees and stakeholders is a fundamental priority for us. Robust Health & Safety policies, procedures and processes are in place, and compliance is monitored by our experienced team of Health & Safety specialists who undertake a programme of inspections and audits throughout the year. Health & Safety training is provided to all employees and briefings are provided to contractors and other visitors to our sites to ensure that key Health & Safety risks are understood and effectively managed. Our Health & Safety governance structure is designed to ensure that there is appropriate oversight of our management of Health & Safety risk and enables material risks to be quickly escalated and addressed. We continue to invest heavily year on year in ensuring our customers, employees and stakeholders remain safe and secure at all of our sites in the context of the current threat environment. We work closely with the Police and Government security agencies to ensure that our security facilities and processes meet the high standards required to respond to new and existing security threats. Opportunities Continuous improvement of our Health & Safety arrangements is a key focus for each of our operations. This is facilitated by our specialist Health & Safety Teams and underpinned by strong ownership and accountability by our management teams. Whilst security is paramount, we also want our customers to continue to enjoy a positive experience at our airports Regulatoryrisk Compliance with regulatory requirements is a priority for MAGIL, and we invest in extensive internal and external assurance to ensure we continue to be fully compliant across all aspects of our operations. We also deploy risk management evaluation criteria specifically for regulatory risk. Given the number and complexity of the regulatory requirements we are subject to, this allows us to articulate and compare our key regulatory risks using a comprehensive approach. We work closely and hove strong relationships with our regulators to ensure we understand ond can fully comply with their requirements. We strive to oct quickly when opportunities for improvement are identified, and through our regulator relationships we are able to plan well in advance for successful responses to future requirements. Recruitment, development and retentionof talented people Recruiting and retaining talent is critical to the success of our business, and this has been an area of significant focus in recent years. Our Talent Strategy aims to attract the best available people in the market and retain employees through a variety of initiatives including incentive schemes, career development programmes and mentoring to help them contribute to driving the success of the company, whilst getting the very best out of their career at MAGIL. We are also adapting our recruitment approach in key areas such os 'digital' to reflect the changing external environment, where the competition for talent is high. Regular employee communications and performance reviews individually and collectively combined with regular communications from management and the use of employee engagement surveys enable colleagues to identify opportunities to improve the employee experience. MAGIL is transparent in communicating survey results and proactive in developing initiatives to deliver identified improvements.    Task Force on Climate-Related Financial Disclosures 2021 marked a pivotal year for determining the future of the global climate. This culminated in the United Nations Climate Change Conference (COP26) in November, when global leaders reasserted their commitment to meet the Paris Agreement and limit warming to 2°C, preferably to l .S°C, compared to pre-industrial levels. MAGIL is dedicated to tackling the climate crisis head on and we are committed to supporting the transition to a low-carbon economy. We have pledged to making our airport operation net zero carbon by 2038, 12 years in advance of the national target. For over 15 years, we have been dedicated to reducing the carbon intensity of our airport operations. Through our Corporate Social Responsibility (CSR) Strategy, 'Working together for a brighter future', we position climate change at the forefront of our approach to delivering a sustainable business. This year, the United Nations International Civil Aviation Organization (ICAO) General Assembly will further highlight the UK's role as a leader in combatting climate change, with the UK aviation sector's declaration to achieve net zero carbon emissions by 2050. MAGIL recognises the importance of the aviation sector in realising this goal. In 2017, the Task Force on Climate-related Financial Disclosures (TCFD) published recommendations against which MAGIL will be required to report from 2024. Recognising the importance of climate change and the need to understand and mitigate climate risk, we began reporting against TCFD recommendations in our last annual report. This year, we are further enhancing our disclosures by developing our approach further assessing climate-related risks and opportunities, with a particular focus on transition risks. By evaluating these risks over the short, medium, and long term, we are equipping the business with the tools and knowledge to inform decision making. We are also preparing for full reporting against TCFD in line with regulatory requirements and for our 2023/24 Annual Report and going forward, we will report against the disclosures in full. to An overview of our disclosures against the TCFD recommendations is provided below. This section of our report also provides detailed coverage on the climate-related issues for MAGIL in line with the TCFD recommendations.    TCFD disclosure recommendation table Disclosure recommendation Section reference Govern once o) Describe the Boord' s oversight of climote-reloted risks ond opportunities 2021 /22 Annual Report - Leadership ond Governance (Page 16) 2021 /22 Annual Report - TCFD section (this section) b) Describe management's role in assessing and managing climate-related risks and opportunities 2021 /22 Annual Report - TCFD section (this section) Strategy a) Describe the climate-related risks and opportunities the organisation hos identified over the short, medium and long term 2021 /22 Annual Report - TCFD section (this section) b) Describe the impact of climate-related risks and opportunities on the organisation's businesses, strategy and financial planning 2021 /22 Annual Report - TCFD section (this section) c) Describe the resilience of the organisation's strategy, toking into consideration different future climate scenarios, including a 2°C or lower scenario 2021 /22 Annual Report - TCFD section (this section) Risk management a) Describe the orgonisotion's and assessing climate-related processes for identifying risks 2021 /22 Annual Report - Internal Controls and Risk Management (Page 21) b) Describe the organisation's climate-related risks processes for managing 2021 /22 Annual Report - Internal Controls and Risk Management (Page 21) c) Describe how processes for identifying, assessing and managing climate-related risks ore integrated into the organisation's overall risk management 2021 /22 Annual Report - Internal Controls and Risk Management (Page 21) Metrics and targets a) Disclose the metrics used by the organisation climate-related risks and opportunities to assess 2021 /22 Annual (Page 28) Report - TCFD section b) Disclose Scope l, Scope 2 and, if appropriate, Scope 3* greenhouse gas emissions and the related risks Scape l & 2: 2021 /22 Annual Report - Corporate Social Responsibility (Page 40 of MAHL Accounts) Scope l, 2 and 3: Annual CSR Report, to be published later in 2021 /22 c) Describe the targets used by the organisation ta manage climate-related risks and opportunities performance against targets and 2021 /22 Annual Report - Corporate Social Responsibility (Page 40 of MAHL Accounts)    Task Force on Climate-Related Financial Disclosures(TCFD) reporting index Governance Governance Board Climate change is regarded as a principal risk for MAGIL and forms port of our Strategic Risk register. The register is considered by the Board through MAHL Audit Committee twice yearly with climate issues also discussed by the MAHL CSR Committee which meets four times a year. Where relevant, climate-related issues are presented directly at Board meetings. MAGIL recognises the financial risk that climate change presents the business; therefore, specific accountability for climate change has been assigned to our non-executive director Vanda Murray OBE, in her role as Chair of the MAHL CSR Committee (a sub-committee of the MAGIL Board). Climate change is also a strategic priority within our CSR Strategy with performance targets across a number of topics including quarterly emissions, climate change communications, sustainable surface access, and airspace modernisation. MAGIL's ESG (Environmental, Social, Governance) team provides regular updates to the MAHL CSR Committee at every meeting. Management Our Chief Executive Officer, Charlie Cornish, is accountable for the overall delivery of MAGI L's climate change strategy. The Group CSR and Future Airspace Director, Neil Robinson, leads the development and delivery of our climate strategy, which is one of three strategic priorities detailed in our CSR Strategy. Neil Robinson reports to Chief of Staff, Tim Hawkins. Tim Hawkins is the Chair of the CSR ExCo Sub-Committee which brings together leaders from across the business to deliver our CSR programmes. In this role, Tim holds accountability for CSR initiatives and progress. MAGIL hos a centralised team of experts to manage, regularly review and monitor the delivery of the climate strategy across our airports and wider business. The team provides climate change reports to senior leadership which are reviewed and updated annually to provide adequate coverage of performance and ensure progress against the CSR Strategy. The report includes information relating to the responsibility for driving the reduction of the company's carbon emissions, guiding the approach to carbon offsetting and identifying and assessing the physical impacts and transition risks and opportunities of climate change to the business. Strategy Climate change poses a significant set of strategic risks for the aviation sector and for our business. As an operator of critical national infrastructure, we assess our climate-related risks over the short, medium and long term: short-term, covering the time period 2020-2039; medium-term, covering the time period 2040-2069; and long-term, covering the time period 2070-2099. Transitioning to a low-carbon economy poses a higher risk in the short term, as MAGIL strives to achieve net zero carbon operations by 2038. Climate-related physical risks pose significant business impacts to MAGIL over the medium to longer term. Scenario analysis has been used to assess the climate-related physical and transition risks and opportunities under two distinct climate scenarios for the three identified time horizons. We have considered two distinct scenarios, defined as projected changes based on possible climate outcomes, in line with the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Chonge's (IPCC) Representative Concentration Pathways (RCPs).    For both physical and transition risks we have selected the following scenarios. • A medium-emission scenario: associated with RCP 6.0, this scenario approximates 2°C worming by 2100. In this scenario, greenhouse gos emissions ore mitigated, optimistic assumptions in line with current and proposed policy. on outcome in line with a representing the most • A high-emission scenario: associated with RCP 8.5, this scenario approximates on outcome in line with a 3-4°C worming by 21 00. In this scenario, greenhouse gos emissions continue to grow unmitigated. Through our CSR Strategy, we position and deliver our strategic approach to climate change. A fundamental part of our climate strategy is to proactively contribute towards the decarbonisation of the wider aviation industry. We recognise that the climate crisis cannot be tackled alone, and we continue to engage directly with stakeholders and the wider industry. MAGIL was a founding member of the UK aviation industry coalition, Sustainable Aviation, and remains a member of the managing council. Our CEO, Charlie Cornish, is one of two airport members of the Government's Jet Zero Council, with MAGIL also an active member of the environmental committees of the regional and global environment committees of our trade association Airports Council International (ACI). Our strategy also considers climate change adaptation and resilience. For more than a decode, MAGIL has comprehensively considered climate change adaptation. In December 2021, we submitted our third Climate Change Adaptation Report 1 to the Government, including the results of our third adaptation risk assessment. Risk management Climate change is a key risk to our business and forms part of MAGIL's organisational strategic (principal) risk register which is reported to the MAHL Audit Committee twice a year. The MAHL CSR Committee further engages on the identification'. assessment and management of climate-related risks. Over the last decade, MAGIL has published three Climate Change Adaptation Reports which are required to be submitted to the Department for Environment, Food and Rural Affairs (DEFRA) and contributes to the development of the Government's National Adaptation Programme. In December 2021, following MAGIL's latest Climate Change Adaptation Progress Report (see 'physical risks' below), we revised our approach to climate-related risk management. The report marked, for the first time, a holistic review whereby the approach to climate change adaptation risk assessment was revised in line with MAGIL's overarching Management Framework methodology. This year, we further refined our approach to identifying climate-related transition risks (see 'transition risks' below), adopting the overarching risk methodology. The findings from both climate change risk assessments contribute to our corporate assessment of risk and ensure that climate change is discussed at the highest level within the organisation. Our climate change risk methodology considers the impact (on a scale of l 'minimal' to 5 'critical') and likelihood (on a scale of l 'improbable' to 5 'highly probable') of potential risk consequences. The impact and likelihood scores for each risk ore multiplied to calculate risk exposure, hence the maximum exposure rating for any risk is 25. The risks with the highest score ore, therefore, considered the most significant and ore prioritised for mitigation and management.    Risk management continued For each climate-related transition risk identified, we assess the risk score against the two chosen climate change scenarios (see 'strategy' section of this report). Within each climate change scenario, we assess the risk score over short, medium and long-term time horizons. To best identify areas where further control is necessary, our climate change risk registers baseline future risk against current net risk. Climate-related physical risks and opportunities We have published climate change adaptation risk registers considering the physical risks for each of our airports. In line with the TCFD recommendations, physical risks are defined as follows. • Acute physical risks: event-driven risks, including as cyclones, hurricanes, and floods; and increased severity of extreme weather events, such • Chronic physical risks: longer term shifts in climate patterns (e.g., sustained higher temperatures) that may cause sea level rise and chronic heat waves. Our climate change adaptation risk registers identify a range of risks relating to infrastructure, network operations and human health and wellbeing. The most significant climate-related physical risks and associated business impacts across our airports are outlined in the table on this and the next page. Climate-related physical risk Increased frequency and severity of storm events including high winds, intense rainfall and icy conditions. . Business impact to MAGIL Operational disruption resulting from physical impacts to infrastructure at MAGIL's airports. Business disruption and reduced revenue due to lost time. Increased likelihood of airfield safety accidents and incidents as a result of hazardous conditions posing health risks to MAGIL's staff and passengers. . . Current and future actions Emergency and business continuity plans for the loss of services. . . Safety measures for ramp workers in the event of increased storms and lightning events. . Maintenance of climate-change watching briefs using the latest climate change projections. . . Increased frequency and intensity of winter rainfall events resulting in the release of contaminated surface water. . . Increased likelihood of contaminated surface water may lead to the overspill of balancing ponds containing de-icing chemicals. Negative impacts on the natural environment around the airports. Potential health risks to MAGIL's airport operators, passengers, employees and staff. Planned full review of the existing drainage networks to improve data capture and inform decisions on future improvements to the system. . . Disruption to flight schedules as a result of adverse weather events, sea level rise and storm surges at and enroute to destination airports. Atmospheric disruption may affect the routing of aircraft between arrival and departure. Delays to landing times and enhanced rur,il burning, resulting in business disruption and enhanced operating costs for airlines. Sea level rise and storm surges at destination airports may reduce the viability of future destinations being available lo passengers, thereby reducing passenger demand, profitability and revenue for MAGIL's airports. . . Performance-based navigation (PBN) to address the risk of extremities of wet and dry conditions affecting ground reflection or navigational aids . . Engaging with emerging research through partnerships with Eurocontrol and the Airport Council International. . A watching brief on sea level rise and storm-surge risks that will cause loss of low-lying airport destinations.    Climate-related physical risks and opportunities continued Climate-related physical risk Disruption to flight schedules as o result of adverse weather events, sea level rise and storm surges at and enroute to destination airports. Restrictions to airport water supplies due to prolonged drought conditions and lowering of waler table. Potential for water supplier drought orders to limit the ovoilobility or use of mains waler. . . . Businessimpact to MAGIL Atmospheric disruption may affect the routing of aircraft between arrival and departure. Delays to landing times and enhanced fuel burning, resulting in business disruption and enhanced operating costs for airlines. Seo level rise and storm surges ot destination airports may reduce the viability of future destinations being ovoiloble to passengers, thereby reducing passenger demand, profitability and revenue for MAGIL's airports. . . Prohibition of certain non-critical activities such os washing of infrastructure and assets. Financial impact arising from need to obtain alternative sources of water. . Reputotionol impact - Asset renewal may be required to introduce water-efficient equipment. Current and future actions . Performance-based navigation (PBN) to address the risk of extremities of wet and dry conditions affecting ground reflection or navigational aids . . . Engaging with emerging research through partnerships with Eurocontrol and the Airport Council International. A watching brief on sea level rise and storm-surge risks tho! will cause loss of low-lying airport destinations. . . Leak detection and repair programme - distribution system maintenance/upgrade. Conformance to asset standards and building regulations - asset renewal strategy - ongoing dialogue with waler companies. . Future plans to develop an airport waler drought management plan to respond to the four levels of drought trigger. The following opportunities were identified to MAGIL in relation Improved staff and passenger comfort as well as wellbeing carbon buildings with climate-ready heating and ventilation to the physical impacts of climate change: • • • protections systems. delivered through the design of low Improved ability to plan and adapt to the physical and passengers through the provision of regularly Enhanced marketing positioning within the aviation mitigate against the negative health and wellbeing heat stroke. impacts of climate change maintained and updated and limit disruption to employees climate change watching briefs. sector through the healthy design of airport buildings impacts of climate change such as thermal discomfort which and • Cost savings as a result of reduced and adjusted de-icing improving product performance where necessary) delivered conditions, including snow events. requirements (e.g. through increasing stock and as a result of regular reviews of weather Climate-related transition risks and opportunities In 2022, we conducted detailed analysis of trends to the price transition in the aviation sector including services within policy signals, production and technological drivers, and changes to climate-related of assets risks and and the market to further advance our approach opportunities.    Climate-related transition risks and opportunities continued TCFD categorises transition risks within four distinct categories: • Policy and legal - policy measures that seek to mitigate against the adverse effects of climate change, and those measures which promote adaptation to climate change. • Technology - technological improvements or innovations (or lock thereoD that impact upon the transition to a lower carbon, energy-efficient economic system. • Market - shifts in supply and demand for certain commodities, products and services. • Reputation - changing customer, community and wider stakeholder perceptions of on organisation's contribution or detraction from the transition to a low-carbon economy. The key climate-related transition risks and associated business impacts to our airports ore outlined Policy and legal below: Climate-related trans1t1on risk Business impact to MAGIL Current and future actions Failure to reoch international agreement on aviation decorbonisation, leading to differentiation between UK, EU and international policy. Increased cost of emissions for flights to and from the UK relative to other countries leading to competitive disadvantage to MAGIL and reduced demand for flying to and from the UK. Demond management measures (those to increase cost and/or limit airport expansion) may further limit future aviation growth. Reduced competitive positioning organisation. of the Reduced access to competitively priced finance and investment. Participation in UK and international trade associations (including industry working groups and those focused on the development of notional and international decorbonisation roodmops). Engagement with UK policy makers through, for example, the Government's Jet Zero Council. Upcoming engagement with the international aviation community ahead of the International Civil Aviation Organization (ICAO) General Assembly and in support of the next ICAO Committee on Aviation Environmental Protection (CAEP) cycle. Introduction of policy measures by regional stakeholders (such as shareholder local authorities) may result in the differentiation between national and regional climate policy. This may require a greater level of aviation decorbonisotion than notional policy; as a greater contribution to emissions reduction than currently apportioned within the UK carbon budget. Protracted planning applications owing to stringent policy and regulations posing potentially complex legal challenges relating to expansion and development. Difficulty in accessing competitively priced finance may limit investment opportunities. A lock of investment may reduce opportunities to further tackle climate change, thereby leading to local reputotionol damage. Regular engagement on policy and legislative changes through participation in regional collaborations (such as the Manchester Climate Change Partnership). Direct engagement with policy officers and elected members.    Technology Climate-related trans1t1on risk Business impact to MAGIL Current and future actions The introduction of alternatively fuelled, zero-carbon aircraft with different operating characteristics may reduce aircraft and/or airport capacity. Reduced passenger throughput due to business disruption resulting from lower aircraft capacity owing, in turn, to longer refuelling turnaround times. The need for increased refuelling safety zones may reduce the availability of land for development. Participation in UK and international trade associations, including the focused upon the development of national and international decarbonisation roadmaps. Engagement with UK policy makers through, for example, the Government's Jet Zero Council. Engagement with FlyZero and Connected Places Catapult projects on the integration of alternatively fuelled aircraft for our future airspaces. Planned engagement with airlines and monufocturers on alternative-fuel aircraft infrastructure and investment as technologies develop to become commercially viable. Large-scole, permanent carbon capture and storage technologies may not mature quickly or at scale to support net zero aviation by the declared target dates. The limited availability of market-based measures may increase costs and limit demand. limited passenger demand and revenue potential owing to increased regulation and compliance costs from heightened carbon pricing (resulting, in turn, from limited carbon capture and storage technologies). Participation in UK and international trade ossociations, including those focused upon the development of notional and international decorbonisation roodmaps. The Sustainable Aviation Coalition has expanded its membership to include those working on the development of negative emissions technologies. We are working collaboratively lo further the understanding of scaling-up carbon capture and storage technologies. In line with the 2022 Sustainable Aviation decorbonisotion roadmap, we will continue our focus on improving morket-bosed measures to support the transition to net zero. Market Climate-related transition risk Business impact to MAGIL Current and future actions Failure of UK and international policy to deliver effective carbon markets. Reduced availability and increased cost of carbon credits. Increased airline operating costs may result in heightened costs of flying for passengers. Difficulty accessing competitively priced finance as a result of reduced attractiveness to prospective investors and shareholders. Challenges recruiting and retaining staff owing to reduced capital and investment, reducing MAGIL's attractiveness as a current and future employer within the aviation sector. Participation in UK and international trade associations, including those focused upon the development of national and international decarbonisation roadmaps. Engagement with UK policy makers through, for example, the Government's Jet Zero Council. Changes in societal behaviours and attitudes towards dimate change may reduce passenger demand due to increased 'flight shame' and wider behavioural changes. Reduction in passenger demand (and, therefore, revenue) may reduce the attractiveness of MAGIL to investors and shareholders, thereby posing challenges to accessing competitively priced finance. Challenges for employee retention and recruitment owing to reduced market attractiveness. MAGIL's CSR Strategy places net zero carbon airports at the forefront of its approach towards delivering a sustainable business (with a target for net zero carbon by 2038). MAGIL delivers net zero actions and initiatives including net zero, carbon-neutral operations across all three airports, certified through the Airport Carbon Accreditation. Continued engagement with the Government's Jet Zero Council to understand and influence policy.    Reputation Climate-related transition nsk Investorsshiftingcapitol ollocotion and finance in favour of low-carbon and climote-resilientbusinesses. Business impact to MAGIL MAGIL'sfailure to align with changed investorpriorities (suchas increasedfocus on climate change)moy result in o lock of capital and investment- MAGIL receives investmentfrom o number of sourcesto ensureoperating costsore feasibleond in line with MAGIL's businessmodel. Reducedrevenueond ossocioted reputotionolrisksfor the businessmay impact upon investmentopportunities. Reducedmarket ottroctivenessto the currentand future workforce,as well os prospectivepassengers. Current and future actions MAGIL'sCSRStrategyfocuseson the deliveryof net zero carbon airportsond outlinesinitiatives ond commitmentsto the decorbonisotionof its operationsand the wider aviation sector. MAGIL will continueto report progressagainst this commitmentto its key stakeholdersand investors. The transition to a low-carbon economy poses a number of climate-related opportunities. We continue to review and realise opportunities for our business and its stakeholders whilst ensuring a just transition to a socially inclusive, low-carbon future. Key climate-related transition opportunities as well as MAGIL's current low-carbon actions and initiatives include: • Positioning the business as a thought-leader in the aviation sector for decarbonisation through continued engagement in policy dialogue, UK and international trade associations and industry working groups. • Supporting research, training and technological innovation to drive the modernisation of airspace and operating procedures {including hydrogen technologies and electrification of transport) and support the uptake and efficiency of sustainable aviation fuels. • Delivery of just transition strategies with unions, local communities, and current and future talent to address the training and skills needs of workers and enterprises in the transition to a low-carbon economy. Plans should support outplacement activities (to minimise the impacts of adverse shocks to changes in the market as a result of the transition to the low-carbon economy) by facilitating adjustments in wages and working time to reduce redundancies and loss of jobs. Metrics and targets Since 2007, we have reported our approach to reducing direct carbon emissions. Our airports were the first in the UK to achieve carbon neutral status which is certified through participation at Level 3 + (Neutrality) of the Airport Carbon Accreditation programme. Within our CSR Strategy, a strategic priority is the commitment to achieving net zero carbon emissions from our airport operations by 2038 at the latest. To achieve this commitment, our CSR Strategy is regularly reviewed and reported against the supporting targets and associated actions thot we will take to reduce our absolute and residual emissions. We measure, monitor and disclose our Scope 1, 2 and 3 greenhouse gas emissions 2 annually in line with the Greenhouse Gas Protocol Corporate Standard. We disclose absolute greenhouse gas emissions and an industry-agreed carbon intensity measure, which is emissions per traffic unit (where traffic units are equivalent to 1,000 passengers or 100 tonnes of freight and mail).    Metrics and targets continued We are passionate about ensuring that the reporting of our greenhouse gas emissions is insightful and transparent. We have been publicly disclosing our greenhouse gas emissions for over a decade, with reports regularly enhanced through methodology improvements and the calculation and disclosure of a wider range of indirect emissions. Our greenhouse gas footprint is audited by an independent third party TUV Nord. The headline target for net zero by 2038 is accompanied by additional commitments to ensure that we play our full part in addressing airport-related emissions, including from aircraft and surface access transport. This includes our commitment to ensure that our airport infrastructure will operate on renewable energy by 2030, with new and replacement infrastructure running on renewable energy from 2025 and our fleet comprising l 00% ultra-low emission vehicles by 2030. When assessing business cases, our considerations include climate-related with utilities, carbon offsets and emission trading scheme compliance. Transitioning to a low-carbon and climate-resilient future costs such as those associated This year, we will continue to review our climate change risks and opportunities, as well as further refine our approach to current and future mitigation. We will continue to monitor and identify new and emerging interdependencies for both the physical and transition climate-related risks and opportunities to our business. Through our established relationships with local authorities, the Environment Agency, water supply companies, transport providers and others we are working with, we will endeavour to better understand and address these interdependencies. We will continue to engage with local resilience forums. On an ongoing basis, we are reviewing and considering opportunities to extend our partnership working both within and beyond the aviation sector to lead the transition to the low-carbon economy. Over time, we will develop metrics that measure our financial risk against the transition and physical climate-related risks to our business. Progress against these actions will be reported to the MAHL Audit Committee and CSR Committee and included in our next annual report and CSR report.
