   Corporate governance The Wates Corporate Governance Principles for Large Private Companies (the "Wates Principles") serves as the framework to demonstrate how directors have had regard for the matters set out in section 172( I )(a) to (f) of the Companies Act 2006 (''s 172") when performing their duties, including how directors have engaged with and considered the interests of stakeholders including the Company's shareholder, employees, suppliers, customers; and other stakeholders such as the environment and local communities within which the Company operates. The Board of Directors of Markerstudy Group Holdings Limited ("the Board") believe that they have acted in a way that they consider, in good faith, has regard to the matters as detailed in sl 72 and the Wates Principles as follows. Principle I - Purpose and leadership ''An effective board develops and promotes the purpose of the Company, and ensures that its values, strategy and culture align with that purpose. " The purpose of the Markerstudy Group Holdings Limited Board of Directors is to provide leadership of the Group within a framework of prudent and effective controls which enables risk to be assessed and managed. The Board sets the Group's strategic aims, ensures that the necessary financial and human resources are in place for the Group to meet its objectives, reviews management performance and has a clear oversight of the Group's operations. In addition, the Board sets the Group's values and standards and ensure that its obligations to its shareholders and others are understood and met. Principle 2 - Composition ''Effective board composition requires an effective chair and a balance of skills, backgrounds, experience and knowledge, with individual directors having sufficient capacity to make a valuable contribution. The si=e of a board should be guided by the scale and complexity of the Company." The size of the Board is guided by the scale and complexity of the Group's business and the Board believes that its size and structure provides a balance of skills, backgrounds, experience and knowledge necessary to oversee the current scope of the Group's activities. During the period, the Board comprised of a Chair and five further Non-Executive Financial Officer, and the Chief Underwriting Officer. Directors, the CEO, the Chief The Company has separate Chair and CEO roles to maintain a balance of responsibilities, accountability and effective decision-making. The Chair leads the Board and is responsible for its overall effectiveness, promoting and facilitating open and constructive debate. The Chair, supported by the Company Secretary, ensures that all directors have sufficient time and information to facilitate meaningful discussion and that there are good levels of communication between the Executive Leadership Team and the Board. The Company values the contribution brought by Non-Executive Directors, particularly their contributions to the formulation of strategy, independent and objective judgment to Board deliberations, and constructive challenge of executive management. The Board's terms ofreference calendar year.    were updated in May 2022 to stipulate that there be ten full board meetings per    Principle 3 - Responsibilities "The board and individual directors should have a clear understanding of their accountability and responsibilities. The board's policies and procedures should support effective decision making and independent challenge." The Board is guided by its terms of reference, which provide a framework for governance practices and clearly set out the Board's overall leadership responsibility and matters reserved for its consideration and approval, whilst delegating to the CEO and Executive Leadership Team the day to day running of the operations of the Group. As corporate governance and business practices evolve over time, the Board will review its terms of reference and other governance policies and update them as necessary. Principle 4 - Opportunity and Risk ''The Board should promote the long term sustainable success of the Company by identifying opportunities lo create and preserve value, and establish oversight.for ident/fi~ation and mitigation of risks." The Board promotes the long-terms success of the Company by identifying opportunities to create and preserve value, while maintaining oversight of risk. The CEO provides an update at each meeting, detailing performance updates, five-year forecasts, key business initiatives and future plans for value creation. The Board has responsibility for the Group's overall approach to risk management, and has delegated this oversight responsibility to the Group Risk and Compliance Committee ("GRCC"). GRCC receives regular reports from the Chief Risk Officer on risk-taking relative to performance and makes recommendations on risk appetite and tolerance to the Board annually. The Group's principal risks are outlined in the strategic report. Principle 5 - Remuneration "A Board should promote executive remuneration structures aligned to the long term sustainable success of a company, taking into account pay and conditions elsewhere in the Company." The Remuneration Committee ("RemCo") assists the Group Board in meeting its responsibilities regarding the determination, implementation and oversight of senior remuneration arrangements to enable the recruitment, motivation and retention of such senior employees who have the required skills to support the strategic objectives and values of the firm. RemCo is responsible for determining and implementing the Group's Remuneration Policy for the directors, company secretary and other senior executives, ensuring that overall levels of reward or remuneration are sufficient to attract, retain and motivate individuals of the quality necessary to manage the business effectively and successfully, but that overall levels are not excessive in comparison to the relevant external market and incentive arrangements do not encourage excessive risk taking. RemCo is responsible for ensuring that the Remuneration Policy does not incentivise behaviours that will or could cause harm to customers. Principle 6 - Stakeholder Relationships and Engagement "Directors should.foster effective stakeholder relationships aligned to the Company's purpose. The board is responsible.for overseeing meaningful engagement with stakeholders, including the workforce, and having regard to their views when taking decisions. "    Customers and suppliers Across the Group, we have many long-standing and highly successful relationships with our customers and suppliers. The Group's ethos is to promote fairness and integrity in customer service and commit to 'putting the fun into insurance', for the benefit of our customers, employees and the community. Our customers are at the heart of everything we do, and the board is committed to treating customers fairly. The Group is also committed to building strong positive relationships with a wide range of insurers, brokers, managing general agents and other distribution channels.    Shareholder As a wholly owned subsidiary, the Board considers the views of the Company's parent entity, Venus Topco Limited, and the interests of the Group in all decisions and transactions undertaken. The Executive Directors provide the primary channel of communication between the Company and its parent. Distributions to the Company's shareholder are considered after a full assessment of the Company's capital adequacy and ability to continue as a going concern into the foreseeable future. The Board also balances the ability to invest in future growth, with stable and sustainable returns for the shareholder. Employees Consultation with employees, or their representatives, is performed at all levels, with the aim of ensuring that views are taken into account when decisions are made that are likely to affect their interests. All employees are aware of the financial and economic performance of their business units and of the Markerstudy Group ?S a whole. Communication with all employees continues through the in-house newspaper and newsletters, briefing groups and the distribution of the annual report. The Board is committed to its focus on employees' working environment and career development opportunities, which has helped the Group achieve its 'Investors in People' accreditation. A number of initiatives developed by the Group including the 'Shooting Stars' programme for leaders of the future, and 'ALEX' the Group's apprenticeship syllabus, have all contributed to the Group achieving the accreditation. The Group has also developed core values, 'VI 0', which help maintain the Group's culture and keeps staff attitudes to work aligned. Post pandemic a large proportion of the Group's staff base continue to work flexibly, and the Board is committed to ensuring the channels of communication are effective for all work patterns, to ensure staff are listened to and are able to continue working effectively. Communitv and Environment The Board considers the Group's impact on the wider community and the environment as part of the decision-making process on all key initiatives. The Group's 'motiv8' initiative supports staff in their community and charity fundraising activities. The Board also aims to encourage green initiatives to reduce our carbon footprint, as well as promoting safe driving. The carbon emissions section above details some of the initiatives taken to reduce the Group's carbon footprint.
