   Corporate governance report The new corporate governance reporting requirements, as defined by The Companies (Miscellaneous Reporting) Regulations 2018, apply to company reporting and Companiesthe cy adopted the Wates principles as an appropriate framework. Included below are details of how the principles have been applied throughout the past year and plans for improving and strengthen the approach to Corporate Governance going forward. 1) Purpose and leadership Marriott conducts its business through its officers and employees, under the direction of Marriott International, lnc.'s president and chief executive officer (the "CEO"). The board of directors and management exercise their responsibilities with a view toward delivering value for all Marriott's stakeholders, including the ultimate stockholders of Marriott International, employees, customers, hotel owners and franchisees, suppliers and the communities where Marriott operates. Marriott's growth strategy is fundamentally based on creating programs and opportunities that not only benefit communities, but also help strengthen the business and demonstrate how responsible hotel management can create economic opportunities. • Marriott has established a holistic approach to ensure a high level of commitment to employees, customers and owners. Marriott lnternational's Board of Directors oversees management and, through this oversight, enhances the long-term value of Marriott International, Inc. A formal infrastructure of a range of councils comprised of executives and employees (assisted by external experts) guides Marriott International in making everyday decisions that affect the work environment, the sustainability and social impact practices, and the business strategy of the Marriott group. When considering the likely long-term consequences of their decisions the Directors of Marriott Hotels Limited ensure these are aligned with the aims of Marriott lnternational's growth strategy. 2) Board composition In determining the board composition of the company, Marriott Hotels Limited is guided by the direction communicated by Marriott International, Inc. and the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee ("NCGC"~ it has established. Board members are selected who bring a depth of experience, skills, and knowledge relevant to the board and Marriott's business, including the ability to provide effective oversight of long-term strategy and enterprise risk. Candidates must be committed to representing the long-term interests of the stockholders. While Marriott International does not maintain a formal diversity policy for board membership, they believe that Directors, considered as a group, should provide a mix of background, experience, knowledge and abilities, and should reflect the diversity of Marriott lnternational's stockholders, employees, customers, guests, and the communities in which it operates. Diversity of background and experience is defined by the NCGC to broadly include, among other things, differences in background, qualifications, experiences, viewpoints, geographic locations, education, skills and expertise, professional and industry experience, and personal characteristics (including age, gender and ethnicity/race). Based ori the size and complexity of the company and the entities within the UK Group, the Board of Marriott Hotels Limited comprises two members of the senior management team of the UK Group, representing the Finance and Administration function and Human Resources function. In making these appointments consideration has been given to ensure a balance of skills, backgrounds, experience, knowledge, and diversity as outlined by Marriott International, Inc. and the NCGC.    3) Director Responsibilities The Directors of the company understand they have responsibility regarding the applicable laws and regulations in the UK and applicable United Kingdom Accounting Standards. The Directors are kept aware of changes in UK law through the company's corporate secretarial function and are kept aware of changes in UK financial reporting standards through the company's corporate statutory reporting team and professional advisors. The Directors of the company make decisions regarding the appointment and supervision of the company's independent auditor, reviewing the company's financial condition, and overseeing the company's processes for assessing and managing risk. The Board of Marriott International, Inc., together with its independent committees have responsibility to evaluate and challenge Marriott's strategic plans, shape effective corporate governance, approve appointment of corporate officers and oversee succession plans for the CEO and other senior management positions, approve senior executive compensation, appoint and supervise Marriott lnternational's independent auditor, review Marriott lnternational's financial condition, oversee Marriott lnternational's processes for assessing and managing risk, declare dividends, and approve significant investments and divestitures and other significant matters. 4) Opportunity and risk The company prepares a long range plan and business plan annually in line with the guidance and timetable set by Marriott International, Inc. which sets forth growth goals and opportunities to achieve them. These budget and growth plans are presented to the EMEA CFO, EMEA President and to the Marriott International, Inc. Group CFO and President & CEO. The EMEA Executive Team is given monthly updates on actual and potential strategic initiatives, including acquisitions, focusing on the long-term impact and value creation which are then discussed with the relevant Marriott International Councils. Monthly forecast reviews are used to monitor and drive performance, at a detailed level. Principal risks and uncertainties are presented in the Strategic report. These external, financial, operational, and strategic risks have been identified by the Directors and key business leaders. Mitigation strategies are in place to manage the exposure to each of the risks. 5) Remuneration No remuneration was received by any of the Directors for their services to the company during the year as their services to the company were merely incidental to their employment in another Marriott group com·pany. The Directors' remuneration, including contributions to a defined contribution pension plan, have been borne by another group undertaking, Marriott Hotels International Limited. Marriott is committed to attracting and retaining quality employees and aligning their purposes, values and strategy with that of the group as a whole. Therefore, Marriott offers competitive remuneration packages, benefits, and bonus/incentive schemes. Remuneration for senior staff, including the Directors of UK entities is determined in line with Marriott International policy. Employee pay is reviewed annually, and the Directors of the Company are included within the same pay review process and are subject to the same review and approval to ensure equality and consistency in approach. 6) Stakeholder Relationships and Engagement The company considers its stakeholders to be employees, suppliers, customers and hotels owners. The Section 172 ( 1) statement on page 9 within the Strategic report outlines the company's approach when considering the interest of stakeholders as well as engaging with these stakeholde    s.
