   Corporate Governance Statement The Directors have set out below an explanation of how the Wates Principles have been applied during the 2021 year. The Company forms part of the MMC Group and further information in respect of the Group's compliance can be found in the Corporate Governance disclosure of its sister company, Marsh Limited's, Report and Accounts for the year ended 31 December 2021.    Principle 1 - Purpose and leadership Purpose The Company forms part of the MMC Group, a global professional services provider, specialising in the areas of risk, strategy and people. These services are delivered through four businesses, namely Marsh, Mercer, Guy Carpenter and Oliver Wyman. The Company is part of the Marsh business, is a services company and the primary employer for employees of the Marsh, Guy Carpenter (GC) and MMC Group entities in the UK. Values and Culture The Greater Good, which is the Group's Code of Conduct, applies to all Directors and employees of the Company and it embodies the Group's commitment to maintaining the highest level of ethical conduct and professional standards. These non-negotiable standards are outlined in the Greater Good, which emphasises the importance of building trust with colleagues, clients and the wider community. The Board and the Executive team are committed to ensuring that the Company makes a positive difference for its clients, its employees, its communities and society at large. During the year, the Company worked with an external provider to deliver a programme designed to deliver an inclusive culture across a diverse workforce. This included an all employee survey on culture, training on diversity and inclusion delivered to over 900 managers and the setting of diversity and inclusion and culture metrics goals.    Principle 1 - Purpose and Leadership (continued) Strategy The impact of the global Covid-19 pandemic and the hybrid working environment continued to present challenges to the business in the 2021 financial year, offset by the benefit of the hard insurance market. The Board retained its focus on ensuring the safety and wellbeing of colleagues. The principal focus of the Company during 2021 continued to be that of an employing company acting on behalf of other operating companies in the UK such as Marsh Limited. The Board received updates, and monitored matters relating to the Group's people strategy and culture, employee benefits and the benefits harmonisation work which followed the acquisition of the JLT Group of Companies by MMC. In addition, the Board retained a focus on a number of other matters which included the 2021 year-end review process and the total compensation review, attrition rates, gender pay gap reporting, the Modern Slavery Statement, global mobility, changes in HR legislation and relevant internal policies, diversity and inclusion, the graduate and apprenticeship schemes and UK payment practices. The Board has discussed the feedback and actions arising from engagement surveys and the developing culture of the Group remains an important consideration, as does the Organisation's continued response to the Covid-19 pandemic. In addition, the Board provided oversight and challenge in respect of the development of the culture of the organisation. Colleagues remain a priority and the Group have launched a new UK Colleague Guide which seeks to align and simplify language on all colleague related policies. These have been enhanced in a number of areas, further enabling colleague well-being and supporting a healthy balance between work and home life. Providing a sustainable platform for change into the future has been a particular focus and we have been successful in ensuring that our early careers joiners - graduates, apprentices and interns - are gender, ethnically and racially diverse. The Board also receives updates from a management committee considering health and safety matters and from members of the Employee Consultative Forums, the Colleague Information and Consultation Forum (CICC). Members of the various employee representative forums have attended Board meetings to provide an update on activities and raise any issues or matters of concern. More recently representatives of the Colleague Resource Groups have been invited to attend Board meetings. Principle 2 - Composition Chair The Chair is responsible for the leadership of the Board and its effective operation. The former Chair of the Board resigned on 31 December 2021. A female Chair was appointed on 1 January 2022. The new Chair is an experienced and senior leader of the Organisation. One director retired on 28 February 2022 and a further director was appointed on 5 May 2022. The directors have equal voting rights, except the Chair, who has the casting vote. All Directors have access to the advice and services of the Company Secretary and may, if they wish, take professional advice at the Company's expense. Balance and Diversity & Size and Structure During the year the Board comprised the Chair and six other directors and its composition is appropriate in terms of skills and expertise· for its purpose comprising of senior leaders from the business, the Human Resources functions, Finance and Operations. Of the Board of seven, four directors are female. • Effectiveness Directors have access to induction materials on appointment. In addition, they are able to keep their skills, knowledge and familiarity with the Company up to date by meeting with other members of senior management, and by attending a schedule of Group board training events and appropriate external seminars and training courses. Individual training can also be arranged by the Company Secretary on specific request.    Principle 3 - Director Responsibilities Accountability The Board operates a programme of five scheduled meetings a year (there is an additional meeting with a number of other entities, which is related to gender pay gap reporting), with ad hoc meetings held as and when required. In 2021, the Board met a total of ten times and considered a number of matters including those outlined in Principle One. Integrity of Information The Board receives reports on matters within its remit, which includes employee benefits and HR matters, at each scheduled Board meeting. Principle 4 - Opportunity and Risk Opportunity The Board assists the Marsh Limited and Guy Carpenter UK Boards in fulfilling the responsibility for ensuring that sound risk management and internal control systems operate within the Company's areas of responsibility. The Marsh UK and Ireland Chief Risk Officer attends each scheduled meeting. Principle 5 - Remuneration Policies The Remuneration Committee is a mechanism to provide regional governance and oversight of remuneration matters within the Marsh UK and Guy Carpenter UK businesses. The Remuneration Committee is chaired by the Chair of the Marsh Limited Board and is responsible for ensuring that the Remuneration Policy and compensation practices of the Company are consistent with, and promote, sound and effective risk management, encourage fair treatment of clients, include measures to avoid conflicts of interest, are in line with business strategy, objectives, values, culture, and the long term interests of the Company. In carrying out its responsibilities, the Committee considers: (a) the success and appropriateness of the risk and reward mechanisms available to the businesses to align the success of individual colleagues with the success of the business in a risk adjusted context; • (b) benchmarks, at a market level, against the stated employee value propositions · referencing both remuneration and benefits strategies; and (c) the extent to which remuneration structures support the business and development plans and succession planning needs.    Principle 5 - Remuneration (continued) The remuneration packages of all executive directors, members of the Executive Team, and all other colleagues falling within the top 50 employees based upon remuneration, (including base salary, bonuses, performance-related payments, discretionary payments, long-term incentive awards, share options and pension contributions) are reviewed and approved by the Remuneration Committee in order to ensure that executive performance is remunerated based on a balanced set of measures including financial performance as well as customer and conduct measures. As part of the annual compensation process, the Committee reviews and challenges management on total remuneration and performance data for all colleagues with a view to ensuring that remuneration proposals for the workforce as a whole are balanced, proportionate and aligned with the Company's commitment to building a diverse and inclusive workforce. • The Company produces a Gender Pay Gap Report on an annual basis, which is carefully scrutinised and discussed by the Board. The Company is committed to continue improving the Company's Gender Pay Gap. For further details in this regard, please refer to the Company's latest Gender Pay Gap Report which can be found at https://www.marsh.com/uk/about-marsh/gender-pay-gap.html The MSL Board assists the Marsh Limited and GC Board's in fulfilling the responsibilities within its remit and, in particular, in reviewing and monitoring employee benefits, the year-end reviews and total compensation processes and the approach to diversity and inclusion matters and commitment to building a diverse workforce. Principle 6 - Stakeholder Relationships and Engagement The purpose of the Company is to protect and promote possibility for the benefit of colleagues, clients and the community Shareholder As a wholly owned subsidiary, the Board duly considers the views of its ultimate shareholder, Marsh & McLennan Companies Inc., and the interests of the Group as a whole as part of any major decisions and transactions undertaken by the Company. Distributions to the Company's shareholder are only considered after a full assessment of capital adequacy and the Company's ability to continue.as a going concern into the foreseeable future and to ensure investment in the future growth of the Company, balanced with stable and sustainable returns to the shareholder. Further information on dividends is set out in the Notes to the Financial Statements on page 32. The Ch.air of the Board provides the primary channel of communication between the Company, its shareholder and the wider Group. Clients The Company provides employment services to a number of group companies, mainly Marsh Limited, which provides risk, insurance and reinsurance services.    Principle 6 - Stakeholder Relationships and Engagement (continued) Colleagues The Company provides staff to other companies in a professional services group, and so employees are at the heart of the Company's business and, throughout 2021, the health, wellbeing and safety of employees has continued to be a key priority for the Board. In July 2021, the Company, in line with Government advice, welcome back colleagues to its offices on a phase approach and in accordance with strict safety measures to ensure the safety and well-being of all colleagues. The Directors recognise that the Covid-19 pandemic has had a significant impact, not only on employees' work environment but also on a personal level. The Chief Executive Officers and the Executive Teams increased engagement with colleagues through regular virtual Townhall meetings and in ensuring the provision of mental health support. This has continued as offices have gradually re-opened. Regular employee engagement surveys are conducted and results are carefully scrutinised by the Board to identify and implement actions for improvement. The Board monitors attrition rates and measures absenteeism levels in an effort to identify emerging people risks and trends and to ensure appropriate action is taken to address these. Emerging people risks and trends are. highlighted to the Board together with proposed action plans. The Company is committed to reinforcing a wholly inclusive culture across a truly diverse workforce. One aspect of this is demonstrated through our commitment to the Women in Finance Charter to increase the number of females in senior grades to 25% by the end of 2023. We have seen an increase in our senior female representation during 2021, resulting in 23.3% of our senior management population now being female. This shows significant progress towards our 2023 target. Our 2021 Women in Finance Charter is published annually · and can be found at https://www.marsh.com/uk/about-marsh/women-in-finance.html. We have established a number of Colleague Resource Groups to help the Company better understand and support a wide range of inclusive constituents of our workforce. These groups include , AccessABILITIES, Balance, Mental Health, Military, Multi-Cultural, Pride and Young Professionals group. The Marsh Group has also continued to have in place an Employee Consultative Forum representing employees from all offices and lines of business in discussions with executive management. Representatives from these groups are invited to attend a meeting of the MSL Board. The Company participates in two UK pension schemes. Both schemes are governed by an Independent Trustee Board made up of both Company appointed and member nominated Trustee Directors. The Trustee Board is responsible for communicating and engaging with pension scheme members and does this on a regular basis, including through an annual newsletter. Members can also ask questions and provide feedback via the administration teams who support the pension schemes. The Company engages with the Trustee Board as part of the Trustee Board's quarterly meeting schedule and through a Joint Working Group which is made up of representatives of both the Company and Trustee Board. Community The Company, and the Group as a whole, recognises that in a world facing increasing risk and uncertainty, supporting our communities is more important than ever before. To this end, the Group has established a committee, comprised of representatives from across its businesses in the UK, to focus on our Social Impact efforts in the UK. Given the Group's expertise in risk, strategy and people, our social impact efforts are focused on 'building resilient communities through mentoring and disaster response & rebuilding.'    •Principle 6 - Stakeholder Relationships and Engagement (continued) Community (continued) By aligning its Social Impact programmes with the business priorities and experience, the Group is able to demonstrate its commitment to its communities in the UK while supporting the business. The Group partners with select strategic global non-profit organisations, including; the Cherie Blair Foundation for Women, Junior Achievement, Missing Maps and the British Red Cross in the UK and encourages colleagues to volunteer with its non-profit partners, for local causes that are important to them and their clients. Following a successful partnership with the British Red Cross, the new charity partner is Ambitious about Autism. The Group has developed climate initiatives which represent a tangible step towards building a more sustainable environment for colleagues, clients, shareholders and future generations. More information on the initiatives may be found in the Greenhouse Gas Emissions, Energy Consumption And Energy Efficiency Action Report on page 14. Suppliers The Company's business with suppliers is managed through the MMC Group's Global Sourcing and Procurement department. The relationships with suppliers are governed either by a specific contractual agreement or a standard terms and conditions agreement with the supplier, both of which oblige all suppliers to uphold and comply with the MMC Group corporate code of conduct: 'The Greater Good'. This document outlines the key tenants of our anti-fraud, anti-slavery, bribery and corruption policy, diversity and inclusion practices, hiring practices, and more. Suppliers and supplier personnel are required to comply with the relevant provisions of such as part of our contractual agreements. The Group actively seeks to encourage and assist diverse suppliers interested in competing for opportunities to supply goods and services and encourages all of our suppliers to take similar action. We recognize that by partnering with diverse suppliers, we can create more value for our clients, and the communities we serve. As a commitment to delivering value and leadership through diversity, the MMC Group is doing the following: Utilising purchasing strategies, processes, and behaviours consistent with diversity and inclusiveness; Actively and routinely seeking out qualified, diverse suppliers that can provide competitive and high-quality goods and services Encouraging participation and support of supplier diversity by major suppliers to Marsh McLennan; Collaborating with our clients and suppliers on innovative ways to promote supplier diversity; Creating opportunities to assist in the development and recognition of divers supplier groups through instruction, mentoring, and other outreach activities;and Monitoring progress on the effectiveness of our supplier diversity efforts. The Company is committed to ensuring that slavery and human trafficking is not taking place in any of the Company's supply chains or any part of its business and has in place a Modern Slavery Policy which has been rolled out to all colleagues and incorporated into the Company's induction programme. All suppliers are required to comply with modern slavery legislation under the standard terms and conditions of our contracting agreements, the Group's Global Sourcing and Procurement team issue an annual modern slavery supplier questionnaire to certain suppliers (selected on a risk based approach) to monitor compliance. The Board is updated on response rates and the outcome of questionnaires on an annual basis. The Company's Modern Slavery Statement is published annually and can be found at https://www.marsh.com/uk/modern-slavery-statement.html The Company reports on its supplier payment practices on a bi-annual basis, and results are monitored by the Marsh Audit Committee at its quarterly meetings. The Company's latest results can be found at https://check-payment-practices.service.gov. uk/report/54316
