   Statement of corporate governance arrangements The Board followed the spirit of the principles of the UK Corporate Governance Code (the Code), and the main areas not complied with during the year are as follows: Provision 21: The Code recommends that there should be a formal and rigorous annual evaluation of the performance of the Board, its committees, the chair and individual Directors. In light of the expected transaction timetable the Board decided to defer such evaluation considering that it was highly likely that it would have limited time to benefit from any findings. In addition an evaluation would have diverted resources at precisely the time that the Board would have needed to focus its attention on the demands of the recommended acquisition. Provisions 23, and 26: In light of the fact that the Company is now a wholly owned subsidiary this Annual Report does not seek to detail the work of the remuneration and audit committees during the course of the year. Provision 31: In light of the fact that the Company is no longer listed this Annual Report does not include a viability statement. As set out in the going concern statement above, the Directors have concluded at the time of approving the financial statements that it is their· expectation that the Company and the Group as a whole have adequate financial resources to continue in operational existence for the foreseeable future. The Wates Principles of Corporate Governance are being adopted following Mastiff Bidco for its governance arrangements as a Large Private Company. Stakeholder engagement the acquisition by    Promoting the Company's success is the driving factor behind all decisions made by the Board. Decision making processes are structured to enable directors to evaluate the merit of proposed business activities and the likely consequences of its decisions over the short, medium and long term. The Board carefully considers the impact of the business on the communities and environments in which the Group operates. Due consideration is paid to the Group's stakeholders, including but not limited to our customers, suppliers, business partners, employees, shareholders and also the wider environmental and societal impacts. In all its activities, and those of the Group, the Board requires . . . that our employees and partners conduct business with the highest. ethical and professional standards.    Employees The Company held a number of Group wide business updates during the year, led by the Chief Executive, Chief Financial Officer and Chief People Officer, where employees were provided the opportunity to feedback to the Executive Directors. These updates were filmed and made available on the Group's intra net for those employees who were unable to attend for any reason. McCarthy Stone received an external accreditation from Great Place to Work UK, which is given to companies with an exceptional workplace culture. We received the award based on feedback from 1,777 employees from across the company who took part in our first full Great Place to Work survey. All employees have access to the Group intranet site, where they can find news, policies and procedures and a range of other materials of interest. All Group sites use a combination of notice boards and/or digital displays to communicate employee information, with many sites giving employees the opportunity to make suggestions for improvement using feedback boxes. During the year, the Group's corporate communications department compiled and distributed various materials to employees including a quarterly employee magazine, online news items and senior management communique. Dovetailing with this, certain group functions undertook more specialist engagement relevant to specific functions such as finance and procurement. We give full and fair consideration to applications for employment made by disabled persons, having / regard to their aptitudes and abilities and we arrange appropriate training, career development and promotion for disabled persons and those that have become disabled during the period when they were employed by the company. Customers In light of the Covid-19 pandemic, engagement with our customers has increased significantly. In addition to our normal communication through house/ estate managers, newsletters and customer opinion surveys, we provided our customers with additional tailored on-site assistance and support from our c.1,600 strong Services team, and a further c.500 volunteers joined our Buddy scheme to ensure that customers were never without medication or food supplies. Suppliers. Building strong relationships with suppliers enables the Company to obtain the best value, service and quality. The Company works with suppliers who understand our business and adhere to our ways of working. Our procurement and operations teams work hard to understand our supply chain and develop deeper and more strategic relationships with key suppliers. Investors Our investors are actively involved with strategic and operational decisions.    Each Director confirms that: October 2021 (continued) • so far as the Director is aware, there is no relevant audit information of which the Company's auditor is unaware; and • the Director has taken all the steps that he/she ought to have taken as a Director in order to make himself/herself aware of any relevant audit information and to establish that the Company's au~itor is aware of that information. This confirmation is given and should be interpreted in accordance with the provisions of section 418 of the Companies Act 2006.
