   Corporate Governance McDonald's is committed to high standards of corporate governance. We have a comprehensive range of policies and systems in place to ensure that our restaurants and business are well-managed, with effective oversight and control. The Company has adopted the Wates Corporate Governance Principles for Large Private Companies in the UK to sit alongside the corporate governance policies already in place for McDonald's Corporation. In addition the Company is also subject to reporting to McDonald's Corporation as part of the wider McDonald's systems requirements. Principle One -Purpose and Leadership The success of the Company is the driving factor behind all decisions made by the Board. Decision making processes are structured to enable Directors to evaluate the merit of proposed business activities and the likely consequences of its decisions over the short, medium and long term. The Board carefully considers the impact of business decisions on the communities and the environments in which the Company operates. Due consideration is paid to McDonald's stakeholders, including but not limited to our franchisees, employees and investors. In all of its activities the Board and McDonald's require that our employees conduct business with the highest ethical and professional standards by adhering to our Standards of Business Conduct set by McDonald's. The responsibility for good governance lies with the Board. The Board is collectively responsible for the long term success of the franchise rights business and achieves this through its oversight of the franchising business and intellectual property in certain markets outside of the United States and Latin America, generating value for McDonald's Corporation and its stakeholders. • In exercising its duty to promote the success of the Company, the Board is responsible for overseeing the development of intellectual property and the licensing of McDonald's intellectual property to certain markets outside of the United States and Latin America, and, in so doing, may exercise its powers, subject to any relevant laws, regulations and the Company's Articles of Association. The Board bears legal responsibility for the acts carried out on its behalf and enforces standards of accountability - this enables individuals acting on behalf of the Board to execute their responsibilities fully and in the interests of McDonald's and its stakeholders.    Principle Two -Board Composition The Board is currently comprised of executives, based in the United Kingdom, holding positions in the areas of Finance, Legal and Technology. This ensures the Board is equipped with the appropriate balance of skills, experience and knowledge of the Company to enable it to discharge its duties and responsibilities effectively. Input from McDonald's is also provided on Directors' appointments on an ad-hoc basis, A structured training program exists based on the individual's needs, skills and experience for those Directors new to the McDonald's system and senior leadership who are appointed to the Board. Directors also receive comprehensive guidance on the Governance Framework including training and development, as well as their duties as Directors on the Board. Principle Three -Director Responsibilities All matters aside from certain licensee matters (for which authority is delegated to specific individuals under powers of attorney) are reviewed and approved by the Board. These include but are not limited to: • the establishment of effective procedures for monitoring and control of operations including internal procedures for audit, risk and compliance; • reviewing the Company's accounting and financial reporting practices and reviewing the Company's financial and other controls; • significant transactions or other material business decisions including an acquisition, disposal, investment, capital expenditure or realisation or creation of a new venture; • execute activities in line with the current Global Authorisation Matrix set by McDonald's; • company-wide policies on strategy, corporate governance and risk (both financial and non-financial management); • matters that the Board is required by statute to do; and • such other matters as the Board may from time to time determine. In performing its decision making and oversight functions, the Board is entitled to rely on the advice, reports and opinions of management, counsel, auditors and outside experts. Principle Four -Opportunity and risk We seek to maintain our high standards set by McDonald's whilst balancing risks. By carefully aligning our risk appetite to the global strategy, we aim to deliver sustainable long-term shareholder returns for McDonald's, as well as franchisee profitability. An example of this is in the emphasis that has been placed on technology in our restaurants and delivery, for which the associated risks have been and will continue to be assessed against the improved customer's experience and environment for the employees. All of McDonald's activities involve the measurement, evaluation, acceptance and management of risk or combinations of risks. The Board, advised by McDonald's, promotes and supports the maintenance of a strong risk management framework. All Company employees are responsible for the management of risk, proportionate to the relevant employee's role and level of experience; with the ultimate accountability residing with the Board. We have a strong risk management culture, which is embedded through clear and consistent communication and appropriate training for all employees, alongside corresponding risk and compliance management tools. This risk framework underpins our strategic priorities, reinforced by the McDonald's values, helping us to identify current and forward looking risks so that we may take decisions to prevent and limit risk while managing any material impact financially, on our reputation or on our business model. Principle Five -Remuneration No Directors are involved in deciding their own remuneration and Directors are not compensated for their services as Directors which are considered incidental to their employment in other roles within the McDonald's group.    Principle Six -Stakeholder Relationships and Engagement We aim to communicate with our principal stakeholders; investors, licensees and employees, in a way that meets their needs. We focus on open communication and fair disclosure, with emphasis on the integrity, timeliness and relevance of the information provided. Our communications approach, set by McDonald's and the Board, is driven by our guiding principles embedded in the McDonald's values: • Dependable and committed to doing the right thing; • Open to different ideas and cultures; and • Connected to franchisees, regulators and each other. Our success comes from a commitment to relationships. A deep-rooted belief that we are at our very best when the brand, our franchisees and our suppliers work together to deliver for the customers and communities we serve. Employee Engagement We strive to create an environment where our values are not just words but are put into practice, promoting positive and productive behaviour every day. We invest time and resources communicating with our people, designing programs to educate and encourage the highest standards of conduct. This reflects McDonald's vision to run great restaurants, renowned for our food, people and results. Understanding how our people feel about McDonald's is vital. It helps us ensure that we are giving them the right support to achieve their potential and to serve our customers well. This is achieved in a number of ways including regular listening sessions, surveys, and training sessions where feedback opportunities are provided.
