   Statement of corporate governance arrangements The McDonald's Corporate Governance Framework ("Governance Framework"), which is available on the Group's website, summarises our approach to how we operate and make decisions, sets out our objectives and achievements and how we work together with our customers, our employees, franchisees, suppliers and the wider McDonald's stakeholders to fulfil our brand purpose and mission. In the year ended 31 December 2019, the Group adopted the Wates Corporate Governance Principles for Large Private Companies (published by the Financial Reporting Council in December 2018) in response to The Companies (Miscellaneous Reporting) Regulations 2018. The Wates Principles in combination with McDonald's Corporation's Corporate Governance and the Group's Governance Framework, assist in ensuring that the business is well managed, with effective oversight and control. Our Governance Framework will evolve as we as a business respond to the ever changing economic and environmental landscape, and the complex challenges that demand us to come up with innovative solutions and collective action whilst maintaining our focus on our growth and core values. McDonald's Corporation Inc. ("McDonald's Corporation") together with its subsidiaries including-the Group, its franchisees and suppliers, are referred to herein as the "McDonald's System".    Principle 1 - Purpose and leadership Purpose As previously disclosed in 2020, McDonald's Corporation announced a new growth strategy, Accelerating the Arches. This approach encompassed all aspects of McDonald's business as the leading global omni channel restaurant brand, and included a refreshed purpose, updated values and new growth pillars that build on McDonald's Corporation's competitive advantages. Our Purpose: To feed and foster communities Our Mission: Making delicious feel-good moments easy for everyone Core values: Define who we are and how we run our business To achieve its mission to be our customers' favourite place and way to eat, our actions as individuals and as a McDonald's System must reflect our values and must be embedded into our day to day behaviours and ethical decision making. Our values are: • Serve: We put our customers and employees first • Inclusion: We open our doors to everyone • Family: We get better together • Integrity: We do the right thing • Community: We are good neighbours The new growth pillars, rooted in McDonald's Corporation and the Group's identity, build on historic strengths and articulate areas of further opportunity. Under direction and guidance from McDonald's Corporation, the Group will: • Maximize marketing • Commit to the core • Double down on the 3Ds (namely Digital, Delivery and Drive-Thru) McDonald's approach is underpinned by a relentless focus on running great restaurants, including improving speed of service to address customer needs. McDonald's growth pillars build on our strong foundations and this approach will build on our inherent strengths by harnessing our competitive advantages and investing in innovations that will ensure we can meet the moment today and have long term success. Further details are available on the Group's website, regarding the brand purpose, mission, core values and growth pillars. Leadership McDonald's has a matrixed management structure, by which we mean that the McDonald's group is organised by its global businesses and global support functions as well as by a segment and country oversight model, with locally incorporated subsidiaries complemented by branches in certain territories. This structure helps to address international, systematic challenges in a consistent and effective way, but also ensures that each market adapts to the local environment in which they operate. McDonald's believes franchising is paramount to delivering great tasting food, locally relevant customer experiences and driving profitability. Franchising enables an individual to be their own employer and maintain control over all employment related matters, marketing and pricing decisions, while also benefiting from the strength of McDonald's global brand, operating system and financial resources. The Group is comprised of private limited companies incorporated in England and Wales with an ultimate US parent of McDonald's Corporation. In the UK and Ireland 88% of the restaurants are owned and operated by over 170 businessmen and more than 20 businesswomen. The remaining restaurants are owned and run by the Group.    he Board of Directors {the "Board") comprises of the Chief Executive Officer ("CEO") and local Senior Vice Presidents ("SVPs"). The General Counsel ("GC") additionally supports the Board as the Company Secretary. A biography of each of the Board is available on the Group's website. The Group acknowledges that there is no formal separation of Chairman and CEO roles or independent directors, and a relative lack of diversity on the Board. However, the size and composition is appropriate to a focussed, local operating group of a US quoted corporation, and we remain committed to developing a more diverse workforce and leadership team. During 2021: • Christine Dekker (SVP - Legal) resigned from the Company as a director and as Company Secretary; • Jason Clark (SVP - Chief Operations Officer) transitioned to a new role for McDonald's Corporation and resigned as director of the Company; • Michelle Graham Clare (SVP - Chief People Officer) was appointed as a director of the Company; • Paul Pomroy (UK CEO) transitioned to a new role for McDonald's Corporation and resigned as director of the Company; • Alistair Macrow transitioned from a role for McDonald's Corporation to UK CEO for the Company and was appointed as a director of the Company; and • Sarah Cole was appointed as Company Secretary. Director Appointments All local SVPs are appointed as directors on the Board. This ensures the Board is equipped with the appropriate balance of skills, experience and knowledge of the Group to enable it to discharge its duties and responsibilities effectively. Input from McDonald's Corporation is also provided on the Board's appointments on an ad hoc basis. A structured training programme exists based on the individual's needs, skills and experience for those appointed to the Board. Directors also receive guidance from the Company Secretary on the Governance Framework and the Wates Principles including training and development, as well as training on their duties as directors on the Board. Principle 3 - Director Responsibilities The Board Responsibility for good governance lies with the Board. The Board is collectively responsible for the long term success of the UK business and achieves this through its oversight of the business and restaurants, generating value for the Group's stakeholders as well as contributing to our wider communities. In exercising its duty to promote the success of the Group, the Board is responsible for overseeing the management of McDonald's in the UK and, in so doing, may exercise its powers, subject to any relevant laws, regulations and Articles of Association of McDonald's Restaurants Limited. The Board bears legal responsibility for the acts carried out on its behalf and enforces standards of accountability - all with a view to enable senior management to execute their responsibilities fully and in the interests of the Group's stakeholders. The Executive The business of the Group is delegated to the Executive team (the "Executive") by the Board. The Executive is led by the UK CEO and SVPs and is made up of all SVPs and selected senior leadership covering all core areas of responsibility for the UK business. The role of the Executive and SVPs are separate to the positions of the Board, with a division of responsibilities between the running of the Board and Executive responsibility for their core functions within the UK business.    Operation of the Board The Executive also leads on the direction of the business (as determined by the Board from time to time), with the exception of certain reserved matters which require the approval of the Board. In performing its oversight function, the Board is entitled to rely on the advice, reports and opinions of management, counsel, auditors and outside experts. The Board formally met twice in 2021 in the month of March and September and will continue to endeavour to meet twice a year. The Board receive a briefing of items on the agenda, prior to the meeting, so that their comments and input can be taken into account at the meeting and ensures the Board focus sufficient time on key areas whilst using the time together effectively. Stakeholders Please refer to the Section 172 statement in the Strategic Report above. Stakeholders McDonald's Corporation Objectives To provide sustained profitable growth. Engagement As an international operated market, the senior leadership including the Board, Executive and other functions of the Company actively and regularly engage with McDonald's Corooration. Joint Ventures ("JVs") To provide sustained profitable growth. The business relationship between McDonald's and its JV partners is important to the success of the Group and to protecting the McDonald's brand. The JV boards include directors nominated by McDonald's and directors nominated by the franchisee. The JV boards each convene as required and in any event formally at least twice a vear. Franchises To provide sustained profitable growth. The business relationship between McDonald's and its franchisees is paramount to the overall successful performance of the Group and to protecting the McDonald's brand. The Group engages with its franchisees on all decisions that affect the restaurants, ensuring that decisions are appropriately discussed before being implemented and are made for the long-term benefit of the wider McDonald's System. Employees To provide opportunity, nurture talent, develop leaders and reward achievement. The Group's employees include those in our corporate office as well as group owned and operated restaurant employees. Our employees are absolutely key to the Group's success, enabling us to drive long term value creation and further our purpose and mission. Employees are at the cornerstone of our business and an essential part of the McDonald's System - our owner operators, our suppliers, and the Group. Suppliers To work with our suppliers so that we can deliver for the customers and communities we serve. As part of the wider McDonald's System, the Group and its franchisees purchase food, packaging, equipment, and other goods from numerous independent suppliers. Customers To provide high quality food and a superior service in a clean and welcoming environment at great value. Our customers are at the heart of everything that we do. Our business strategy focuses on effective maintenance and strengthening customer appearance and capturing additional market share.    Stakeholders Objectives Engagement Communities and Environment To help our customers build communities, support charitable organisations and leverage our size, scope and resources to help make local communities and the environment a better olace. As part of the wider McDonald's System, the Group prioritises progress across a range of environmental and community matters, and endeavours to improve our long term sustainability and resiliency, which benefits McDonald's and the communities it serves. Principal decisions in 2021 Below we outline the principal decisions made by the Board in 2021. We define principal decisions as those decisions that are of a strategic nature and that are significant to any of our key stakeholder groups as indicated above. The table below explains how the Board have engaged with, or in relation to, the different key stakeholder groups, how stakeholder interests were considered over the course of the decision making process and which brand values have been considered when making these decisions. Stakeholders Principle decisions Impact on business Considerations McDonalds's Values All groups Continued decisions made in response to the COVID-19 pandemic. The COVID-19 pandemic has adversely affected consumer spending, confident levels and supply availability and costs, as well as the local operations in the UK. Favourable for all groups as this will: • respond to and steer the business through the impact of the pandemic; • help protect the health and safety of our employees and our customers; • mitigate cost and waste; • strengthen the relationship with all stakeholders; and • help preserve financial stability for all stakeholders in so far as possible. Serve Family Integrity Community All groups Full integration of McDelivery® and the McDonald's App. Investment leading to revenue growth and profit for the business. Favourable for all groups as this will: • generate additional profit for stakeholders • lead to an increase in availability for customers; • lead to more employee opportunities; and • strengthen the relationship with delivery operators.    Serve Family    takeholders Principle decisions Impact on business Considerations McDonalds's Values All groups Launch of "Plan for Change" initiative. Clear plan with goals and actions to help lead positive change right across the Group from farms to front counter. It outlines the steps being taken now and in the long term, including time-bound commitments across every aspect. Favourable for all groups as this will: • provide clarity for stakeholders; • strengthen the relationship with all stakeholders; • help our customers build better communities; and • leverage our size, scope and resources to help make the world and local communities a better place Serve Family Integrity Community Inclusion All groups Continued decisions relation to environmental initiatives. Implementing its overall strategic environmental plan. Favourable for all groups as this will: • help our customers build better communities; • support charitable organisations; • leverage our size, scope and resources to help make the world and local communities a better place; and • strengthen the relationship with all stakeholders. Serve Family Integrity Community Employees Continued decisions relating to its people, diversity, equity and inclusion ("DEi"). Implementing its overall strategic DEi plan. Favourable for employees as this will: • promote equality; • mitigate the risk of discrimination at work; and • promotes an inclusive working environment for all. Family Integrity Community    Principle 4 - Opportunity and Risk The Group seeks to maintain the high standards set by McDonald's Corporation whilst balancing the risks and is committed to conducting business ethically and in compliance with the letter and spirit of the law. By carefully aligning our risk appetite to the global strategy, we aim to deliver sustainable long term shareholder returns for McDonald's Corporation, as well as franchisee profitability. Risk at segment and geographical level are managed and assessed by McDonald's Corporation, as the ultimate parent of the Group. Many risk factors span across all McDonald's markets including the UK and the key risk factors are discussed within the financial statements of McDonald's Corporation. All of McDonald's activities involve the measurement, evaluation, acceptance and management of risk or combinations of risks. The Board and Executive receive monthly reports from management on updates from all areas of the business including business strategy and insights, operations, corporate relations, IT & digital, franchising and finance, which it takes into account in its discussions and decision making. Additional non-financial disclosures detailing the policies pursued by McDonald's in relation to the workforce, the environment, social matters, human rights, anti-corruption and anti-bribery matters are also received by the Board and the Executive. Our continual and thorough engagement across McDonald's, franchisees and suppliers gives us a unique insight into all aspects of our business as well as the wider market, from a restaurant level all the way to market trends. This ensures we are able to quickly identify risks as well as opportunities for the wider McDonald's System. Diversity, Equity and Inclusion ("DEl'J McDonald's aspiration is that no matter where you are in the world, when you interact with McDonald's - whether through the app, in a restaurant, by watching a commercial, working in an office setting or as a crew member -DEi is as evident and familiar as the Golden Arches themselves. This means the full expression of diversity: the representation and inclusion of different genders, races, cultures, identities, sexual orientations, ages, religions, abilities, languages, experiences and expressions. The aim is to identify and eliminate barriers to fair treatment for underrepresented groups and create equity in the workplace i.e. fair treatment in access, opportunity and advancement for all. We pursue this aspiration by using McDor:iald's influence and harness our scale to accelerate meaningful and overdue societal change for our employees, franchisees, suppliers, customers and communities. In 2019 McDonald's introduced pay principles t(? ensure that good pay practices are understood, consistently implemented and executed across the McDonald's markets. McDonald's aspirational goals announced in 2021 complement these commitments and are designed to fully realise our ambition of increasing representation of historically underrepresented groups by 2025 and reaching gender parity at McDonald's by 2030. Supplier and Employment Practices We conduct our activities in a manner that respects human rights as set out in the United Nations Declaration of Human Rights, and we are committed to ethical recruitment in our employment practices as a component of our overall human rights approach. Our franchise network is comprised of separate legal entities from the Group, but we work hard to ensure that there are no modern slavery or human trafficking issues in their businesses. We provide our franchisees with guidance on recruitment practices and a people review is carried out by either the Group or the franchisees as part of our Operations Performance and Customer Excellence ("PACE") process. The PACE process is a comprehensive assessment of our franchised restaurants to ensure guidance, including on modern slavery practices, is being followed as intended.    McDonald's aspires to protect the brand and live our values. One way we live our value of continuous improvement is to ensure fair and ethical workplace standards in every corner of our supply chain. We care as much about the people who make our products as we do about our customers. The Supplier Code of Conduct ("Code") applies to McDonald's suppliers globally. It sets out our expectations for suppliers on critical topics including human rights, workplace environment, business integrity and environmental management. We expect supplier self-managed excellence in these four areas through the implementation of their own management systems. McDonald's provides a Supplier Workplace Standards and Guidance Document to assist suppliers in meeting the standards. The Code is the cornerstone of the global Supplier Workplace Accountability ("SWA") programme, which aims to help suppliers understand McDonald's expectations, verify compliance with our expectations and work toward continuous improvement. In 2021, McDonald's Corporation announced Global Brand Standards aimed at advancing a culture of safety for McDonald's restaurants across the globe, both group owned and franchised locations, and for McDonald's customers worldwide. All McDonald's restaurants will be assessed and held accountable in accordance with the applicable McDonald's market's business evaluation processes starting in 2022. Please see the Group's website for further details on our approach to DEi, supplier practices, employment practices, and how the Group takes responsibility to respect and promote human rights. Business Planning Plan to Win - The Plan to Win ("PTW") process is the means by which we collate, consolidate and refine the Group's future business plans. There is a three year planning cycle and ideas are generated and developed through Planning Teams (called "P Teams"). These P Teams are cross functional teams made up of subject matter experts from the Group's departments, as well as six franchisee representatives. Supplier Plan to Win - The Supplier Plan to Win framework is a unique tool which aligns the Group's and suppliers' strategies to deliver business benefit for the Group and its stakeholders. Phased Planning - The Group compiles its annual business plan using a phased approach. Phase 1 is a high level 3 year strategic plan and the Phase 2 plan is a strategy for the following year. Both plans are subject to approval by global leadership at fvlcDonald's Corporation. Plan for Change - In 2021, the Group launched its Sustainability Plan called "Plan for Change". Plan for Change is a clear plan with ambitious goal's and actions to help us lead positive change right across our business, from farms to front counter. It outlines the steps we are taking now and in the long term. It includes clear time bound commitments across every aspect of what we do. We have set out goals in each of our focus areas - planet, people, restaurants and food - to help guide our actions. These are underpinned by our ongoing commitment to step up for our communities where we operate. We will measure and share our progress against our goals because we know how important it is for us to deliver and to be clear on how we are doing - as every change we make adds up to a lot. For further details on our Plan for Change, our commitments and our goals please see the Group's website.    COVJD-19 Pandemic Health epidemics or pandemics can adversely affect consumer spending, confidence levels and supply availability and costs, as well as the local operations in impacted markets, all of which can affect financial results, condition and outlook. Importantly, the global pandemic resulting from the COVID-19 pandemic disrupted global health, economic and market conditions, consumer behaviour and McDonald's Corporation's global restaurant operations. We cannot predict the duration or scope of the COVID-19 pandemic, the resurgence of infections in the UK, or the impact of vaccines across the globe however, whilst the COVID-19 pandemic impacted our 2020 financial results, we made a strong recovery in 2021. For further details on the Group's response to COVID-19 pandemic please refer to the Governance Framework which is available on the Group's website. Principle 5 - Remuneration All employees' base and bonus remuneration, including directors and the Executive, is benchmarked regularly against the market to ensure this is consistent with the industry and no directors are involved in deciding their own remuneration. Directors are not compensated for their services as directors. Principle 6 - Stakeholders Employee Engagement Our employees are absolutely key to our success. Whether they work in our restaurants or in head office, we wouldn't be able to run great restaurants without them. That is why we work hard to create jobs and opportunities for all our employees, regardless of gender, age or life stage; those who want career progression or simply a way to earn a wage and pay the bills. We strive to create an environment where our values are not just words but are put into practice, promoting positive and productive behaviour every day. We invest time and resources communicating with our employees, designing programmes to educate and encourage the highest standards of conduct. This reflects our vision to run great restaurants, renowned for our food, employees and results. Understanding how our employees feel about McDonald's is vital. It helps us ensure that we are giving them the right support to achieve treir potential and to serve our customers well. These procedures ensure that the Board and Executive engage regularly with both our office staff and our restaurant crew on a host of areas, including programmes relating to pay and benefits and are updated regularly on how everyone feels about working at McDonald's. We set out some of the forums from 2021 of how the Board and Executive have engaged with employees and the objective of such engagement.    Employee Engagement Methods Objective Results in 2021 Love to Listen Surveys were adapted throughout Restaurant Results - 219,800 2021 to understand the sentiment participants across the survey of our employees during a period of waves. changing COVID restrictions in the • 78% really happy or happy with first half of 2021 in particular. It has their jobs; and remained imperative to provide our • 79% strongly agreed or agreed employees a platform that is that their health and wellbeing "always on" to give feedback and was a priority for their this has been used to inform business decisions throughout the management teams. year, particularly related to Office and Operations Hierarchy -restaurant and office reopening. 368 responses • 81 % really happy or happy with their job; and • 87% of responses strongly agreed or agreed that "My manager genuinely cares about my health and wellbeinq". Love to Listen OurLounge Poll Provides all employees the On average, there were over opportunity to give regular feedback 16,275 participants. on how they're feeling. During On average, 66% of employees COVID, we focused on restaurant agreed or strongly agreed with the safetv and environment. auestions oosed. Newsbites Designed to keep our restaurant 53,000 subscribers. employees and office employees 50 issues; connected and engaged during the 353 of our employees pandemic by sharing good news featured. stories from across the business 276 restaurants featured. and to recognise individuals who go above and beyond both at work and within their larqer community. stories    mployee Engagement Methods Objective Results in 2021 UK Intranet The Company's intranet is a point of reference for everyone in the business, providing weekly office and operations updates, and another opportunity for our employees to share their opinions and to recognise our crew and teams. Average of 455,000 hits per month. 160 Operations Updates issued -this is a 'to do list' for the week, focusing on operations excellence in order of priority, providing timely information to help restaurants focus on quality service and cleanliness. 9 monthly Heads Up issues - this is normally a monthly communication providing a 'Heads Up' on projects and business priorities for our operations teams. 51 Office Updates issued - this is a weekly email newsletter providing relevant office and business information events. Regular emails from the CEO and other Executives were circulated to the Group's employees, franchisees and JV partners, recapping significant updates as source of engagement and keeping all abreast of the business developments in accordance with strateav decisions. Town Halls The key overarching topics covered during town halls for 2021 continued to be the COVID-19 pandemic, the return to a new 'business as usual', employee wellbeing and mental health, and diversitv and inclusion. 10 Town Halls were held - this was an opportunity for our entire global business to come together to hear more information on some of the key issues impacting our business across the globe. Cultur~ days and events Like many organisations, our office teams had been working from home during the pandemic since March 2020. We were keen to create opportunities for people to reconnect when the opportunity to be together arises. Held our first office heads together day since 2019 - including a series of activities and workshops promoting inclusion, with the overarching aim of welcoming our employees back to the office and reassuring them of returning to the workplace following the COVID-19 pandemic. Held a range of events to encourage inclusivity in our workplaces, for both our restaurants and offices.    Franchisee and JV Engagement While McDonald's is a global brand, our franchise model means we are also a collection of small businesses, focusing on what is important to each local community. Of our UK and Ireland restaurants, 88% are run by franchisees, and we hope to see that number grow in the future. Our franchisees are the owners of their businesses, many of whom live and work in the areas where their restaurants are located. They are our eyes and ears in the localities in which they operate, and share with us insights provided by their employees, their customers and the communities they serve. We engage with our franchisees and JV partners on all decisions that affect restaurants, ensuring that decisions are appropriately debated before being implemented and are made for the long-term benefit of the wider system. Franchisee and JV Engagement Methods Executive National Leadership Group Meetings ("Exec NLG") Objectives The Executive and Exec NLG together host meetings throughout the year to discuss the strategic direction of the business. Results in 2021 17 meetings held to discuss the longer-term strategic direction of the business and discuss the unprecedented challenges the business faced. Franchisee Sessions and JV Engagement All franchisees and JV partners are invited to sessions held across the UK. These sessions are a critical step in the planning process enabling franchisees and JV partners to generate ideas and influence the creation of McDonald's business olans. One virtual engagement session was held. 149 of our franchisees and JV's attended these sessions. Franchisee Live Calls The gravity of the COVID-19 15 Franchisee Live Calls were held, pandemic on the business has covering: meant that many changes were • PTW; required to both our 2021 business • Business impact of the COVID-plan and to day-to-day operations. 19 pandemic To ensure all franchisees and JV's • Live Call Cascades; and were fully engaged in th e updates • New initiatives and promotional and changes the Executive launches. introduced regular Franchisee Live Calls. The calls also provided franchisees and JV's the opportunity to ask questions and provide feedback. Roadshows The Exec NLG meetings are 3 virtual roadshows held. The complemented by the PTW events were well received and the process. Through this process we feedback and questions focused on continually generate, evaluation the following areas: and refined our business strategy • emerging from the COVID-19 and develop our plan for the pandemic; upcoming year. • financial outlook and support; • imaging solutions and partnering; and • solutions for the operational challenQes    Franchisee and JV Engagement Methods Objectives Results in 2021 PTW The Exec NLG meetings are complemented by the PTW process. Through this process we continually generate, evaluation and refine our business strategy and develop our plan for the upcominQ year. 3 virtual PTW's held Finance Committee The franchisees on the Finance Committee engage with the Group to represent the view of the franchisee community and communicate and consult appropriately with the Group on any UK business olans. The Finance Committee met 12 times during the year due to the unprecedented nature of the challenges faced by the business. Franchisee News Franchisee News is a publication, whose content is focused on providing timely updates relevant to the franchisee community. It is issued to all franchisees, JV partners and our head office employees. 47 "Fran News" emails Franchising community. to our Regular Email Communications Effective communication to the Group's employees, franchisees and JV partners on business updates and leadership engagement continued to be a priority for the Group. Regular emails from the CEO and other Executives were implemented, recapping significant updates as source of engagement and keeping all abreast of business developments in accordance with strateav decisions.    Supplier Engagement As well as our franchisees, McDonald's relies on its suppliers for success. From the farmers who provide quality produce for our menu, to the businesses who are helping us create more sustainable packaging and the technology providers helping transform the customer experience, we have an extensive supply chain across the UK. In the UK and Ireland we are proud supporters of British and Irish agriculture, working with over 23,000 British and Irish farmers who supply quality produce for our menu, as well as businesses who help us create more sustainable packaging. We have an extensive supply chain across the UK and Ireland and we believe that the brand, franchisees and suppliers, all contribute to our success - our 'three legged stool' approach. We have long term partnerships with many of our suppliers, some extending over 40 years. Such long term partnerships encourage collaboration and enable suppliers to make decisions for the long term, giving them the confidence to invest in their businesses. In order to meet our continued volume growth, suppliers need to invest in future capacity, which involves significant capital investment in equipment and infrastructure. Long term commitment to supply McDonald's in the UK and Ireland has enabled our suppliers to grow with us and drive positive change within their own businesses. In addition, McDonald's Corporation and the Group work closely with suppliers to encourage innovation and drive continuous improvement. Our Supply Chain and Sustainability function has a broad remit, from ensuring products and ingredients meet our high food safety, quality and traceability expectations from farm to front counter, to the transportation of goods from supplier to restaurant, procurement of all food and paper, as well as responsibility for our nutrition, sustainability, agriculture, packaging and waste strategies across our supply base.    Suoolier Engagement Methods Objective Results in 2021 Supply Chain Conference The topic of the conference was "Leading the Change" and focused on priorities coming out of the COVID-19 pandemic and future business strategy, as well as future collaboration and strategic direction for workina better toaether. One virtual Conference held. Approximately attended. Supply 100 Chain suppliers Food Safety & Quality Forum ("FSQF") FSQF is a forum where quality representatives from the main suppliers meet to share best practice, design policies to be incorporated into our quality systems manual, and align on the COVID-19 pandemic impacts. 12 members sit on this forum. 7 virtual meetings held. Supplier Plan to Win Forum for all suppliers to join on an optional basis in order to provide visibility on the expectations from supply chain as well as providing an update on existing priorities. All food and paper suppliers were engaged through Plan to Win, with 14 virtual supplier meetings between our Tier 1 suppliers and supply chain team to refine and siQn off plans. Supplier Live Calls Supplier Roundtables Forum for all suppliers to join on an optional basis in order to provide visibility on the expectations from supply chain as well as providing an update on existing priorities. Roundtable aimed to re-establish our supplier relationship at a senior level and to offer the leadership view on priorities coming out of the COVID-19 pandemic and future business strateQy. Led by the McDonald's supply chain function and has on average 150-200 attendees. Topics included: • McDonald's trading updates as it emerges from the COVID-19 pandemic; • business strategy updates; • supply chain strategy updates; and • DEi strategic update . One virtual Supply Chain Conference held. Approximately 100 suppliers attended.    Sustainability and Community Engagement McDonald's prioritises progress across a range of environmental matters to improve our long-term sustainability and business resiliency, which benefits McDonald's and the communities it serves. To guide our management of sustainability matters, McDonald's has developed goals and performance indicators that are updated periodically on McDonald's Corporation and the Group's websites, informed by relevant frameworks. These include goals and initiatives to reduce system greenhouse gas emissions, eliminate deforestation from our global supply chain, responsibly source ingredients and packaging and increase the availability of recycling in restaurants to reduce waste. With 1,350 locations in the UK and Ireland, we are uniquely positioned to give something back to the many communities we serve. Because the majority of our restaurants are run by independent franchisees, the Group has deep roots in communities and knows how best to be there for them, whether that's providing a delicious meal, volunteering in the neighbourhood or helping during a time of need. The Group believes that good food and precious resources should never go to waste and we want to use our scale with support from suppliers, employees and franchisees to help feed and support families in need in local communities across the UK. As mentioned, in October 2021, the Group launched its Sustainability and Brand Trust Strategy "Plan for Change" framework. Our Plan for Change is a clear plan with goals and actions to help us lead positive change right across our business. It outlines our ambition to lead change across four areas and includes a commitment to achieving net zero emissions across our entire business by 2040. In 2021 we have progressed several initiatives that align with McDonald's Corporation's purpose and impact strategy and our Plan for Change and include the below. Plan for ChanQe Goal Planet Positive Initiative "Change a Little, Change a Lot®" UK Soy Manifesto Farm Forward Results in 2021 Launched a new brand platform, "Change a Little, Change a Lot" to amplify the Plan for Change. Change a Little, Change a Lot is recognition that because our scale, the positive changes we make, no matter the size, can have a huge imoact. Became a founding signatory to the UK Soy Manifesto. The UK Soy Manifesto is a collective industry commitment signalling a new approach to soy, enabling UK companies across the supply chain to step up and develop inclusive solutions. Launched our most recent project with FAI Farms, to define the benefits of applying regenerative principles to beef farming using adaptive multi-paddock grazing beef cattle. Updated our Farm Forward programme to include a new Sustainable Beef Network for beef farmers to share knowledge and learn from industry experts.    Great Food School of Sustainable Farming ("SSFF") Food and Announced a unique partnership with Morrisons, National Farmers Union and Harper Adam's University to launch the first SSFF in the UK. The SSFF aims to educate, inspire and empower current and future farmers to achieve net zero within a sustainable farming and food system. Great Restaurants Our first restaurant net zero standard Happy Meal® toys are now hard plastic-free Opened our first UK industry net zero emissions standard restaurant* in Market Drayton, Shropshire. The learnings here will serve as a blueprint for our future new build restaurants and help us deliver on our goal of all our restaurants being net zero in use by 2030. From 2021, every Happy Meal in the UK and Ireland now includes either a soft toy, paper-based toy or book, as we continue to reduce our environmental impact across the business. This commitment removed over 3,000 tonnes of plastic from the business in 2021. We're also collecting old Happy Meal toys and recycling them into playgrounds. We have committed to donating a playground to every Ronald McDonald House. People Positive Recruitment processes, continue to support diversity which Restaurant programme to Corporate Bridge Now require diverse shortlists for mid to senior-level hires, partnering with specialist agencies for executive search. All job descriptions are gender neutral. We include our DEi statement within all job adverts and encourage discussions from prospective hires on alternative working to ensure we are reaching as wide a pool of talent as possible. Provides members of our restaurant crew with the opportunity to experience lift in one of our corporate teams. We have set a target that aims for us to recruit 40% of the programme from under-represented groups, including women.    Plan for Change Goal Initiative Results in 2021 Empowering programme the Female Leader Workshops and learning modules Women's ("WLN") Leadership Network Women in Hospitality, Tourism and Leisure ("WiHTL") Features regular face-to-face sessions with trainers and speakers from both inside and outside the business, covering diverse topics from building a personal brand, to overcoming imposter syndrome. The aim of the programme is to foster development, build confidence, and inspire and equip participants to succeed in their career aims. Rolled out several workshops and learning modules to support creating a more diverse and inclusive workplace. These included: Safe, Respectful and Inclusive workplace e-learning; Speak Up Relaunched in 2021, the network looks to build a network for female talent within the Company, providing tools, resources, and events to inspire and support everyone's personal and professional develooment. Continued to work closely with WiHTL over the past year to support their mission of creating diverse and inclusive environments that positively impact five million emolovees aloballv bv 2025. Serving Our Communities Ronald McDonald House Charities (UK) ("RMHC") is an independent charity founded in 1989 and in this time has supported nearly 50,000 families. 12 Ronald McDonald houses across the UK are partnered with NHS hospitals which provide free 'home away from home' accommodation for families so they can be moments away from their child in hospital, for as long as they need it. BBC Children in Need The Group donated just over £7.6 million in 2021 to RMHC, which includes customer donations, bag tax contributions from Scotland and Wales, restaurant, tea & franchisee fundraising, and a £250,000 donation from McDonald's to support RMHC's Bedside Appeal keeping families close together at Christmas. As well as donating part of their profits, the Group and its franchisees also hold annual fundraising days, provide free office space, business resources and advertising. Launched our new partnership with BBC Children in Need, the charity that funds around 2,500 projects across the UK, which directly support children and young people in communities.    lan for Change Goal Initiative Results in 2021 Fun football programme FareShare, Community Shop and FoodCloud Since 2002, the Group has dedicated itself to the bettering and improvement of the grassroots game. The Group provides free sessions of football delivered by our team of fully qualified coaches in locations across the UK and Ireland. As we emerge from the pandemic, we will continue to support those in greatest need in our communities, funding the redistribution of food through partnerships with FareShare, Community Shop and FoodCloud. This ensures we get vital supplies to those in need from our distribution centres while ensuring precious resources don't qo to waste. *Our Market Drayton restaurant will apply the UKGBC Net Zero Carbon Buildings Framework definition of 'net zero carbon - construction (modules A 1 - A5)' and 'net zero carbon - operational energy (module B6)'. For further details on the Group's approach to governance please see the Governance Framework which is available on the Group's website. Note that some figures and values disclosed in the above Corporate Governance statement cover both the UK and Irish market for McDonald's. Customer Engagement Our customers are at the heart of everything we do. We acknowledge the importance of keeping our customers engaged with our business and we do this in many ways. Customer Engagement Methods Our website Objective To provide clear and concise information to our customers, we regularly keep our website updated with the latest news including offers, letters from our UK CEO and menu changes. Our website also contains sections that highlight the Group's work with local communities, our efforts to become more sustainable as well as an 'About' section on our food showing where our ingredients are sourced from. Results in 2021 I We had over 37.2 million unique visitors to our website. \    Customer Engagement Methods Objective Results in 2021 The McDonald's App Similar to our website, the Over 8 million people downloaded McDonald's App provides our the McDonald's App - a 40% customers with the latest increase on 2020. information on menu changes and offers, as well as the work that we do within the community. The McDonald's App also sends push notifications to customers who wish to receive these on their mobile phones letting them know of deals in their local area. The press and our newsroom The McDonald's UK Newsroom is We sent out updated regularly to ensure that releases in 2021. both the media and the general public are aware of the latest announcements made by the business. The press office is also the best way for media to get in touch for interview and comment requests, or to ask for more information about a story they are lookinq to write. over 250 press Social Media We deliver targeted, relevant social • On Facebook we had 2,339,058 content and positive interactions likes that reflect the role that we play in • On Twitter we had 241,000 our customers' lives to drive followers positive sentiment, engagement • On lnstagram we had 241,700, and affinity. Our aim is to make followers sure that every interaction, from • On YouTube we had 43,200 content to customer service, leaves subscribers people a little happier than they were before. Customer Quest Customer Quest is a customer closeness programme that feeds into our planning team leaders. These include the Exec NLG, four new franchisees and the Executive, each of whom have the opportunity to talk with, listen to and see research from customers and our employees to help shape considerations for our planning. Keeping abreast of how customers are feeling and how their lives are evolving is central to the Customer Quest obiective. 2 dedicated Customer Quest , ,
