   Wates corporate governance principles for large companies The Companies (Miscellaneous Reporting) Regulations 2018 require certain large companies to include a statement as to which corporate governance code has been applied and how during the financial year. McLagan Investments Limited (the "Company'') qualifies for this disclosure and has chosen to adopt the Wates Corporate Governance Principles for Large Private Companies (published by the Financial Reporting Council (FRC) in December 2018 and available on the FRC website), which incorporates 6 key principles: Purpose & Leadership, Board Composition, Director Responsibilities, Opportunity & Risk, Remuneration and Stakeholder Relationships & Engagement. The Company is part of the wider ASDA Group of companies. The Company's immediate parent company, ASDA Group Limited, and intermediate parent company, Bellis Topco 2, play an important role in the overall governance of the Group, which includes this Company. This role is described in more detail in ASDA Stores Limited's corporate governance statement (the "ASL Wates Statement") in the Directors' Report in the financial statements of ASDA Stores Limited which are available at ASDA House, Southbank, Great Wilson Street, Leeds LSI I SAD. ASDA Group Limited has established an executive committee (the "Executive Committee"), which consists of Mohsin Issa, the Chief Financial Officer ("CFO"), the Chief People and Corporate Affairs Officer, the Senior Vice President ("SVP") - Retail Operations, the SVP - Chief Commercial Officer Food, the Managing Director - George; the SVP - E-Commerce, Chief Transformation Officer, the Chief Customer Officer and the General Counsel and Company Secretary. The Executive Committee meets both monthly and weekly to discuss and make operational decisions relating to the Company which are in tum implemented by the directors of the Company (the "Board"). The Executive Corpmittee, with the support of ASDA Real Estate & Investment Committee ("AREIC") plays an important role in the governance of the operations of the Company, including consideration and approval of key commercial decisions which materially impact the Company and its operations. Please see the ASL Wates Statement for further detail on the Executive Committee. The ASDA Real Estate & Investment Committee ("AREIC") is constituted as a committee of the board of Directors of ASDA Group Limited and operates under clearly documented terms of reference defining its scope of authority, which includes oversight of the Group's capital investment programme and real estate matters. AREIC is therefore relevant to the principal activities of the Company and plays a role in the decision-making process of the Company. Certain nominated Directors are members of AREIC and AREIC is also attended by senior employees of the Group, from a range of business units that support the operations of the Company including property, commercial, strategy, finance and legal. Similarly, it is relevant to highlight the role of the board of Bellis Topco 2 Limited ("Bellis Topco 2" or "Bellis") which is also not required by the regulations to report on which corporate governance code it has applied. Bellis Topco 2 is a wholly owned subsidiary of the Company's ultimate parent company, Bellis Topco Limited. The board of Bellis Topco 2 comprises key representatives of the investors, specifically TOR Capital LLP, Mohsin and Zuber Issa and Walmart Inc. The directors of Bellis meet regularly and have oversight of the operation of the Company and the ASDA group of companies (the "Group"). In addition, certain Company and Group decisions require approval by the board of directors of Bellis.    Purpose and Leadership The Company's purpose is to hold investment properties and rent these properties, predominantly to fellow Group companies but also to a limited number of third-party tenants. Please see the ASL Wates Statement for visibility of the purpose of the wider Group. The Company does not have any employees and has limited third party stakeholders. The Company adopts the same beliefs, values and culture as the wider Group and is subject to the same policies and procedures. Please see the ASL Wates Statement for further detail. Board Composition Chair Meetings of the Executive Committee and the Company are chaired by Mohsin Issa, who is responsible for the board's overall effectiveness, promoting open debate and facilitating constructive discussion. Balance, Diversity, Size & Stntcture Both the Executive Committee and AREIC make key decisions relevant to the Company. These decisions are carefully considered and if deemed appropriate, implemented by the Company. The composition of the Company board is considered appropriate to the size and scale of the Company's activities. The Directors have the appropriate balance of background, skills, experience and knowledge to make and execute Company decisions, working closely with the Executive Committee and AREIC. For further detail on the diversity of backgrounds, experience and skill of the Executive Committee, given the important role it plays in the governance of the Company, please see the ASL Wates Statement. AREIC includes members of the Executive Committee and other senior colleagues involved in supporting the operations and governance of the Company and the wider Group real estate portfolio. The Group observes a Diversity and Inclusion policy. The Executive Committee and the Directors of the Company continuously strive to increase diversity at all levels of the Group. Effectiveness The Directors have a formal appraisal process twice annually which consider performance and reward. Furthermore, there are periodic evaluations of the constitution and effectiveness of the Board and the Executive Committee and additional appointments are made where necessary to deliver the appropriate diversity and expertise. The Group is committed to on-going professional development of its employees, which includes the Executive Committee members. This is delivered through a variety of means such as mentoring programmes, officer development days and various training courses, which ensure that employees of the Group (including members of the Executive Committee), have the most up to date knowledge and skills to ensure they are effective in their roles.    Director Responsibilities Accountability The members of the Executive Committee receive a detailed on-boarding pack upon appointment detailing their accountabilities and obligations. Individual responsibilities are clearly defined by the HR team and any changes to an Executive Committee or AREIC member's areas of responsibility and/or reporting lines are briefed to the whole business via colleague email communications. The business as a whole therefore has a clear understanding of each Executive Committee or AREIC member's responsibilities and remit Where individuals are directors of separate legal entities within the Group, they are aware of their responsibilities regarding each of these legal entities. Furthermore, the Executive Committee and AREIC observe detailed corporate governance procedures and policies. This sets out clear guidelines as to which internal stakeholders within the Company and ownership structure need to be informed, consulted with or be the approver of, certain matters, which ensure that there are appropriate checks and balances before making decisions. The corporate governance framework also allowed the ultimate parent companies during the year to provide independent challenge to the Board, Executive Committee and AREIC during its review and consideration of any matter that required approval of the Bellis Topco 2 board. Committees The Company and the Directors have not established any committees. Integrity of Information In relation to financial reporting, the Board, Executive Committee and AREIC have established formal and robust internal processes which ensure that the systems and controls in place are operating effectively. This ensures the quality and integrity of informatiqn provided to the Board, Executive Committee and AREIC is reliable, which allows for better and more informed decision making. The Board and Executive Committee are responsible for identifying and managing risks, and has an established control framework in place, referred to as the Internal Control over Financial Reporting (ICFR) framework. This framework is based on Committee of Sponsoring Organisations (COSO) principles, a globally recognised controls framework, covering 5 key areas: • Control Environment - tone is set from the top, ensuring ethical behavior and enforces accountability • Risk Assessment - identifies risks and analyses changes • Control Activities - selects and develops control activities including IT controls and deploys through policies and procedures • Communication and Information - uses relevant and accurate information which is communicated internally and externally • Monitoring - conducts ongoing and specific evaluations, and communicates deficiencies A formal review of all material financial processes is carried out by the Internal Controls team to ensure that controls in those process have been designed effectively. Key controls within this framework, including IT controls, are tested annually. Any deficiencies in design or operation of controls are reported to the Compliance, Ethics, Risk & Audit Committee ("CERA'') who monitor that appropriate and timely resolution actions are taken. In the ICFR framework, the Company operates a robust 3 lines of defence model. Control owners perform the controls, these controls are monitored by the Internal Controls team as the second line, and independent assurance is provided by the Internal Audit function, acting as the third line of defence.    Opportunityand Risk Risk The Group has a risk management programme which facilitates identification, mitigation and ongoing monitoring of significant risks. The policies that facilitate delivery of the risk management programme are developed and overseen by the CERA committee. Please see ASDA Group Liniited's Strategic Report for full details of the risks identified and assessed. Opportunity The Strategy Delivery Forum, a cross functional team made up of senior leadership of the Group, meets monthly to assess progress against key strategic initiatives and opportunities. This allows the Group to create and preserve value in the long-term and engage other stakeholders where opportunities are identified. The Strategy Delivery Forum also reports to the Executive Committee on the key value opportunities, which facilitates further visibility and review. Remuneration The Directors did not receive any remuneration for their qualifying services as statutory Directors of the Company during the year. The Directors provided qualifying services to other Group companies and their remuneration is paid by ASDA Stores Limited and disclosed in the financial statements of ASDA Stores Limited. StakeholderRelationshipsand Engagement The Company's key stakeholders are its investors, its customers including both intercompany and third-party tenants and its suppliers, being third party lessors. For more information regarding how the Company considers its key stakeholders in the decision-making process, please refer to the detail set out in the Section 172 Statement within the Strategic Report. Engagementwith UK employees,and regard for suppliers, customersand others The statements required by Part 4, paragraphs l l(l)(b) and 11B(l) (Engagement with UK employees, and regard for suppliers, customers and others) of Schedule 7 to the Large and Medium-sized Companies and Groups (Accounts and Reports) Regulations 2008 are also included within the Strategic Report. Events since the Balance Sheet date For details of events since the Balance Sheet date see note 19.
