   Corporate Governance The Directors continue to believe that effective corporate governance is the foundation of a well-run company and is committed to maintaining the highest standards of governance throughout the Company. The Directors recognise that a strong governance framework is fundamental to the execution of strategic objectives, underpinned by a clear purpose and well understood culture and values. This section sets out the Company's approach to corporate governance as required by The Companies (Miscellaneous Reporting) Regulations 2018. As a subsidiary within the Merlin Entertainments Group of Companies, of which Motion JVco Limited is the ultimate parent, the Company adheres to the Group's governance ethos and practices. Motion JVco Limited applies the Wates Corporate Governance Principles for Large Private Companies and further information is available on the Merlin Entertainments Group website at https://www.merlinentertainments.biz/responsible-business/corporate-governance/ The Group strategy is set by Motion JVco Limited, which is to create a high growth, high return family entertainment company, based on strong brands and a global portfolio which is naturally balanced against the impact of external factors. As a subsidiary of the Group, the Company is responsible for the implementation of the local elements of the Group strategy, as necessary and where appropriate. The Directors and the wider Merlin leadership oversee the Company's alignment with the Group's purpose, goals, strategies, ethics and compliance with the Group's corporate governance framework and associated policies. The Company operates in accordance with its Memorandum and Articles of Association. Owing to the extensive governance protocols already in place, the Wates Principles for Large Private Companies has not been formally adopted by the Company but is applied as useful principles of good governance by which to measure its own existing corporate governance practices, as necessary and where appropriate. The Directors oversee the development and promotion of the purpose of the Company, being to deliver memorable experiences to millions of visitors. They ensure that its values, strategy and culture align with that purpose. The Directors oversee the promotion of the long term sustainable success of the Company by identifying opportunities to create and preserve value and overseeing the identification and mitigation of risks. The Directors oversee the review and challenge of the Company's strategy, performance, responsibility, and accountability so that every decision made is of the highest quality, and in line with the Group's culture, as set out in 'The Merlin Way' values which are embedded throughout the business. The composition of the Board of Directors includes a balance of skills, backgrounds, experience and knowledge, with individual directors having enough capacity to make a valuable contribution. The size of the Board is guided by the scale and complexity of the company. The Directors have a clear understanding of their accountability and responsibilities. The Board's policies and procedures support effective decision-making and independent challenge. The Directors foster effective stakeholder relationships aligned to the Company's purpose. The Directors are responsible for overseeing meaningful engagement with stakeholders, including employees, and having regard to their views when taking decisions.
