   STATEMENT OF GOVERNANCE ARRANGEMENTS FOR DIRECTORS' REPORT The Company is indirectly wholly owned and controlled by CDL, through various CDL subsidiary companies. CDL, which is listed on the Singapore Exchange, is, in turn, considered to be controlled by Hong Leong Investment Holdings Pte. Ltd. Similar to last year, the Board once again has decided to report on its governance in accordance with Wates Corporate Governance Principles for Large Private Companies (December 2018 edition). Purpose and Leadership The strategy and business model for the Company are outlined in the Strategic Report on page 10. Our vision is to be the leading global hospitality real estate ownership group for gateway cities, with effective, in-built and unique asset management skills. Our commitment is to hospitality and creating memorable experiences in distinctive environments. We strive to recognise not only the faces of our guests, but also their individual needs and desires. To do this, we will need to deliver outstanding service, quality, originality and value to our customers by employing and developing the best people and by having a challenging and forward thinking business culture. Fundamentally, we treat our guests, employees and other stakeholders with respect and integrity. As part of the Group's integration with CDL following the delisting of the Company in October 2019, the Board decided to adopt CDL's values, set out below, as they are consistent with the ethos of the organization and the adoption of them within the Company will help to ensure alignment of values across the wider CDL group. Innovation - Because this is crucial to our success Collaboration - Because this is the best way to achieve exponential results Integrity - Because this is at the core of everything that we do In 2022, the Board intends to review the ways in which the purpose and values are embedded throughout the organisation. As part of this review, the Board will continue to examine the culture of the Company and will seek to reinforce a culture of accountability where employees take into account the views of, and are responsible to, the Company's stakeholders, including our guests and customer, other employees, suppliers, the communities in which we operate. Whilst the Company engages with its employees and other stakeholders, as outlined further in this Directors' Report and elsewhere, the Board also will look for ways to improve its stakeholder engagement going forward. This may involve the implementation of a global intranet, for instance, and more frequent communications from the management team. The Group has elected to participate in CDL's group-wide whistleblowing program. This allows employees to raise serious matters of concern-via email or a dedicated whistleblowing hotline-through an independent channel, being CDL's Internal Audit function. This program is, in turn, overseen by the Audit & Risk Committee of CDL. In addition, the Group's Slavery and Human Trafficking statement, which is updated annually, includes a method for suppliers to raise matters of concern for investigation by the Company (via email to supplychain@millenniumhotels.co.uk). Board Composition As of 31 December 2021, the Board comprised of four directors (consisting of two executive directors and two non-executive directors). This includes Mr Kwek Leng Beng, who has served as the Chairman of the Company since it initially listed in 1996 and as an executive director from 2020. Mr Kwek Eik Sheng, served as an executive director, Mr Jonathon Grech, served as a non-executive director and Mr Jonathan David Ashcroft, joined the Board on 30 June 2021 and served as a non-executive director. During the course of the year, Ms Tanya Chiaranussati resigned as a director effective as of 30 June 2021. The Board believes there is a depth of diversity in its current composition with regard to varied backgrounds, experience and knowledge which is aimed at providing stability and allows the Company to take a long-term view as it seeks to grow its business and pursue investment opportunities. Board gender diversity remains a focus of the Board's attention, particularly following Ms Chiaranussati departure in June 2021 and the Company is committed to further progress in this regard. The Directors believe that the current composition of the Board is    appropriate for now however they will continue to give full consideration as to whether any further appointments or changes to the composition of the Board, including the addition of any independent directors, would help to enhance the diversity and complement the Board's existing skills and experience. The Board is responsible for ensuring that the Group is appropriately managed and achieves the strategic objectives set by it, supported by the right culture, values and behaviours throughout the Group. The directors have the full power to manage the business of the Company. The Board held two formal meetings in 2021 and a number of informal meetings followed by written resolutions. It is anticipated that the Board will meet at least twice a year, at a minimum, one meeting to approve the annual financial statements of the Group and one to approve the annual budget and strategy plan for the ensuing financial year, with other meetings to be called on an ad-hoc basis as required. The day-to-day operation of the Group has been delegated to an Executive Committee which includes the Company's executive directors and such other senior executives of the Company that the Board may appoint. The regional and functional heads report to the Executive Committee members. The Executive Committee members, together with other members of the senior management team, provide regular reports to the Board as well as updates on other significant matters from time to time, including material transactions, significant litigation, proposals to enter into new business lines or markets, strategic alliances and so forth. A set of reserved matters, approved by the Board, governs what matters require approval by the Board versus those that are delegated to the Executive Committee. The Executive Committee operates pursuant to formal terms of reference. Director Responsibilities All directors have access to the advice and services of the Company Secretary, who is responsible for ensuring that Board procedures are followed and that compliance with applicable corporate governance rules and regulations is observed. Directors may take independent professional advice in furtherance of their duties, if deemed necessary, at the Company's expense. The Chairman, in liaison with the Company Secretary, is responsible for keeping the Board briefed on relevant regulatory changes and external training. All directors have access to a Board compendium detailing matters relating to Board procedures and their duties as directors. On joining the Board, each new director undertakes an induction programme covering subject areas relevant to the requirements of their role, which is tailored to his or her needs and experience. The Directors are required to avoid a situation in which they have, or could have, a direct or indirect conflict with the interests of the Company. The Board has established a procedure whereby the directors are required to notify the Company Secretary of all potential new outside interests and actual or perceived conflicts of interest that may affect them in their roles as directors of the Company. All potential conflicts of interest are authorised by the Board and the register of Directors' interests, together with the Directors' Conflicts of Interest Policy, is reviewed by the Board on an annual basis. The policy was reviewed in April 2021 with no changes recommended. The Board concluded that the policy continued to operate effectively As the Company has integrated within the wider CDL group, the Board has sought to ensure that the Group maintains a level of operational independence Opportunity and Risk When assessing a potential business opportunity, in addition to assessing whether it is aligned with the strategic priorities of the Group and its impact on the Group's stakeholders, the Board members and executive management    team also consider the risks associated with the opportunity and whether it is likely to create and preserve value over the long term. The directors understand that whilst the Group must remain nimble and entrepreneurial to tackle the challenges facing the Company and industry more generally, the directors also are keenly aware that the Group must operate in a sustainable manner in order to be successful. The areas over which the members of the Executive Committee have responsibility have been clearly defined. As at the end of 2021, Kwek Eik Sheng, who is an Executive Director and also serves as Group Chief Strategy Officer for CDL, is tasked with overseeing global marketing efforts, regional operations and the Group's asset management function. John Chang, the Group Chief Financial Officer, on the other hand, is responsible for managing the global information technology, capital projects and the technical services functions, in addition to his leadership of the finance department. In terms of oversight, each year management prepares an annual strategic plan and budget for the Group for the ensuing year. These are submitted first to the Executive Committee, for its review and approval, and then to the Board for its consideration. Subsequently, the Executive Committee and Board review management's progress in executing against the strategic plan and budget. This process includes a periodic assessment of the Group's performance and how it tracks against the plan and budget. Additionally, a delegation of authority policy applies to the regional and functional heads and their reporting lines. This policy includes different layers of approval for transactions and capital investments, such as the purchase or sale of a hotel or a major refurbishment project, for instance, and other matters. In the case of capital investments, the most material ones, involving an expenditure of S$10m or more, must be escalated to the Executive Committee of the Company. Above this level, approval is required to be obtained at the shareholder level. As noted above, decisions are not made in a vacuum. The Board is working on developing "risk appetite" parameters to help guide its decision making and the decision making of the Executive Committee. A Management Risk Committee, chaired by the Group Chief Financial Officer, sits below the Executive Committee and helps to ensure that the Group has appropriate internal control and risk management systems in place to allow the management team, and ultimately the Board, to monitor and assess the Group's principal risks and uncertainties on a continual basis, to be informed about emerging risks, as and when appropriate, and to develop and institute proportionate measures and controls to mitigate these risks to acceptable levels. A Group Enterprise Risk Management & Compliance Manager supports the enterprise risk management and global compliance programme of the Group and the Group's Internal Audit function, which has been merged into CDL's Internal Audit function and reports to CDL's Audit & Risk Committee, regularly reviews the effectiveness of the Group's internal control environment, particularly in respect of the Group's financial controls. The operation of the Management Risk Committee is described further on page 11 of the Strategic Report. Remuneration The Group utilizes clear remuneration structures for its employees and directors. Positions are banded to provide for consistency across similar-level positions whilst giving the management team sufficient flexibility to vary remuneration arrangements in certain contexts in order attract or retain talent for key positions. To the extent possible, the Company's incentive structures are aligned among the regions to provide for uniformity in the Group's performance management processes. Remuneration is based on personal performance and the performance of the Company, region, hotel and/or business unit, depending on the role. Generally, personal objectives and key financial performance targets are agreed with an employee at the beginning of each year and are assessed by the employee's supervisor at the end of each year. Objectives relating to achievement of satisfactory Internal Audit assessment scores have been added to General Manager and Financial Controller bonus plans to incentivize the maintenance of adequate controls and the management team is reviewing the addition of risk management and sustainability metrics to further strengthen accountability to the Group's stakeholders. The Company's bonus plans and share scheme rules include malus and clawback provisions that can be utilized as necessary, in an effort to align employee interests with the long-term interests of the Company.    Stakeholder Relationships and Engagement The following sections of this Annual Report and Accounts and the Group's 2021 Corporate Responsibility Report, published on its website (at https://investors.millenniumhotels.com/corporate-responsibility) describe how the Company has engaged with its stakeholders over the course of the year and how it plans to continue to engage with them in the future. Section Location e 22 of this Directors' Engagementwith Suppliers, Customers and Others in a Page 23 of this Directors' Report Business Relationshi with the Com an
