   CORPORATE GOVERNANCE Corporate Governance Framework As a financial services firm, the Company applies regulatory requirements set out by the PRA and FCA when determining its corporate governance arrangements. The Company also seeks to align with best practice guidance on the corporate governance of financial institutions. It has therefore chosen not to formally adopt an additional corporate governance code. The corporate governance arrangements in place for the Company are described below and are materially in accordance with the framework set out in the Wates Corporate Governance Principles. The Company's purpose is to deliver the strategy of the Morgan Stanley Group in the markets and communities in which it operates and to its global client base. The strategy and core values of the Morgan Stanley Group are: Our Strategy What we do - advise, originate, trade, manage and distribute capital for governments, institutions and individuals, and always do so with a standard of excellence. How we do it - Execute in a way that is consistent with our values and, whenever possible, deliver more than one part of the Morgan Stanley Group. With what result - Deliver strong returns for our shareholders, build long-term value for our clients and offer highly attractive employees. Our Core Values career opportunities for our Since its founding in 1935, the Morgan Stanley Group has consistently delivered first class business in a first-class way. The Group follows the core values of the Morgan Stanley Group, which are designed to guide decision making aligned to the expectation of our shareholders. The core values are: Put Clients First Do the Right Thing Lead with Exceptional ideas Commit to Diversity and Inclusion Give Back Morgan Stanley's Strategy and Core Values are communicated to employees, who are accountable for conducting themselves in accordance with the Core Values. For more information see the 'Sustainability -Our People' section of the Strategic Report. Board Composition At 31 December 2021, the Board was comprised of 12 Directors (7 Executive Directors and 5 Non-Executive Directors). The diagram on the following page provides an overview of the Board. In line with corporate governance best practice, the roles of Chair and CEOare held by different people.    MSIP Board of Directors As at 31 December 2021 ®ml:1 1 GN,utll!Arilir•ld!•llllleHi® a I I I I I ~ ~ ~ ~ = .___..,I Non-Executive Director ._ __ _.I Executive Director 1. Jonathan Bloomer was appointed as Chair of the Remuneration Committee on 8 February 2021. 2. David Cannon was appointed as Chair of the MSI Audit Committee on 21 April 2021. 3. Melanie Richards was appointed as a Non-Executive Director of the Company on 8 July 2021. 4. Mary Phibbs and Simon Ball resigned as Non-Executive Directors of the Company on 31 March and 30 April 2021 respectively. The size, structure and composition of the Board is reviewed annually to ensure it remains appropriate and promotes effective decision making. The MSI Nomination and Governance Committee ("NomCo"), led by the Chair, considers the balance of skills and experience on the Board, with recommendations made to the Board as needed. Having a diverse range of approaches, backgrounds, skills, experience, opinions and views on the Board is important. To promote this the Board has a Board Diversity policy in place which is reviewed annually. The policy includes a target of at least 33% female representation on the Board. As at 31 December 2021, the representation of women on the Board was 42%. The policy also includes a target of a minimum of one Board director from an ethnic minority background, which the Board currently meets. The targets set out in the policy are in line with industry targets for diversity and inclusion. New appointments to the Board are reviewed by the NomCo prior to recommendation to the Board for approval. The NomCo will consider a number of factors when deciding on a new appointment including, but not limited to, a candidate's: skills, experience, demographics, ethnicity, gender and geographical experience; honesty, integrity and independence of mind; time commitment; and collective fit with the Board and the Morgan Stanley Core Values. When new Directors are appointed to the Board, they receive an induction programme designed to give them a broad understanding of the Company, its business and governance and risk management frameworks and an understanding of their regulatory and legal responsibilities. To keep their skills and knowledge up to date, the Board receives training sessions on key topics each year. Non-Executive Directors receive additional briefings from senior management and, in the oruimiry course, attend site visits to ensure they continue to have the skills and knowledge needed to fulfil their role. Due to the continued prevalence of COVID-19, the Non-Executive Directors were unable to carry out site visits in 2021, however Directors continued a program of "open door sessions" throughout 2021. For more information see the 'Employees' section of the 'Section 172(1) statement'. The Board reviews its effectiveness annually using either an internal or externally facilitated assessment. In    2021 an internal assessment was facilitated by Company Secretarial. Directors also receive individual annual performance assessments to assist with their personal development. Director Responsibilities The Board and each Director have a clear understanding of their responsibilities. These are set out in the matters reserved to the Board and the terms of reference for each of the MSI Board Committees and the role profile provided to each director on appointment, and reviewed periodically. The Company is a wholly owned subsidiary of MSI. As at 31 December 2021, the Company and MSI had predominantly the same board composition, save that an additional Non-Executive Director and Executive Director were appointed to the MSI Board in 2021. The MSI Board has established Board Committees to assist it, and a number of its regulated subsidiaries, in performing their duties. The Board is assisted in discharging its responsibilities via the MSI Audit, Risk, Remuneration, and Nomination and Governance Committees which are described below in 'MSI Board Committee structure and EMEA executive management structure'. The Board meets approximately 10 times a year and receives regular reporting on key aspects of the Company's business, including performance against KPls, financial performance, risk management information and updates on market conditions and the regulatory environment. The MSI Risk Committee and MSI Audit Committee meet at least quarterly and the MSI Remuneration Committee and Namco meet at least twice a year to receive reports on key matters within their remit. EMEA Executive and Management Committees Risk Focused Day to day management of the Company's business is delegated to key EMEA Executive Committees, namely the EMEA Operating Committee, the EMEA Risk Committee, and the EMEA Culture and Conduct Committee. These Executive Committees are the most senior MSI Group executive management committees and have responsibility for overseeing business performance, operations and risks identified in relation to the MSI Group. The Executive Committees are supported in their oversight of specific areas of the MSI Group's activities by a number of management committees. MSI Board Committee structure and EMEA executive management structure Board Committees Morgan Stanley International Limited Non,in~tlon 8, Governance Committee Morgan Stanley & Co. International pie Executive Committees Ma11agement-level Committees Morgan Stanley Bank International Limited Morgan Stanley Investment Management Limited ~trr.,~.,,,1,,ll,\traj••--~ c;;Jfal~ ~~-.,.· ~~ ~r;;lG;JG;J~fiil -~ la]~~~~~ .    Board Committees oversight of the culture and of conduct risk within the The MSI Risk Committee assists the Board on the management of financial and non-financial risks, including (i) risk strategy and appetite; (ii) risk identification and management; (iii) risk governance framework and policies; (iv) measurement of risk against tolerance and limits; (v) risk culture; (vi) financial resource management and capital; and (vii) recovery and resolution. The MSI Audit Committee assists the Board in monitoring: (i) financial reporting; (ii) internal controls; (iii) legal and regulatory compliance; (iv) internal audit; and (v) external auditors. The MSI Remuneration Committee assists the Board in (i) overseeing the implementation of remuneration policies and practices applicable to the Company (as a member of the MSI Group) and (ii) overseeing compliance by the Company with applicable EU and UK remuneration rules, statements and guidance. The MSI NomCo assists the Board in (i) the recruitment of Board members; (ii) assessment of the performance of the Board and (iii) the MSI Group corporate governance framework (as it applies to the Company). Each MSI Board Committee is comprised solely of independent Non-Executive Directors appointed to provide robust and effective challenge of the matters within its remit. Processes are in place to manage conflicts of interest, should they arise. Executive Committees The EMEA Operating Committee is the principal forum for key decisions regarding matters affecting the operations and performance of the MSI Group in accordance with the strategy approved by the MSI Board. The Committee's responsibilities include matters relating to: (i) strategy; (ii) financial and business performance; (iii) risk and control; (iv) operational, legal and regulatory matters; and (v) human resources. The EMEA Risk Committee ("ERC") assists in the oversight of the MSI Group's management of risk (including financial and non-financial risks) within the MSI Group. The Committee provides oversight of: (i) risk strategy and appetite; (ii) risk identification and measurement; (iii) risk framework and policies; (iv) risk culture; and (v) financial resource management and capital. MSI Group. The Committee provides oversight of (i) material inherent or emerging conduct risks; (ii) material conduct incidents and issues; (iii) strategic employee matters or initiatives relevant to culture an conduct; and (iv) assists in the embedding of Morgan Stanley's core values and culture within the MSI Group. Management-level Committees with risk governance) (associated The EMEA Franchise Committee assists in the oversight of potentially significant franchise risks in connection with relevant transactions, activities, or clients, including by reviewing activities, transactions, and clients that pose potentially significant franchise risks. The EMEA ALCO assists the ERCto oversee the capital adequacy, funding, and liquidity risk management of the MSI Group. The EMEA Operational Risk Oversight Committee assists and provides guidance to the ERCin relation to the oversight of the management of operational risk of the MSI Group. The EMEA Client Assets Governance Committee provides support for MSI Group's compliance with CASS requirements, and acts as the principal body for providing governance of CASS related issues, and coordination of the approach to managing Client Money and Client Assets. The EMEA Conduct Risk Committee assists the ERCin the oversight and management of conduct risk within the MSI Group. The EMEA Electronic Trading Governance Committee is established by the ERCto review and challenge controls applicable to the electronic trading business undertaken by the MSI Group. The EMEA Product Committee assists the ERC in discharging its responsibilities for the oversight of approvals of New Products, and the oversight of product governance. Management-level Committee with financial reporting) (associated The EMEA Financial Statement Review Committee reviews and recommends or approves the publicly disclosed financial information and the related    representations and associated controls of MSI and its EMEA regulated subsidiaries and their branches. Opportunity and Risk The Board sets the Company strategy, which implements the Global Morgan Stanley Strategy as it applies to the Company's business and is aligned to the Company's Risk Appetite Statement. The Board, with assistance from the MSI Risk Committee, reviews performance against the strategy and risk appetite (including compliance with the risk management framework, risk tolerances and risk limits) at its meetings throughout the year. The Board holds an annual strategy day to consider long term strategic opportunities and risks for the business. Significant changes in strategy or risk appetite, including material changes to the Company's business, require Board consideration and approval to ensure they are in the long-term interests of the Company and to consider the impact on key stakeholders. The Board is supported in its monitoring of financial and non-financial risk by the MSI Risk Committee. The ERC is responsible for the oversight of the ongoing management of the Company's financial and non-financial risks. Further information on the risk management framework applicable to the Company's business is provided in the 'Risk Management' section of the Strategic Report. Remuneration The Company, as a wholly owned subsidiary of Morgan Stanley, is subject to Global Morgan Stanley Remuneration Policies and Procedures which determine the remuneration paid to Company employees. Morgan Stanley has a pay for performance philosophy and is committed to responsible compensation programs with the following key objectives, all of which support Morgan Stanley's culture and values and shareholders' interests: deliver pay for sustainable performance; align compensation with shareholders' interests; attract and retain top talent; and mitigate excessive risk-taking. The Board has delegated responsibility to the MSI Remuneration Committee to oversee the implementation of those policies and procedures to the Company's business and oversee compliance by the Company with applicable EU and UK remuneration rules, statements and guidance. Further information on the link between the culture, values and conduct of employees and their remuneration is provided in the 'Our People' section of the Strategic Report. Information about compliance with the Capital Requirements Directive ("CRD IV"), the FCA Remuneration Code for dual-regulated firms (SYSC 19D), the PRA Rulebook Remuneration part, and any guidelines or guidance related to these provisions is included in MSl's annual CRR 450 remuneration disclosure.    Stakeholder Engagement and Section 172(1) Statement Directors of the Company are required to act in a way that they consider, in good faith, to be most likely to promote the success of the Company for the benefit of its members as a whole, and in so doing have regard, among other matters to: • the likely consequences of any decision in the long term; • the interests of the Company's employees; • the need to foster the Company's business relationships with suppliers, customers and others; • the impact of the Company's operations on the community and the environment; • the desirability of the Company maintaining a reputation for high standards of business conduct; and • the need to act fairly as between members of the Company. To assist them in discharging their duty under sl 72 Companies Act 2006, Directors undertake a number of stakeholder engagement activities to provide them with the information they need to understand the views and interests of stakeholders. This information helps Directors to have regard to stakeholder interests, and the likely long term consequences, including to the reputation of the Company, when making decisions and setting strategy. The Company's key stakeholders were considered in 2021, including the particular challenges faced by many key stakeholders due to the continued prevalence of COVID-19 pandemic, and are listed below with examples of the stakeholder engagement activities that took place in 2021. Employees During 2021, Directors continued a program of "open door" sessions at which employees were encouraged to ask questions about the Company's business, its strategy, performance, current initiatives and the role of the Board. Employees also attended NomCo meetings in 2021 to report on Diversity and Inclusion initiatives within the Morgan Stanley Group. The Board continued to focus on employee culture and conduct as part of its    review of the EMEA Culture and Conduct Plan which reflected feedback from the employee engagement survey and informed management actions for the year. The Financial Services Culture Board {formerly the Banking Standards Board) attended Board meetings to report directly to the Board on its assessment of the MSI Group and its culture. The Board continued to be focused on the impact of the prolonged period of remote working on employee health and wellbeing and also on the plans for the future of working practices post the pandemic. For more information on employees, diversity and inclusion, and culture, refer to 'Our People' within the Strategic Report. Suppliers Reporting on the Morgan Stanley Modern Slavery Act Statement provided the Board with insights into how supplier relationships are managed and the vendor due diligence program to assess risks with third party suppliers. Clients Throughout the year, the Board received reports from the heads of each business unit on the competitive landscape for their business and the plans in place to respond to changing client demands. Particular focus areas of the Board Strategy day were technology innovation, the future role of digital assets and sustainability initiatives to support clients. Business unit heads also provided regular updates on performance and client focus areas which gave the Board insight into client issues and concerns. Community and Environment The Morgan Stanley Group is committed to giving back to the communities in which it operates. The Board receives updates on giving back and sustainability initiatives taking place in EMEA. For more details on Morgan Stanley's Giving Back to the Community initiatives see 'Sustainability - Givin~ Back to the Community' in the Strategic Report. See 'Clients' above for information on the Board's consideration of sustainable finance and providing sustainable solutions to clients. The Board continued to focus on the Climate Change financial risk framework and Non-Executive Directors received regular briefings on Sustainability opportunities and risks in EMEA. For more information on the Morgan Stanley Group's and the Group's approach to Climate Risk, refer to 'Risk Management -Climate Risk' in the Strategic Report. For more information on Morgan Stanley's sustainability initiatives, refer to 'Sustainability' within the Strategic Report. Regulators In 2021, the Board has continued its open and continuous dialogue with the Company's regulators. The Chair and CEOmeet regularly with both the PRAand FCA. In addition, individual Directors engage regularly with both regulators through Continuous Assessment and Proactive Engagement meetings. Investors The Company is a wholly owned subsidiary of Morgan Stanley. A number of Executive Directors on the Board are members of the Morgan Stanley Group management committees and are able to provide the Board with insights on Morgan Stanley's views and priorities. Further insight into the views of Morgan Stanley and its shareholders are obtained through regular interactions between the Company's Chair and the Chairs of the MSI Board Committees and the Morgan Stanley Non-Executive Directors, including the Chairs of the Morgan Stanley Audit and Risk Committees. Making Decisions When making decisions, the Board considers the insights obtained through relevant stakeholder engagement activities as well as the need to maintain a reputation for high standards of business conduct and the long term consequences of its decisions. Principal decisions taken by the l;lo,m;i in 2021 included steps to finalise its European operations post the UK withdrawal from the European Union.
