   GOVERNANCE CORPORATE GOVERNANCE Overview The Board is committed to maintaining the highest standards of governance throughout the Group and continues to believe that effective corporate governance is the foundation of a successfulcompany. The Board recognises that a strong governance framework is fundamental to achieving Merlin's strategic objectives by embedding a strong company culture and values globally across the Group. Merlin's overriding purpose is to work with stakeholders to create truly memorable experiences for visitors and long term value for our investors. Our corporate governance framework has been developed to safeguard these objectives. The Board is committed to ensuring that the procedures, policies and practices of the business continue to be effective. Board and Committee responsibilities The Board and the Merlin Board The Company is managed by its Board of Directors (the Board) which comprises representatives of its principal shareholders and an independent Chairman. The Board meets as required by the Shareholder Investment Agreement (see page 8), to provide governance over the Group and to consider those matters requiring specific approval by the Company. The same shareholder representative Directors and the independent Chairman meet regularly as the Board of Merlin Entertainments Limited (the Merlin Board), alongside key members of the Merlin Executive Committee, being the Group Chief Executive Officer and the Group Chief Financial Officer, to provide leadership and set the strategy for the Group. The responsibilities of the Merlin Board are detailed below: • overseeing strategy, management and approval of major policies; • determining the capital structure; maintaining the system of internal controls and risk management; approval of the annual capital expenditure budget, major capital projects and strategic transactions; overseeing financial performance and reviewing financial reports; establishing and maintaining an effective corporate governance framework, in conjunction with the Board; effective engagement with shareholders and other stakeholders; and reviewing recommendations from Committees. Board Committees The following Committees have been in operation during the year and unless otherwise stated, remain. Health,Safetyand SecurityCommittee This Committee ensures that health, safety and security (HSS) matters are managed effectively and proactively throughout the Group, by overseeing our policies and procedures for HSS, monitoring our processes for identifying and managingrisks, and monitoring the skills, effectiveness and levels of resource within our HSS teams. The Committee membership comprises an independent chair and representatives from each of the investor consortium, two of whom are Board members. Meetings are also attended by the Group Chief Executive Officer and Group Chief FinancialOfficer, together with the Group Safety, Engineering and Security Director, the Chief Operating Officer of the Midway Attractions Operating Group and the Managing Director of the Resort Theme Parks Operating Group. ANNUAL REPORTAND ACCOUNTS 2021 Audit Committee This Committee assiststhe Board in discharging its responsibilities regarding financial reporting by monitoring the integrity of our financial statements including considering whether the financial statements are 'fair, balanced and understandable'. It assists the Board and the Merlin Board in relation to external and internal audits, including monitoring and reviewing the effectiveness of the internal audit function and overseeing the performance and independence of external auditors. It also assiststhe Merlin Board in matters of risk management and internal controls, including monitoring and reviewing the effectiveness of our whisdeblowing and fraud policies and our internal control and risk management. During the year the Audit Committee considered proposals for the Group to tender its external audit relationship, KPMG LLP having been the Group's auditors for many years. A comprehensive competitive tender process was completed, and as a result Ernst & Young LLP were appointed as external auditors. The Committee membership comprises representatives from two members of the investor consortium, one of whom is a Board member. RemunerationCommittee The Remuneration Committee was created in early 2021 and the first meeting was held in March 2021. The Remuneration Committee assiststhe Merlin Board in determining its responsibilities in relation to remuneration, including making recommendations on the policy on executive remuneration, determining the individual remuneration and benefits packageof each of the Executive Directors and recommending and monitoring the remuneration of senior management below Merlin Board level. The Committee considers all material elements of Merlin's remuneration policy, remuneration and incentives of Executive Directors and senior management with reference to independent remuneration research and professional advice and make recommendations on the framework for executive remuneration. The Committee is also responsible for making recommendations for the grants of awards under share incentive plans. The Remuneration Committee's membership comprises the independent Chairman and representatives of each of the investor consortium, all of whom are Board members. Other Committees In addition to the Board Committees, there are four non-Board Committees: • ExecutiveCommittee- chaired by the Chief Executive Officer, this Committee is responsible for managingthe Group's day-to-day operations and the development of strategic plans for consideration by the Merlin Board. It implements the Group's strategy and ensures that the business complies with all applicable statutory, regulatory and governance requirements. Three operational Committees make recommendations to the Executive Committee and have specific areas of responsibility as follows: • Commerdal and StrategicRiskManagementCommittee- maintains oversight and guidance on management of commercial and strategic risk. • DevelopmentBoard- reviews initial proposals for significant capital expenditure and development projects. • InvestmentBoard- appraises major capital expenditure and development projects.    2021 priorities During 2021 the main area of focus for the Merlin Board continued to be overseeing Merlin's response to the COVID-19 pandemic, requiring ongoing dialogue between Merlin Board members and executive management. The Merlin Board discussed how attractions were able to reopen with a focus on customer and guest safety, cost management and profitability. The Merlin Board monitored the trading performance as the business recovered through the year and focused on a number of key strategic projects. As well as overseeing the launch of LEGOLAND New York, the Merlin Board reviewed the development of the LEGO LAND park projects in China, and assessedthe pipeline of opportunities for future LEGOLAND parks. It considered further strategic opportunities and approved the proposed transaction regarding Cadbury World that was announced in early 2022. Other areas of focus included cyber security risks and the Group's ongoing investment in that area. Towards the end of the year the Merlin Board approved the Group's five year strategic plan and the extension and modification of leases for certain of Merlin's Resort Theme Parks locations. The Merlin Board also reviewed and approved the implementation of long term incentive plans, more details of which are set out in note 4.6 to the financial statements. Corporate governance framework During 2021 the Board and the Merlin Board maintained a strong corporate governance framework and they continue to apply the Wates Corporate Governance Principles for Large Private Companies. Details of how the Group approaches these principles are set out below. Principle One - Purpose and Leadership An effectiveboarddevelopsand promotesthe purposeo( a company,and ensuresthat its values,strategyand culturealign with that purpose. Since 1999, Merlin's strategy has been co create a high growth, high return family entertainment company. The business is based on strong brands and a global portfolio which is naturally balanced against the impact of external factors. This strategy is aligned with our purpose of delivering memorable experiences co our millions of visitors and our vision of being the global leader in location based entertainment. The Merlin Board continues co review and challenge Merlin's strategy, performance. responsibility, and accountability so that every decision made is of the highest quality, and in line with the Company's culture. This is sec out in 'The Merlin Way' values which are embedded throughout the business, from day-to-day management co Merlin Board reviews. The Group receives feedback from guests and employees via guest satisfaction surveys and employee engagement surveys; where relevant this feedback is incorporated in board papers. The business model and the growth drivers of the Group are outlined in pages 6 co I 0. Whilst the Board holds overall responsibility for developing and promoting the purpose of the Group, the Merlin Board and the Executive Committee ensure that the values, strategy and culture continue to be embedded globally on their behalf. The Board Committees review the effectiveness of our internal policies. The Audit Committee reviews the effectiveness of the Group's whistleblowing and fraud policies. ANNUAL REPORTAND ACCOUNTS 2021 Principle Two - Board Composition Effectiveboardcompositionrequiresan effectivechair and a balanceof skills, backgrounds,experienceand knowledge,with indMdualdirectorshavingenough capacityta make a valuablecontribution.Thesizeof a boardshouldbe guidedby the scaleand complexityo( the company. The Board is appointed in accordance with the Shareholder Investment Agreement. Each investor has nominated suitably qualified representatives co sit on the Board and the Merlin Board. The Directors possessa wide range of skills, backgrounds, experience. and knowledge across a broad range of businesses.The composition of the Board is considered appropriate for the size and complexity of the Company. Details of the Board members can be found on pages 34 co 35. An Audit Committee, Remuneration Committee and Health, Safety and Security Committee have been established. They have been in operation throughout the year. The Chairman of the Board and of each Committee is responsible for leading and facilitating constructive meetings. The Chairman of the Board regularly elicits feedback from other Board members on meeting effectiveness and governance. Careful consideration has been given co the appointment of the Chair of each Committee. The Audit Committee is chaired by an individual with recent and relevant financial experience. The Remuneration Committee is chaired by the independent Chairman. The Health, Safety and Security Committee is chaired by an independent health and safety expert. The responsibilities of the Board and these Committees are outlined on page 32. Until shortly before the end of the year, the Board, Merlin Board and Executive Committee together was comprised of 12 men and three women. Details of the gender mix of the Group and its senior management are sec out on pages 24 co 25, together with details of our actions in the area of diversity and inclusivity. Principle Three - Directors Responsibilities Theboard and individualdirectorsshouldhavea dear understandingoftheir accountabilityand responsibilities.Theboard'spoliciesand proceduresshouldsuppan effectivedecision-makingand independentchallenge. The Board understands its responsibility for promoting the success of the Company for the benefit of shareholders and with consideration of its stakeholders. This is done in a way which is consistent with its ethical, legal, and regulatory responsibilities and the Company's constitution. The Board, the Merlin Board and Committees are bound by a Shareholder Investment Agreement and respective terms of reference which give clear guidance on matters which require Board or Committee approval. Key strategic decisions are made by the Merlin Board and Committee terms of reference set out the responsibilities of each Committee. The Merlin Board met ten times during 202 I by video conference calls, due to travel restrictions imposed as a result of the COVID-19 pandemic. The Merlin Board are provided with appropriate board packs in advance of the meetings, including trading updates, financial performance, employee engagement and welfare. and management of key business risks. When making decisions, only the shareholder representatives have voting rights. Key financial information is collated from the Company's accounting systems. The Group's financial information is externally audited and its controls are reviewed regularly by the Group's internal audit function. The Board delegates the scrutiny of financial information and controls to the Audit Committee. The Merlin Board delegates authority for the day-to-day management of the Company to the Executive Committee which meets at leaseeight times each year.    A boardshouldpromote the long term sustainablesuccessofthe companyby identifying opportunitiesto createand preservevalueand establishingoversight(or the identification and mitigationof risks. Oversight of risk management is performed on an ongoing basis through interaction with management and by risk being a regular item on Merlin Board agendas.Two Committees have specific responsibilities in the key areas of health, safety and security and wider risk management and internal controls activities. Commercial risks are considered by a sub-committee of the Executive Committee, chaired by executive management, which reports back to the Executive Committee regularly. The Board retains overall responsibility for risk management and the Merlin Board approves the risk management framework which sets out the responsibilities, oversight, monitoring. reporting and management processes. Further details regarding the approach to risk management are set out on pages I B to 23. Long term strategic opportunities are highlighted through the Group's strategic planning processes that the Board oversees. A dedicated strategy review session was performed during 2021with a focus on acquisitions strategy. Other opportunities are brought to the attention of the Board when they arise. Principle Five - Remuneration A boardshouldpromote executiveremunerationstructuresalignedto the longterm sustainablesuccessof a company.consideringpay and conditionselsewherein the company. Remuneration matters during the year were considered by the Remuneration Committee. All matters relating to remuneration are considered by that body and recommended to the Merlin Board for approval. in line with the Committee's terms of reference. Our remuneration policies and principles are aligned with the Group's performance to support our overall values, purpose and strategy. A series of key principles underpin the Merlin remuneration structure - pay should be based on results and performance; consistent with best practice; and aligned to the long term success of the Company. During the year the Remuneration Committee focused in particular on the terms of long term incentive plans, which were launched towards the end of the year. These plans put in place a long term incentive structure for management which is aligned to the Company's strategic objectives. More details are set out in note 4.6 to the financial statements. Principle Six - Stakeholder Relationships and Engagement Direaors shouldfostereffectivestakeholderrelationshipsalignedto the company's purpose.The boardis responsiblefor overseeingmeaning(i1Iengagementwith stakeholders,indudingthe workforce,and havingregardto their viewswhen taking dedsions. The Board are aware of the importance of fostering effective stakeholder relationships to enable the long term successof the Group. Details of how Merlin engageswith stakeholders, including employees. is provided in the section 172 statement on page 31. The Group's business model also focuses on our interactions with customers, employees and investors; more information can be found on pages 7 to 8. ANNUAL REPORT AND ACCOUNTS 2021 Board membership The Directors currently serving are the independent Chairman and the members of the investor consortium, who also have the right to appoint observers to the Board, the Merlin Board and Committees. Each Director from the investor consortium has one vote at the Board and the Merlin Board. The Group Chief Executive Officer and the Group Chief Financial Officer are executive roles and these positions do not have voting rights at Merlin Board meetings. The members of the Board during the year and at the date of this report are set out below. Roland Hernandez. Independent Chairman Roland was appointed as a Director and independent Chairman on 7 April 2020. He is the Founding Principal and Chief Executive Officer of Hernandez Media Ventures, a privately held company engaged in the acquisition and management of media assets. He has served in this capacity since January 200I. Before founding Hernandez Media Ventures, Roland served as Chairman of Telemundo Group, Inc.. a Spanish-languagetelevision and entertainment company. from 1998to 2000and as President and Chief Executive Officer from 1995to 2000.He serves as a member of the Boards of US Bancorp. Fox Corporation, and Take-Two Interactive Software. Inc. He serves on the advisory board of Harvard Law School and previously ·served on the Board of Directors of Belmond Ltd. MGM Resorts International, Sony Corporation, Walmart Inc, and Vail Resorts, Inc. Roland received an AB. in economics from Harvard College and a J.D. from Harvard Law School. S0ren Thorup Sorensen, KIRKBI Shareholder Representative Soren was appointed as a Director on 26 June 2019,having also been a Non-executive Director of Merlin since 2013,prior to Merlin's initial public offering (IPO),representing KIRKBI. Soren has over 25 years' experience in finance and is currently the Chief Executive Officer of KIRKBI A/S and Director of various entities in the KIRKBI Group. S0ren is currently Chairman of the Board of Boston Holding A/S, Deputy Chairman of LEGO A/Sand a Non-executive Director of ISSA/S. Landis+Gyr AG, Ole Kirk's Foundation, A TTA Foundation and Koldingvej 2, Billund A/S. S0ren was formerly a Partner, Chief FinancialOfficer of AP. Moller - Maersk Group and Managing Partner of KPMG Denmark. Jorgen Vig Knudstorp. KIRKBI Shareholder Representative J0rgen was appointed as a Director on 26 June 2019,having previously been a Board observer while Merlin was listed. J0rgen has been a member of the LEGO A/S Board since 2017and has previously served as Chairman from May 2017to February 2020. He is the Executive Chairman of LEGO Brand Group and Deputy Chairman of LEGO Foundation. Jorgen is also a member of the Board of Starbucks. J0rgen joined the LEGO Group in 200I, where he served as President and Chief Executive Officer from 2004to 2016. Sidsel Marie Kristensen, KIRKBI Shareholder Representacive Sidsel was appointed as a Director on 4 November 2019.Sidsel has almost 20 years' experience as a lawyer. Sidsel joined KIRKBI A/S in 2016 and is currently Executive Vice President and General Counsel at KIRKBI A/S and Director of various entities in the KIRKBI Group. She is on the Board of Directors of LEGO Foundation, Euro Cater Holding A/S and Privathospitalet Molholm PIS.Sidsel is Chairman of LEGO Juris A/Sand a Board member of ShanghaiLEGOLAND Management Co., Ltd. Sidsel was formerly a Partner of the Danish law firm Bech-Bruun.    Joseph Baracta, Blackstone Shareholder Representative Joseph was appointed as a Director on 4 November 2019. Joseph Baratta is Blackstone's Global Head of Private Equity and a member of Blackstone's Board of Directors. He is also a member of the firm's Management Committee, and serves on many of the firm's investment committees. Mr. Baratta joined Blackstone in 1998 and in 200 I he moved to London co help establish Blackstone's corporate private equity business in Europe. Since 2012 Mr. Baratta has served as the firm's Global Head of Private Equity and is located in New York. Mr. Baratta has served on the boards of many past Blackstone portfolio companies and currendy serves as a member or observer on the boards of Ancestry, Candle Media, First EagleInvestment Management and Medline. He is also a member of the Board of Trustees of Georgetown University, is a trustee of the Tate Foundation, and serves on the board of Year Up, an organization focused on youth employment. Before joining Blackstone. Mr. Baratta was with Tinicum Incorporated and McCown De Leeuw & Company. Mr. Baratta also worked at Morgan Stanley in its mergers and acquisitions department. Mr. Baratta graduated magna cum laude from Georgetown University. Peter Wallace, Blackstone Shareholder Representative Peter was appointed as a Director on 26 June 2019. Peter Wallace is the Global Head of Core Private Equity for Blackstone. Mr. Wallace leads Blackstone's private equity investments in the services, leisure, and consumer/retail sectors. Since joining Blackstone in 1997, Mr. Wallace has led or been involved in Blackstone's investments in Alight Solutions, Allied Barton Security Services, Allied Waste, American Axel & Manufacturing, Centennial Communications, Cencerplace (formerly Volume Services America), Chamberlain Group, CommNet Cellular, Encore Global. GCA Services, International Data Group, LocusPoint Networks, Merlin Entertainments, Michaels Stores, New Skies Satellites, Pinnacle Foods/Birds Eye Foods, PSSI,SeaWorld Parks & Entertainment (formerly Busch Entertainment Corporation), Service King, Servpro, Sirius Satellite Radio, Tradesmen International, Universal Orlando, Vivint. Vivint Solar and the Weather Channel. He currendy serves on the Board of Directors of Alight Solutions, Chamberlain Group, Encore Global, International Data Group. PSSI,Service King. Servpro, Tradesmen International, and Vivint. He is a trustee of Children's Aid Society, one of America's oldest and largest children's nonprofits. Mr. Wallace received a BA from Harvard College, where he graduated magna cum laude. Lori Hall-Kimm, CPPIB Shareholder Representative (resigned 20 December 2021) Lori was appointed as a Directar on 26 June 2019 and stepped down from her role at Merlin and CPPIB shordy before the end of the year. Lori was a Managing Director in Direct Private Equity at CPPIB and led the Consumer Retail team since 2018. Lori initially joined CPP Investments in 2016 and was previously a Senior Principal leading Co-investments within the Secondaries and Co-Investments group. Prior to CPPIB, Lori was a Director in Private Capital at Ontario Teachers' Pension Plan from 2005 to 20 I 5, where she established their London office. and lead numerous European fund and co-investments from 2007 to 2015. Lori previously worked in the Consumer Retail Investment Banking team at Goldman Sachs.Lori was previously on the Board of 99 Cents Only Stores, Gruppo Coin, and Alexander Forbes Pty.Lori has a SBAfrom York University (Schulich School of Business) and an MBAfrom Columbia University. Ricardo Caupers replaced Lori Hall-Kimm Board on 25 January 2022. as CPPIB's representative on the ANNUAL REPORTAND ACCOUNTS 2021 Ricardo Caupers, CPPIB Shareholder Representative (appointed 25 January 2022) Ricardo is responsible for CPPIB's direct private equity investments in business services companies in Europe. He also has geographic coverage responsibility for Southern Europe. Prior co joining CPP Investments in 2020, Ricardo was a Partner at Palamon Capital Partners, where he spent more than ten years focusing on investments in fast-growing European companies. While at Palamon, Ricardo led a number of investments in both consumer and retail as well as business services companies, including Retail Decisions, a 828 payments company, Thomas International, a talent assessment tools provider to small and medium sized businesses,Feelunique. an European online retailer of branded beauty products, and The Rug Company, an international brand of contemporary designer home furnishings. He led the successful sale of Retail Decisions to ACI Worldwide, and Feelunique was eventually exited by Palamon co international beauty retailer Sephora after his departure. Previously, he worked for The Boston Consulting Group in New York and London from 1999 to 2008, leading strategic advisory projects for Fortune 500 corporates. Ricardo holds a BA in BusinessAdministration from Universidade Cat61ica Portuguesa and an MBAfrom Harvard Business School. Key members of the Merlin Executive Committee The key members of the Executive Committee together with the Directors of the Board form the Merlin Board. Details of Merlin's key executives are set out below. Nick Varney, Group Chief Executive Officer Nick has 30 years' experience in the visitor attractions industry and was appointed Group Chief Executive Officer of Merlin Entertainments in 1999. Nick started his career in FMCG marketing. first with Rowntree and then with Reckitt Colman. He went on co hold senior positions within The Tussauds Group (Pearson PLC), including Marketing Director of Alton Towers and Head of Group Marketing. before becoming Managing Director of Vardon Attractions and a main Board Director of Vardon pie. In 1999 Nick led the management buyout of Vardon Attractions to form Merlin Entertainments and, in 2005, initiated the process which led to its acquisition by Blackstone. Nick is a Board member of UK Hospitality, the trade body representing the UK's hospitality and tourism industry with a membership of over 45,000 companies. Alistair Windybank. Group Chief Financial Officer Alistair was appointed Group Chief Financial Officer in November 2020, including responsibility for Merlin Group IT and Procurement. Alistair joined Merlin in 2008 and has held various senior finance roles, including Head of Corporate Finance, Group Investor Relations Director, Senior Finance Director - Capital Projects and most recently, Deputy Chief Financial Officer. Prior to Merlin, Alistair worked for Deloitte in Audie & Assurance.
