   Corporate governance report Governance Mott MacDonald Group Limited, the parent company, sets the governance framework for its subsidiaries to comply with when conducting business. Some of that governance is designed and delivered through directives, processes and systems that are rolled out across the Group for use by the business operations in the Group's trading subsidiaries, like Mott MacDonald Limited. The Executive Board of Mott MacDonald Group Limited has formally adopted a corporate governance framework for large private companies, appropriate for the size and purpose of the company. The Wates Principles are voluntary principles for large private companies that demonstrate an 'apply and explain' approach over six pillars of corporate governance: 1 Purpose and leadership 2 Board composition 3 Director responsibilities 4 Opportunity and risk 5 Remuneration 6 Stakeholder relationships and engagement As a large private company and in line with Mott MacDonald Group Limited's direction, Mott MacDonald Limited is also following the Wates Principles as described in the Group's principles set out below: Principle 1-Purpose and leadership An effective board develops and promotes the purpose of the company and ensures that its values, strategy and culture align with that purpose. Our purpose is to improve society by considering social outcomes in everything we do; relentlessly focusing on excellence and digital innovation, transforming our clients' businesses, our communities and employee opportunities. Underpinning our purpose is our proposition, 'Opening opportunities with connected thinking'. This is our statement of intent - how we do what we do in delivering our purpose. We demonstrate leadership as part of an employee-owned group by pursuing success through a strategy and decision-making processes which put the long-term interests of clients, employees, external stakeholders and employee shareholders above short-term expediency. 12 Our leadership principles are focused on passing on a stronger, better and more sustainable business to those who follow us, and to maintain intergenerational fairness. Underpinning those leadership Progress, Respect, Integrity, (PRIDE). principles are our values: Drive and Excellence They guide our behaviour, shape our culture, and inform our relationships with our clients, our stakeholders and each other. They are the platform from which we deliver our purpose and underpin our employee-ownership model. We put into practice our values and demonstrate leadership through our actions and behaviours. These, together with health and safety and wellbeing, are embedded in how we conduct ourselves in running and managing the business and how we value our employees. The reputation and future success of our business are built on integrity and trust. We provide annual training on ethical and compliance behaviour to all staff and enhanced workshop training for staff most at risk of encountering ethical issues. The culture of our business is defined by the top-level leadership and by local line management. Our corporate values inform what is expected of employees' attitudes and behaviours. Employees are encouraged to report any behaviours that are not in line with our values through their HR representatives, management or through our independent whistleblowing hotline. These are all investigated and then acted on where necessary. We seek feedback from staff through a biennial survey which allows our leadership to monitor trends, gauge how well policies are being implemented and collect employee views. We put in place action plans to address common issues. The projects we deliver centre on improving people's lives but can have adverse impacts on communities and the environment. We recognise those impacts and mitigate them by embedding sustainability and social outcomes into our project delivery. We seek feedback from our clients and wider stakeholders on our impact, behaviours and effectiveness. We have various forms of interactive communication channels and thought leadership to share ideas and opinions, promote knowledge and innovation, focus on social outcomes in our project delivery, and promote technical and professional excellence.    Principle 2 - Board composition Effective board composition requires an effective chair and a balance of skills, backgrounds, experience and knowledge, with individual directors having sufficient capacity to make a valuable contribution. The size of the board should be guided by the scale and complexity of the company. Composition 2021 During 2021, the Board comprised five executive directors. The structure comprised a mix of executive directors working as Chair, Managing Director, Strategy Director, Finance Director and External Engagement Director. The directors have a broad range of skills and experience with differential as well as complementary skill sets. The blend of skills is a key feature determining the Board's effectiveness. Appointments the directors and efficient the Group. to the Board of the company are drawn from of the parent company to ensure an effective governance structure for the company and Appointments to the Board of the parent company follow a formal process, with the Board deciding what components of the process to use given the circumstances of the appointment. The process is robust and is described in detail in the governance statement of the parent company. Cathy Travers was appointed as a director of the Board on 1 January 2022. The resulting Board composition for 2022 is set out at the end of this principle. Also set out is the assessment carried out to determine that the resulting structure and composition of the Board for 2022 continues to have the right balance of competencies and skills, with appropriate experience, knowledge and governance. Evaluation Board members· strengths and development areas are reviewed from time to time using the Financial Reporting Council Guidance on Board Effectiveness as the framework, and through peer review of knowledge, skills and experience, using the same criteria as for new applicants. The Board of the parent company works with external organisations to provide development for directors and leadership training on an individual and collective basis. That assessment covers their roles and responsibilities as directors of the global business, including the parent company and their responsibilities for other Group undertakings where applicable. The Board's effectiveness is periodically reviewed by independent external assessors, as part of succession planning. The conclusions summarise effectiveness and highlight where complementary or differential skill sets could be better blended to make the Board stronger as a team. An independent review of and development programme for the Board as a team was carried out in 2019 and again in 2021. A self-assessment by directors of their own individual performance and attributes and an assessment of those of their fellow directors was carried out in 2018 and 2019 and reviewed again in 2021. The results were shared with Board members at a Board meeting and with the Shareholders' Committee to assist them with their ongoing assessment of Board performance and effectiveness. Diversity Although the Board is reasonably diverse in terms of knowledge, skills, experience and age, its balance in terms of gender and race can be improved. Changes in our own corporate culture as well as in the wider industry are slowly improving the retention and career progression of a more diverse workforce. However, the Group recognises its role to improve opportunity and outcomes at all levels, and for leading change. The Board is committed to diversity and is taking steps to improve practices and processes across the Group. Significant progress on gender and race has already been made across the business up to senior management and leadership positions. This approach is being developed to deliver a sustainable model for diversity of representation in key senior positions up to and including Board level; the Shareholders' Committee of the parent company already has a broad range of nationalities, cultures and gender. Composition 2022 Cathy Travers was appointed to the Board in January 2022 bringing the number of directors to six. The Articles of Association require between four and eight directors. From 1 January 2022, Cathy will retain her role as General Manager of the UK and European business as well as being an Executive Board director. A broader review of the Board responsibilities will take place over the first six months of 2022. In the meantime, a skills and competency assessment has been carried out given the change. The Executive Chair, the Group Head of People and an external advisor analysed the 2022 Board.    he analysis and results are set out below: • Competency Framework - an analysis has been carried out of the collective Board attributes. The analysis shows that there is no material overall difference between 2021 and 2022. The competency framework was developed based on: Lane4 interviews with senior staff; Lane4 advice; the loD competency framework, Institute of Directors 2016; the Competency Framework for Governance Professionals, The Governance Institute 2019 and The Successful Executives Handbook, PDI 1993. Competencies were evaluated as 360° by peers and individual self-assessments. • Talent Q Dimensions Report analysis carried out by Lane4. The analysis demonstrates that the new Board in 2022 will not be materially affected in terms of composite performance. Principle 3 - Director responsibilities The board and individual directors should have a clear understanding of their accountability and responsibilities. The board's policies and procedures should support effective decision-making and independent challenge. As with principle 2 above, the governance structure reflects the governance in place for the Executive Board of the parent company who carry out their roles and responsibilities as directors of the parent company and certain material trading subsidiaries of which Mott MacDonald Limited is one. Accountability and effective decision-making The roles of the directors are as described in principle 2. Significant decisions of the Board are generally made by reaching a consensus. Decisions can also require ratification or subsequent approval from the Board of the parent company or the Shareholders' Committee of the parent company, whenever required by our internal management governance or the parent company's Articles of Association. The Shareholders' Committee of the parent company represents the long-term interests of current and future shareholders of the Group. It advises on key issues and approves significant decisions and actions of the Board of the parent company. It is responsible for oversight and supervision of that Board. It is choired by o member of the Shareholders' Committee. Board directors are not members of this committee. Information and advice The Board is provided with information in a timely manner on matters that need to be considered in running the business. Directors have access to the advice of the Group General Counsel and Company Secretary, who are 14 responsible for advising the Board of the parent company and the Group's business operations on material governance matters. Directors can seek independent advice on the performance of their duties. The Board also receives assurances from various in-house technical specialists that the company's financial reporting, risk management, governance and internal control processes, including policies mandating procedural requirements and standards, are operating effectively. It is the Board's responsibility to make sure that this assurance is delivered and that the means to deliver it is adequately resourced and effectively managed. Discharging responsibilities The directors delegate day-to-day management and decision-making to senior management. However, delegation is subject to financial limits and other restrictions, above which matters must be referred back to the Board. The directors maintain oversight of performance and ensure that management acts in line with the strategy and plans agreed by the Board and its delegated authorities. This governance framework sets out how we do business across the Group and captures our values, policies and processes, together with clear levels of delegated responsibility. It is aimed at ensuring that all employees and businesses act in a clear, accountable consistent manner. and Our policies and processes embrace our operating practices. Managers have the authority to make decisions and that authority is delegated as far as is practicable -but with clear accountabilities. Some matters involving risk are escalated in accordance with clear guidelines on evaluation and authority to approve. The company operates a business management system, STEP, which sets out the policies and procedures of the company and the decision-making and authority framework. This determines our levels of delegated authority and operated workflows. Principle 4 - Opportunity and risk The board should promote the long-term sustainable success of the company by identifying opportunities to create and preserve value and by e,:;tablishing overcight to identify and mitigate risks. As noted in the introduction to governance above, Mott MacDonald Group Limited, the parent company, sets the governance framework for the Group's business operations to comply with when conducting business through the trading subsidiaries of the Group.    The narrative set out below is a summary of the Group's general risk management process that is used by Mott MacDonald Limited. Opportunity and value The Group creates value through developing information for our clients. The processes for developing information are maintained in our STEP business management system. The information we develop takes many forms but typic;;illy wo g0noratc rnports, models ;;ind designs. We also support clients by managing programmes of work and providing assurance with respect to the work of others. We select the markets we seek to work in, through selective focus and where we assess we can build long-term value. Our approach is to focus on clients that offer sustained addressable opportunity in our chosen sectors. We assign client account leaders to have oversight of the clients' development plans and to maintain high levels of client satisfaction through our services. The Board has responsibility for determining the nature and extent of the risk it is willing to take. This is recorded in the Group Risk Appetite. It is also responsible for ensuring that risks are managed effectively. Managing business risk Business risks are treated by the Board's Risk Committee. Each business risk is managed by the Three Lines of Defence Model and mitigations recorded by individual risk treatment plans. The Group's principal risk themes are noted on pages 9 and 10. The newly appointed Chief Risk Officer reports to the Board's Risk Committee on risk exposure in the business three times a year. In addition, risks related to health, safety and ethics are reported at each meeting of the Board. An Ethics and Compliance Officer for the Group, who reports through the Group General Counsel to the Executive Chair, has oversight of investigations into alleged breaches of our code of conduct and any significant process failure. In addition to Board oversight, the Shareholders' Committee has an Audit and Risk Assurance sub-committee which requires an assessment of risks to be presented at each of its three meetings a year and a report on any ethical matters arising. Managing project risks before contract Managing project risk starts at the work-winning stage. Achieving the appropriate balance between risk and opportunity is first assessed at the decision to invest in a relationship, secondly at decision to pursue a potential prospect and finally at the point of a decision to submit a proposal for a specific opportunity. These judgements are based upon assessments by client account leaders who build a good understanding of clients' business plans, culture and likely fit with our own risk appetite. We then assess each prospect for its complexity to identify the level of control th;::it is required for project delivery and the required competence of the project leadership team. That determines the right mix of project controls specialists and commercial managers needed in the team to support the project manager and project principal. For more complex projects, the project principal is supported by an oversight board. We undertake due diligence on our supply chain before contracting with them. Where risks related to technical competence, business ethics, modern slavery, sanctions, export controls or safeguarding are high, further work is carried out to seek to ensure that the association with the supplier will enhance, not damage, our reputation. The Group identifies attributes related to material technical and commercial risks for which special approvals are required to take the risk before a tender can be submitted. Managing project risk after contract Project risk is managed through STEP which is ISO 9001:2015 compliant. It defines our approach to project delivery and is mandated for all projects in the Group. STEP is compliant with ISO standards for health and safety, environment, anti-bribery management, risk, information security and collaborative working. Our new ERP system, Connect Business, now covers two thirds of the Group's global operations by revenue. Connect Business supports improved risk management, providing an integrated risk register within each project. During delivery, the register is live, giving improved visibility of current risks and improved project management. The improved visibility can also inform project support requirements and improve business planning through aggregated views of risks. Monthly project review meetings together with annual project reviews are carried out by the project teams. They monitor risk and uncertainty and update the risk register, project budget and project delivery plan. Performance is also monitored at a senior management level using exception reports, which identify anomalies that need to be investigated, evaluated and followed up.    Compliance with our quality systems is managed through our quality in-house specialists, who carry out audits and reviews of the application of our system, and through external auditors, who are currently DNV. We have a single contract for our global operations and receive consistent assessment of the quality of our compliance to STEP. The Group's external and internal auditors consider the effectiveness of controls in this area, with matters for improvement reported to the Board and the Audit and Risk Assurance sub-committee. Principle 5 - Remuneration The board should promote executive remuneration structures aligned to the long-term sustainable success of the company, t.:iking into account pay and conditions elsewhere in the company. Consistency and control We operate a consistent and equitable approach to remuneration. We reward our employees fairly and participate in industry benchmarking to ensure individuals are paid competitively and that their pay progresses fairly and in line with our markets and locations as their careers advance. Benchmarking means that we can minimise retention risks and ensure we can make attractive and competitive offerings in our chosen markets and locations, which are essential for attracting and retaining the best talent. Remuneration management, governance and oversight is run through our regional structures with central advice. support and counsel provided by our Group Head of Reward. Oversight of the regional teams and governance for recommendations and proposals, such as the annual pay review, sit with the Executive Board of the parent company Remuneration and Equity sub-committee A Remuneration and Equity sub-committee which reports to the Shareholders· Committee reviews and approves Board proposals on remuneration and equity, including: • percentage pay review amounts by geography and/or sector; • the size and allocation of the discretionary bonus pool for employees and the criteria for awarding bonuses; • compensation proposals for the Directors of the Board; • annual share allocations to business units to use to offer shares to their employees to buy; • annual share offers to the executive directors of the company to buy; and • the annual dividend and the size and allocation of discretionary bonus pools to distribute to employee shareholders. 16 All proposals are based on the performance the business segment and the individual. of the Group, Performance is defined with agreed goals and targets and measured via metrics such as revenue growth, profit growth, profitability, working capital. ethics and collaboration, as well as the development and demonstration of professional and technical excellence. Goals are reviewed quarterly via a quarterly review process called 'Connected Conversations'. Directors and independent members The sub-committee reviews the remuneration of Executive Directors, as well as the allocation of shares for them to buy in the parent company. That provides an effective control over their remuneration and equity, ensuring a measured and justified value proposition. Their remuneration and shares allocation (to buy) are based on the same performance principles as those used for staff. The sub-committee also reviews and appraises the Board's current policies and mechanisms for reward and considers proposals by the Board to change them for the better interests of the company, its employees and stakeholders. The company has no independent directors or members. Governance is managed from the parent company and the position with independent members of the parent company is described and disclosed in the financial statements of that company. Equality, diversity and inclusion (EDI) We support the UK government's move to address the gender pay gap and although we are confident that men and women are paid equally for doing the same jobs across our UK business, we also recognise the need to address the gender pay gap and are resolute in doing so. We apply those principles and that objective across the Group. Our ambition is to create a diverse and inclusive workplace and culture and to attract and retain a wide diversity of talent across the Group. We also provide advice, support and counsel to our leaders so they can support greater EDI via regional EDI networks and our Group Head of EDI. EDI dashboards provide detailed data and insights into the full employee lifecycle. The dashboards support us in our aim for our EDI efforts to be data-driven and intelligence-led across all aspects of diversity. These tools allow us to tailor our efforts to the unique nature of our different business units and focus activity where it will have the most impact. We are also using the dashboard data to inform unit EDI action plans.    Principle 6 - Stakeholder and engagement relationships Directors should foster effective stakeholder relationships aligned to the company's purpose. The board is responsible for overseeing meaningful engagement with stakeholders, including the workforce, and having regard to their views when taking decisions. Regular engagement with stakeholders ensures that our strategy, plans and initiatives continue to work in the best interest of the Group, and the clients, communities and individuals it serves. We continue to draw on the insight of our clients, advisors, peers and colleagues (employees and employee shareholders) to inform decision-making. Among other activity highlighted in the following summary, we also engaged a large cross-section of stakeholders, both internal and external to the business, in creating the landscape to use to refresh our corporate strategy in 2022. The climate conference in Glasgow in November 2021 also presented an opportunity for us to join world leaders to agree immediate, practical steps to halve global emissions over the next decade. With our clients and broader stakeholders, we engaged in the Resilience Hub, partnered with one of the largest business-focused side events in the Sustainable Innovation Forum and supported the UK Green Building Council and World Green Building Council. In line with our pledge to be net zero by 2040 or earlier, we committed to making sure that the opportunities provided by COP26 are leveraged to their fullest. With our employees The directors have regular engagement with employees to ensure that they are informed of the Group's strategic direction and are aware of its performance. We are extremely proud that Connected Conversations - our new global approach for supporting progress, performance and development - saw greater than 95% adoption right across the business in its first year. Details of employee engagement are required to be set out in the directors' report and can be found on page 20. With our employee shareholders The Board maintains a schedule of engagement with shareholders who, apart from the Employee Trust, are all employees and the only shareholders in the business. There are no external shareholders and there is no external funding from indirect ownership or influence. We are an independent privately owned company. The purpose of engagement with shareholders is to align their interests with the Group's interests, and to keep them briefed on the Group's performance, the delivery of strategy, material initiatives and company news. It also helps to ensure that the directors take their views into account in making decisions to act in the best interests of the company, its shareholders and wider stakeholders, promoting its long-term success in doing so. This includes the directors providing: • quarterly business reviews for shareholders to brief them on the company's progress, highlighting success and areas for improvement. The purpose is to recognise their contribution and improve performance; • an annual review for shareholders to highlight results for the year and areas for improvement. The purpose is to improve business performance and provide more effective engagement; • a summarised strategy for shareholders. The purpose is to improve their knowledge of our objectives and value proposition, and enrich the quality of local client and stakeholder engagement; • three virtual shareholder meetings during the year covering the annual results and business review, strategy and major engagements and initiatives. This includes a 'question and answer' session with the Board; and • regional forums for shareholders as senior employees. The purpose is to engage with them in recent developments and initiatives either for the Group or their business. This improves engagement and drives better performance and unity. With our clients Our ability to understand and respond to the needs of our clients and our clients' clients is core to our business. The directors' strategic and integrated approach to external engagement ensures that we are proactively managing our relationships with the outside world and using intelligence gained to inform decision-making and enable excellence. In support programme long-term programme our clients' engagement of this, the senior leadership maintains a diverse of engagement with our clients for productive, relationships. The Group external engagement includes, but is not limited to, our clients and clients. It is core to our business. Our external ensures that the directors: • engage with the broader industry to help steer our business and test our positions as a business; • progress thought leadership across areas that matter to our clients and Mott MacDonald; • roll a programme of executive-to-executive engagement with key clients to inform our understanding of potential changes to client needs or client-side behaviour; • visit key business locations or use alternative engagement such as e-comms, to meet clients and employees, to get an informed view of local markets, the local business and the quality of our brand;    run client satisfaction questionnaires for individual clients to get their views on service provision supporting us to learn, improve and pull their feedback into our development plans; and • participate in the pursuit of major prospects and the management of key clients via regional panels or client-facing activity. With our partners The directors maintain regular engagement with partners such as suppliers, business partners and other market players or academic bodies to discuss key specific issues with them. This enables all parties to better understand and address key issues and initiatives for the benefit of all concerned and improve decision-making for better quality outcomes on both sides. This includes the directors: • meeting with our relationship banks during the year to brief them on strategy, performance and markets, to give them assurance on the quality of our management, performance and strategy; • meeting with the advisers and trustees of our pension schemes to share updates on pension funding and to brief the trustees on the Group's performance and prospects; • meeting with larger suppliers on a regular basis to ensure that there is a fair value proposition for both parties while maintaining quality and rigour in our working arrangements; • participating in the activities of academic institutions through governing and advisory boards, and staying in touch with academics relevant to the activities of the business; • meeting with our key joint venture partners to ensure strong relationships are maintained; and • meeting with key government bodies to establish and maintain strong relationships and to help inform future strategy. With wider stakeholders The directors maintain regular engagement with wider stakeholders to enhance market focus and promote the company effectively. In 2021 we launched our 'This is the future' campaign hub. This purpose-driven campaign seeks to challenge us and our stakeholders to think about how we can bring the widest possible benefit - from the projects we work on, the relationships we build and the ways we invest. It sets out what we see as the big opportunities for transformative change and the areas where we want to engage our stakeholders in inclusive discussion. Other activities include: • updating our corporate positions and commitments related to global issues to reflect changes in global 18 targets, aligning either with global campaigns or an improved understanding; • using different media, contributing our colleagues' knowledge and expertise to discussion and debate on key issues impacting markets and stakeholders; • maintaining the Mott MacDonald corporate website and other websites that communicate with clients, stakeholders and wider society to promote our purpose, capabilities and values; and • by participating in platforms that seek to influence global agendas such as the Race to Zero, the Coalition for Climate Resilient Investment (CCRI), the Powering Past Coal Alliance and as a platform partner of the World Economic Forum - which includes our champion level recognition in the Alliance of CEO Climate Leaders. Further, specific examples of how the directors have engaged with employees, clients and wider stakeholders in the course of their duties and having regard to this engagement and their views in making decisions and ensuring the success of the company are set out in the S172 statement in the strategic report on pages 10 and 11.
