   Corporate Governance Statement Mountain Warehouse Limited and its subsidiaries, collectively referred to as '·Mountain Warehouse", are subject to the provisions of the Companies (Miscellaneous Reporting) Regulations 2018. During the financial period ending 27 February 2022, Mountain Warehouse has chosen to apply the Wates Corporate Governance Principles for Large Private Companies. The narrative below sets out how the Principles have been applied over the past financial year. Principle I: Purpose and Leadership • Mountain Warehouse was founded in 1997 to make the outdoors accessible to everyone by offering value for money product and exemplary customer service. The company's expansion since then has seen the brand grow and the product evolve, and today is an international operation. • The Company's purpose is to deliver long term sustainable value for its shareholders by providing its customers with value for money, functional outdoor clothing and equipment. In delivering this, the Group seeks to ensure compliance with applicable laws and regulations and to maintain a culture of continuous improvement and entrepreneurship. • The founder still owns a significant majority of the shares of the Group and plays an active day to day role in the strategy and stewardship of the Group. • The Board are responsible for ensuring that the strategy of the Group promotes the purpose of the Group.    Principle 2: Board Composition • The Board is comprised of an Independent Non-Executive Director, Chief Executive Officer, Chief Commercial Officer, Chief Financial and Operating Officer, Chief Technology Officer, Company Secretary and two Directors from Inflexion Partnership Capital LLP, who hold a minority stake in the Group. • The Board believes the size and composition of the Board is appropriate for the ownership structure, size and scope of operations and contains sufficiently diverse skills and experience to r:n<;mea balance of opinions cut: n:ceived on the matters it is required to consider. • The duties of the Board are partially executed through monthly Board meetings, \vhich are chaired by the Independent Non-Executive Director. Minutes of the meeting and key actions are documented and agreed by the Board. • The Board sets the strategic goals for the business, which are based upon taking a long term, sustainable view. This is supported by a business operating plan which is developed concurrently with the Company's Management Board. Principle 3: Directors Responsibilities • The Board are responsible for managing the affairs of the Company in a manner that is most likely to promote the success of the Company for the benefit of the shareholders and in a way that is consistent with the applicable compliance requirements. • The Board meet at least monthly and receive a detailed pack in advance of each meeting. This contains progress against the business strategic plan, periodic financial reporting and cyclical review of significant business areas. • A wider Management Board, to whom day to day management of the Company is delegated, meets at least weekly. Decisions may be made on a daily basis by this senior management team, using their extensive knowledge and industry experience. Such members of staff have a clear understanding of the limits of their authority and lines of accountability to their more senior reports and know when decisions should be escalated for Board approval. • Key financial information is collated from the company's various accounting systems. The finance function is appropriately qualified to ensure the integrity of the information provided. Financial information is currently audited by EY on an annual basis. • Other data is also reviewed on a periodic basis, ranging from monthly to annually as appropriate, and includes employee data, customer data, and CSR KP l's. Principle 4: Opportunity and Risk • The Directors are responsible for identifying significant risks to the business and for ensuring appropriate internal controls and risk management is in place to allow the Group to achieve its strategic objectives. • Risk management is embedded in day to day operations, with the business operation under continuous board review. • All risk management policies subject to board approval. • Long tenn strategic opportunities are reviewed at Board level with all major strategic decisions, contracts and capital expenditure approved at Board level. • ldentif),ing and assessing short term opportunities to improve the performance of the business is part of day to day activities.    Principle 5: Remuneration • Director remuneration structures reward based on both the overall performance of the Group and individual performance. • All salaries greater than£ 100k are approved by the Board. For salaries under £1 00k, remuneration is agreed by a People sub-committee. Principle 6: Stakeholder 1t:laliunships and engagement • How the Directors foster effective stakeholder relationships and consider their views when making decisions is documented in the S 172 statement that follows the Corporate Governance statement.
