   CORPORA TE GOVERNANCE The Company and the Board Directors take very seriously responsibilities regarding corporate governance. The Company is part of the MSC Cruises Group and the MSC Group and as such many of the associated processes, controls and risk management activities undertaken are considered in this context. However, the Company itself adapts and applies these processes, controls and activities according to its specific operations. The Company also has specific regard for its legal, regulatory and fiscal obligations in the United Kingdom and the other territories in which it operates. As a privately owned Company that is part of an international group, there are no specific requirements to follow a particular corporate governance code, and for the time being does not do so. However, the Company and the MSC Cruises Group have in place many of the controls, processes and procedures that would typically be found in a large international organisation and the Company and the MSC Cruises Group continue to assess whether it is appropriate to adopt a specific corporate governance framework. In this regard, while not in a position to assert full compliance in each and every respect the Company has assessed its controls, processes and procedures against the characteristics outlined in the Wates principles. Key points from this assessment are set out in the following table. Princinle Purpose and leadership MSC Cruise Mana2ement (UK) Limited resnonse The Company's activities are fully overseen by its Board of Directors. The Company has the role of disponent owner, operator and technical manager of the fleet of modern cruise vessels operated by the MSC Cruises Group. The interests of the shareholders and principal stakeholders within the MSC Cruises Group are represented through the composition of the Board of Directors. The Company plays a vital role in ensuring the safe and secure operation of the MSC Cruises Group vessels and in project managing the MSC Cruises Group's extensive newbuilding programme. The Company also operates its fleet under the UK tonnage tax regime and as such takes measures to ensure it is continuing to comply with the associated requirements. Board composition The board of directors is made up of individuals who bring a wealth of knowledge to the oversight of the Company. On a combined basis the Board has some 150 years of experience in the cruise and shipping industry. The composition of the Board is tailored to the circumstances of the Company and its role within the MSC Cruises Group. While each board member brings considerable and diverse skills and experience in their own right, Mr La Scala and Mr Campbell act as executive directors, overseeing operations at every level. Mr Yago represents the interests of the Aponte family, as the ultimate shareholders, Mr Onorato represents the interests of MSC Cruises SA, the Company's parent and principal customer, while Mr Everitt offers the perspective of the MSC Cruises Group and the UK operating environment.    Director responsibilities The directors' are fully aware of their responsibilities to the Company, the shareholders and stakeholders. Various presentations have been delivered to the Board outlining their legal, fiscal and other obligations. Updates are provided as and when circumstances and the legal, fiscal and regulatory environments in which the Company operates, evolve. Opportunity an<lrisk The Company works with the MSC Crui,~, Group companies to maximise opportunities from the performance of the existing fleet and ensuring new vessels meet future needs of passengers and the market. Risk is inherent in the nature of operating large cruise ships in a global environment. Examples of the many risks that the Company and the MSC Cruises Group have to manage are set out within this Strategic Report. Rernuneration Stakeholder relationships engagement and Remuneration of executive directors and senior managers is aligned with the overall strategic objectives of the Company and the MSC Cruises Group as well as with specific business and personal targets and objectives. See "Section 172" statement set out below and statements included in the Directors' Report. In addition to the above, as a large company which is part of an international group, operating on a glc,bal basis within the maritime sector, the Company is required to comply with and respect numerous local, national and international regulations, including but not limited to: • International Maritime Organisation (IMO) regulation • Flag state regulations and requirements • Port state control regulations • International Labour Organisation (!LO) regulation • Fiscal obligations with respect to the UK HMRC and other national tax authorities • Anti-bribery and corruption legislation • Anti-money laundering legislation • Anti-tax evasion legislation The Company has in place a range of systems, processes and controls, alongside those of the MSC Cruises Group to ensure all of the above are complied with in day-to-day operations and at a strategic level.
