   Corporate Governance Nando's Chickenland Limited is under the governance structure of Nando's Group Holdings Limited, a parent entity, along with local board supervision and oversight. The Nando's Board has chosen to reportthe company's corporate governance against the Wates Corporate Governance Principles for Large Private companies. Purpose and leadership Nando's believes its purpose is to change lives. This is set out in the Strategic Report detailing values and engagement. The Board and Director Responsibilities The Board takes a number of steps to ensure that when making decisions there is sufficient regard to key stakeholders. During the period ended 27 February 2022 the Board has engaged significantly to understand the corporate governance needed to promote balanced decision making and the Board will look for further inclusion of all stakeholder interests in the decision-making process in the period ended 27 February 2022. At the Nando's Group Holding's Limited level, the board maintains a conflicts of interest register to ensure that decisions are made independently. Opportunity and risk The key operational risks and mitigations are set out in the Strategic Report above under the section entitled principle risks and uncertainties. Remuneration The current remuneration policy is that the CEOsalary is recommended by the Group CEO;Leadership Team (Executive Directors) and other executive management salaries are recommended by the CEO and approved by the Group CEO. The same principle is    then cascaded down throughout management. Executive Director and Senior Management remuneration is assessedagainst a, balanced scorecard comprising financial and non-financial targets (including Nandoca staff welfare and brand scores). Stakeholder Relationships and Engagement Further i11formation about the key stakeh.older groups and how the Boa.rdconsider these groups in relati.on to decisions made are set out within the strategic report including values and engagement and Employees. Political and charitable contributions The Company made charitable donations of £199k during the period (2021: £144k}. The Company made no political donations during the period. Indemnification of directors Qualifying third party indemnity provisions (as defined in the Companies Act 2006) are in force for the benefit of the directors who held office during the year. The Company also provides directors' and officers' liability insurance for its directors and other officers. Disclosure of information to auditor The directors who held office at the date of approval of this directors' report confirm that, so far as they are each aware, there is no relevant audit information of which the Company's auditor is unaware; and each director has taken all the steps that he ought to have taken as a director to make himself aware of any relevant audit information and to establish that the Company's auditor is aware of that information. Auditor Pursuant to Section 487 of the Companies Act 2006, the auditor will be deemed to be reappointed and KPMG LLPwill therefore continue in office.
