   Corporate Governance The Nando's Board has chosen to report the company's corporate governance against the Wates Corporate Governance Principles for Large Private companies. Purpose and Leadership Nando's believes its purpose is to change lives. This is set out in the Strategic Report detailing values and engagement. The Board and Director Responsibilities The Board takes a number of steps to ensure that when making decisions there is sufficient regard to key stakeholders. During the period ended 27 February 2022 the Board has engaged significantly to understand the corporate governance needed to promote balanced decision making and the Board will look for further inclusion of all stakeholder interests in the decision-making process in the period ended 26 February 2023.    The Nando's board consists of Executive Directors, Non-Executive Directors and shareholder representatives. The Directors' are in the process of assessing how a best practice board composition as outlined by the Wates principals would be appropriately structured for Nando's. The Board has 3 scheduled core meetings every year with additional meetings scheduled as required. The Board receives regular and timely information on all key aspects of the business. Day to day running of the business is delegated by the Board to the "Mesa" (our executive leadership team). The board also maintains a conflicts of interest register to ensure that decisions are made independently. Directors are kept aware of their legal and governance responsibilities. meeting and director duty training is provided periodically. Regular updates are provided at each board The Board have established and approved terms of reference for the Audit Committee. The Audit Committee assists the Board in responsibilities regarding financial reporting and overseeing the performance and independence of external auditors. The Audit Committee also assists the Board in matters of risk management and internal controls, including monitoring and reviewing the effectiveness of fraud policies, internal control and risk management. Membership consists of one FxP.r.11tiveand one Non-Executive Director. During the year the Audit Committee established an internal audit programme throughout the group which reports regularly to the committee. Opportunity and risk The key operational risks and mitigations are set out in the Strategic Report above under the section entitled principle risks and uncertainties. A risk monitoring process has been established. Key risks are regularly updated and presented to the board twice per year. The Audit Committee is required to give regular updates of the group risk schedule to the Board. Remuneration The current remuneration policy is that the CEO salary is recommended by the Non-Executive Directors; Mesa (Executive Directors) and other executive management salary are recommended by the CEO and approved by the Board. The same principle is then cascaded down throughout management. Executive Director and Senior Management remuneration is assessed against a balanced scorecard comprising financial and non-financial targets (including Nandoca staff welfare and brand scores). Diversity and inclusion metrics, including gender pay gap reporting are regularly reviewed by the Board. The Directors' are in the process of formalising the processes of the Remuneration Committee. Stakeholder Relationships and Engagement Further information about the key stakeholder groups and how the Board consider these groups in relation to decisions made are set out within the strateqic reoort includino values and enoaoement and Emolovees.
