   Corporate Governance statement For the financial year ended 31 December 2021 NWB Pie hos again chosen to report against the Wates Corporate Governance Principles for Lorge Private Companies, publish    The disclosures below explain how NWB Pie hos .applied the Wates Principles in the context of its corporate governance arrangements. • • • • 1. Purpose.and leadership NatWest Group's purpose is established by the NatWest Group pie Boord, promoted across NatWest Group and cascaded to subsidiaries including NWB Pie. In February 2020, and following on extensive period of stakeholder engagement, the NatWest Group pie. Board approved NatWest Group's purpose and strategy._ • NatWest Group's purpose is 'we champion potential, helping people, families and businesses to thrive'. It hos continued to inform and drive.NatWest Group's response to the COVID-19 pandemic, acting as an important point of reference during Boord discus_sions,debate and decision-making. The Board received its annual purpose update in December 2021 which summarised progress in becoming a purpose-led bank against the three purpose focus areas of Enterprise, Learning and Climate. It highlighted the progress to dote on . embedding purpose and delivering ·against public commitments and the key areas of focus for 2022 as well as on update on stakeholders' perception of NatWest Group and its purpose aligned to the Blueprint for Better Business framework. NatWest Group's strategy is set and approved by the NatWest Group pie Boord. The board of directors of NWH Ltd (the Boord) rev_iewsand sets the strategic direction of the NWH Group and, as appropriate, the strategies for each of its businesses, within the parameters set by the NatWest Group pie Boord. The Board also oversees the execution of NWH Group strategy and holds executive management to account for its ~elivery. • Further information on NatWest Group's progress against its purpose and strategy con be found in the NatWest Group 2021 Annual Report and Accounts. • The Boord assesses and monitors culture in several ways. During 2021 it received: . . - a presentation on the Banking Standards Boord (now the· Financial Services Culture Boord) 2020 Survey Annual Report and its review of the embedding of purpose in NatWest Group; - Colleague Advisory Panel reports which provided feedback on topics discussed in meetings. These included wellbeing support for colleagues, Retail Banking strategy, purpose, remuneration and the wider workforce, climate and ways of" working;. . • _ - One Bank Transformation Programme spotlights on Organisation, Skills & Culture which covered new ways of working, colleague journeys, colleague experience, career development, skills and capability, learning, wellbeing and inclusion; - Insights from the colleague opinion surveys conducted in April and September 2021. Key measures included culture, . purpose, building capability, inclusion, engo_gement and leadership; • • - a Culture Spotlight which provided on update on work to refresh the NatWest Group's values as well as on overview of cultural strengths, behavioural weaknesses, operating model and future culture; - Culture measurement reports which included insights and metrics to allow the Boord to assess culture and understand future priorities. The reports used the Blueprint for !;letter Business framework to report progress highlighting both positive trends and areas for improvement; and - Boord Busi_nessInsights Packs which included metrics on culture, purpose and inclusion The activities described above hove supported the Boor.d in meeting the Wates Principle 1 requirement to ensure that purpose, volues, strategy and culture ore aligned, within the wider NatWest Group governance structure ..    2. Boord composition The Boord hos 13 directors comprising th!'! Chairman, two executive directors and 10 independent non-executive directors; one of whom is the Senior Independent Director. The names of the current directors and secr.etory ore shown on page 4. The Boord considers that the Chairman was independent on oppointment and that all the n·on-executive directors ore independent. Non-executive director independence and individual directors' continuing contribution to NWB Pie ore considered at leost·onnuolly. • • The Boord operates a Boardroom Inclusion Policy which reflects the most recent industry targets ond is aligned to the Inclusion Policy and Principles applying to the wider NatWest Group. The Boordroom Inclusion policy currently applies to the, Boards of NatWest Group pie, NWH Ltd·; RBS pie and NWB Pie. A copy of the Boardroom Inclusion Policy is available at notwestgroup.c6m. ·The Boardroom Inclusion Policy's objectives ensure that the Boord, and any Committee to which it delegates nomination responsibilities, follows on inclusive process when making nomination deci,sions. That includes ensuring that the nomination process is·bosed on the principles of fairness, .respect and inclusion, that all nominations and appointments ore mode .on the basis of individual competence, skills and expertise measured against identified objective criteria and that searches for Boord candidates ore conducted with due regard to the benefits of diversity and i~clusion. Throughout 2021 the Boord met the recommendation of the Porker Review with at least one member of the Boord being of Block, Asian or Minority Ethnic background and it intends to continue to meet that recommendation. .At the end of 2021 the Boord exceeded the recommendation the FTSE Women Leaders Review (formerly the Hampton-Alexander Review) of 33% female representation on the • boards), with 38% of the Boord being female. of The role of the Chairman is to lead the Boord and ensure its overall effectiveness. This is distinct and separate f~om that of the Chief Executive Officer (CEO) who manages the business doy-to-doy. All directors receive accurate, timely and clear information on all relevant matters and hove access to the advice and services of the Chief Governance Officer and Company Secretory. In· addition; all directors ore able, if necessary, to obtain independent professional advice at NWB Pie's expens 7 . The Senior Independent Director acts as a sounding board for . the Choirm_on and as on intermediary for other direc_tors when· necessary. NWH Ltd is the holding company for NatWest Group's ring-fenced operations, which include the retail, commercial and private banking businesses. A common board structure is operated such that directors of NWH Ltd ore also directors of RBS pie and" NWB Pie. Known collectively as the NWH Sub Group, the boards of these thr.ee ·entities meet concurrently. The common board structure also applied to Ulster Bonk Limited (UBL) until 29 July 2021 when a change in governance arrangements wcis implemented following a transfer of UBL's business _toNWB Pie. The Chairman, CEO and CFO remain· dii-e.ctors of UBL to facilitate certain transitional arrangements. NWB Group Annual Report and Accounts 2021 An integral port of NatWest Group's governance arrangements is the appointment of three double independent non-executive directors (DINEDs) to the Boards and Boord Committees, of the NWH Sub Group. They ore Francesco Barnes, Graham Beale and Ion Cormack. The DINEDs ore independent in two respects: (i) independent of management as non-executives; and (ii) independent of the rest of NatWest Group by virtue of their NWH Sub_Group only directorships .. The DINEDs ploy a critical· role in NatWest Group's ring-fencing governance structure, and ore responsible for exercising appropriate oversight of the independenc.e and effectiveness of the NWH Sub Group's governance arrangements, including the ability of each board to toke decisions independently. The DINEDs also hove on enhanced role in managing any conflicts which may arise between the interests of NWB Pie·and other memb.ers of NatWest Group. All NWH Sub Group directors· who ore not DINEDs ore directors of NatWest Group pie. All DINEDs attend NatWest G~oup pie Boord meetings in on observer capacity. The governance arrangements for the Boards and Boord Committees of NatWest Group pie and the NWH Sub Group hove been designed to enable NatWest Group pie to exercise appropriate oversight and to ensure that, as for as is reasonably practicable, the NWH Sub Group is able to toke decisions independently of the wider Group. The Boord·is structured to ensure that the directors provide NWB Pie with the appropriate balance of skills, experience, knowledge and diversity, as well as independence. Given the nofure of NWH Group's.businesses, experience of banking on9 fi_nonciol services is clearly of benefit and the Boord hos a number of directors with !;Ubstontiol experience in those areas. In December the Nominations Committee reviewed, and the Boord approved, a refreshed version of the NatWest Group pie and_NWH Sub Group Boord skills m·otrix. The Boord skills matrix reflects directors' self-assessment of the skills on_dexperience they bring to Boord discussions, in line ·with, pre-determined criteria aligned to current and future strategic priorities, including CEO/senior executive management; CFO/accountancy; Retail, Commercial and Private Banking; Financial Markets and lnv_estment Banking; Environmental, Social cind Governance (including climate); Customer Experience; Technology (infrastructure, cyber); Digital and lnnovcition; Transformation; Government/ regulatory I public sector; Risk Management and Brood Fin'onciol Service.s. The Boord skills motr.ix will continue to be· considered by the Nominations Committee and the Boord, at least once a year. • Boord Committees also comprise directors with a variety of skills and experience so that no undue reliance is placed on any one individual. • The independent non-executive directors combine brood business and commercial experience with independent ·and· :objective judgment. They provide constructive challenge, strategic guidance and specialist advice to the executive directors and the executive management team and hold • management to account. The balance between non-executive and executive directors enables the Boord to provide clear and effective leadership across NWH Group's bus'iness activities and ensures no one individual or small group of individuals dominates the Board's decision-making.    The Eioord monitors the commitments of the Chairman ·and. directors and is satisfied that they are able to allocate sufficient time to enable them to discharge their duties ahd responsibilities effectively. Any additional external appointments require .prior Board approval. • Each new director receives a forma_l induction progromme an joining the Board, whi~h is co-ordinated by the Chief Governance Officer and Company Secretary and tailored_ to suit the requirements of the individual concerned. This inclu_des visits to NatWest Group's major businesses and functions and meetings with directors and senior management. Meetings with external auditors, counsel and stakeholders are also arranged as appropriate. No new directors were appointed during 202L All new directors receive a copy of the Director Handbook. The Handbook operates as a consolidated governance support monual for directors of NatWest Group pie and the NWH Sub Group, providing both new and current directors with a single source of information relevant ·to their role. It covers a range of topics including NatWest Group's corporate structure; the Board and Board Committee cip~rating model; Board policies and processes and ~ range of technical guidance on relevant matters including directors' duties,_conflicts of interest, and the UK Senior Managers and Certification Regime.- The Handbook forms part of a wider librory of reference materials available via ~ resources portal. The Board is supported in its succession planning activities, including the recruitment of non-executive directors, by the Nominations Committee, which is responsible for considering and making recommendations to the Board in respect of Board appointments. The _Nominations Committee reviews the structure, size and composition of the Board, and make_s recbmmendotions to the Board in relotion to ony necessory changes, having regard to the· overall b_alanceof skills, knowledge, experience and diversity on the Board, the length of service of the Board as a whole; and the requirement to keep membership regularly refreshed. The Nominations Committee considers Board composition and succession planning at least annually. The NatWest Group pie Group \, .Nominations and Governance Committee also app_roves all a'ppointments to the Board, reflecting NWB Pie's position as a subsidiary within NatWest Group. , Evaluation A review of the effectiveness of the Board, including the Choirman, individual directors and Board Committees, is conducted at least a_nnually. • Progress following the 2020 evaluation A number of actions were progressed during 2021 in response to _thefindings of the 2020 internal performance evaluation. In December 2021 the directors noted the progress made against the 2020 evaluation actions, which were-consistent across the NatWest Group pie and NWH Sub Group Boards and are described in more detail on page 110 of the NatWest Group 2021 Annual Report and Accounts. 2021 Performa·nce evaluation In 2021, the Board and Committee evaluation was externally facilitated ·by Independent Board Evaluatio_n (IBE). Key findings, recommendations and actions were aligned across NatWest Group pie and the NWH Sub Group and a summary of the outcomes and actions arising from the 2021 evaluation can be found on page 111 of the NatWest Group ·2021 Annual Report and Accounts. NWB Group Ann~ol Report and Accounts 2021 Implementation of the 2021 Board evaluation actions will be overseen by the Nominations Committee during 2022. The Chairman met each director individually to discuss their own-performance and continuing professional development and establish whether each director continues to contribute effectively to the company's long-term sustainable success. The Chairman also shared peer feedback provided to IBE as part of the evaluation· process. Seporately, the Senior Independent Director sought feedback on the Chairman's performance from the non-executive directors, executive directors and other key internal and external stakeholders and discussed it with the Chairman. This· included peer feedback provided to IBE by directors as part of the evaluation process. Directors .have access to a wide -range. of briefing and training sessions and other professional development opportunities. Directors undertake the training they consider necessary to assist them in carrying out their dutie·s and responsibilities. The non-executive directors discuss professional development annually with the Chairman and they participate in scheduled Board training sessions and other external sessions, as appropriate. During 2021 the Board training p'rogramme included ·dedicated sessions on operational resilience, consumer p·rotection, directors' duties in resolution, cyber security, financial crime and climate. 3. Director responsibilities All directors receive guidance on their statutory duties under the Companies Act and are· supported in the discharge of their duties by the Chief Governance Officer and Company Secretary. Each director has a role profile ·which clearly a'rticulates their responsibilities and accountabilities and any. additional regulatory responsibilities and accountabilities are set out in their statement of responsibilities. NatWest Group also produces and mainta_ins a docu_~ent called 'Our Governance' which sets out the governance, systems and controls applicable to NatWest Group pie and the NWH Sub Group. Our Governance is made available to all d_irectors and is reviewed and approved by the Board at least annually. The Directors' Conflicts of Interest policy sets out procedures ensure that the Board's management of conflicts of interest and its powers for authorising certain conflicts are _operating effectively. This includes the management of conflicts that may arise during Board decisions where the interests of NWB Pie conflict with the interests of other members of NatWest Group. to Each director is required to notify the Board 9f ony octu_al or potential situational or transactional conflict of interest and to update the Board with any changes to the facts and circumstances surrounding such conflicts. Situational conflicts can be· authorised by the Board in accordance with the Companies Act 2006 and the company's Articles of Association. The Board considers each request for authorisation on a case by case ba~is and has the power to impose conditions or limitations on any authorisation granted as part of the process. NWB Pie maintains a register of directors' interests and appointments, which is reviewed annually by the Board, and there is discussion of directors' conflicts in Board meetings, as required.    The Board The Board is the main decision-~aking forum for NWB Pie. J"he Board is collectively responsible for the long-term success of NWB Pie and the delivery of sustainable value to •its • shareholders. The Board's role is to provide leadership of NWB Pie. It monitors and maintains the consistency of._NWBPie's activities within the strategic direction of NatWest Group; it ;eviews and approves risk appetite measures (including limits and triggers) in accordance with the Risk Appetite Framevilork and it monitors performance against risk appetite for NWB Pie. It approves NWB Pie's key financial objectives and keeps the capital and liquidity positions of NWB Pie under review. The Board's terms of reference include a formal schedule of matters specifically reserved for the Board's decision and are reviewed at least annually. An internal review confirmed the Board had fulfilled its remit as set out in its terms of reference during 2021. • • The Board held eight scheduled meetings and continued to meet largely virtually during 2021. A hybrid meeting was held in July and in September the full Board was able to meet in person for the first time since t~e start of the pandemic. At each scheduled Board meeting.the directors receive reports from the Chairman, Board Committee Chairmen, CEO, CFO, Chief Risk Officer and other members of the executive management team, as appropriate. Other senior executives :attended Board meetings throughout the year to present reports to the Board. This provided the Board with an opportunity to engage directly with.management on key issues and supports succession planning. The Board and Committee paper template includes a section for authors to explain how the proposal or update aligns with NatWest Group's purpose and a separate section for , them to include an assessment of the relevant stakeholder impacts for the directors to consider. Director~ ~re mindful that it is not always possible to achieve 6n outcome which meets the requirements, needs and/or expectations of all stakeholders who are, or may be,. impacted. For decisions which are particularly challenging or complex, an additional page was introduced to the Board and Committee paper template in 2021 which pro_videsdirectors with further information to support purposeful decision making.' This additional page uses Blueprint for Better Business as a base and is aligned to NatWest Group's broader purpose framework. • Board priorities in 2021 included oversight of strategy and transformation, custome"r experience, capital management, financial crime and brand strategy. COVID-19 also remained a key area of focus for the Board, particularly the support being . provided to customers and colleagues. s·aard Committees The B~ard has established a number of Board Committees with particular responsibilities. The Audit, Risk, Performance & Remuneration, and Nominations Committees of NWH Ltd operate as committees of ea.ch of NWH Ltd, NWB Pie and RBS pie, with meetings running concurrently. These Board Committees also held delegated authorities for UBL until 29 July· 2021 when a change in governance arrangements was • implemented following a transfer of UBL's assets to NWB Pie. On tha.t date each Committee's authority for UBL was revoked The Audit Committee comprises at least three independent non-executive directors, two of whom are DINEDs. The Committee assists the Board in discharging its responsibilities in relation to the disclosure of financial affairs. NWB Group Annual Report and Accounts 2021 It also reviews accounting and financial reporting and regulatory compliance practices of NWB Pie, NWB Pie's system of standards of internal controls, and monitors NWB Pie's processes for internal audit and external audit. The Board Risk Committee comprises at least four independent non-executive directors, one of whom is the Chairman of the Audit Committee and two of whom are DINEDs. It provides oversight and _adviceto the Board in relation to current and potential future risk exposures, future risk profile, and the approval and effectiveness of NWB Pie's Risk Management Framework and (in conjunction with the Audit Committee) internal controls required to manage risk.· The Performance and Remuneration Committee (RemCo) comprises at least four independent non-e·xecutive .directors, one of whom is a DINED. It assists the NatWest Group pie Group Performance and Remun.erotion Committe.e with the oversight and implementation of'NatWest Group's remuneration policy and also considers and makes . recommendations on remuneration arrangements for. se"nior executives of NWB Pie. The Nominations Committee comprises the Chairman, Senior Independent Director and at least three further independent non-executive directors. It is responsible for assisting the Board in the formal selection and appointment of dicectors. It reviews the structure, size and composition of the Board, and membership and chairmanship of Board Committees. Executive Committee The Executive Committee comprises NWB Pie's most senior executives and supports the CEO to discliarge her individual accountabilities including matters relating to strategy, financials, capital, risk, customer and operational issues, and culture and values. 4. Opportunity and risk The role of the Board is to promote the long-term sustainable success of NWB Pie. • The Board held a strategy session with the executive management team in June 2021. Within the context of a wider discussion at NatWest Group level, this provided an opportunity for the Board to assess opportunities and risks to the futur.e success of the business, the sustainability of the business model and how its governance contributes to the delivery of its strategy.. • The Board reviews the effectiveness of the risk management and internal control systems - including the nature and extent of the risks taken in ·pursuit of strategic objectives. The Board also reviews and approves risk appetite for NWB Pie's principal • risks in accordance with the NatWest Group risk a'ppetite framework; monitors performance against risk appetite for NWB Pie; and considers any material risks and approves, as appropriate, recommended actions escalated by the Board Risk . Committee. • NWB Pie's risk strategy is infocmed and shaped by an understanding of the risk landscape including the principal risks it takes in carrying out business activities as well as tlie risks and uncertainties arising from the external economic, political and regulatory environments. NWB Pie complies with NatWest Group's risk appetite framework, which is approved annually bylhe NatWest Group pie Board. NatWest Group risk appetite is set in line with civerall strategy. • NWB Pie operates within NatWest Group's integrated risk management framework. This is centred around the embedding of a strong risk culture and is designed ·to ensure the. tools and capability are in.place to facilitate sound risk ·management and decision-making.    'During 2021, ongoing work to enhance the enterprise-wide risk management framework continued. The increasing significance . of climate risk, which is categorised as a principal risk, • remained a critical area of focus. Alignment with dimate change regulation is also reported to the NatWest Group Executive Risk Committee .and the NatWest Group Board· Risk Committee. NWB Pie also complies with the NatWest Group policy .framework. The purpos.e of the policy framework is to ensure that NatWest Group establishes and maintains policies that • adequately address the risks inheren_t in its· business·activities. Further info.rmation on the NWB Pie risk managem·ent framework including risk culture, risk governance, risk appetite; risk controls and limits, and risk identification and measurement can be found in the risk and capital management section of this report (pages 9 _to 75). • 5. Remuneration The NatWest Group remuneration policy provides a consistent po!icy across all NatWest Group companies and en·sures compliance with regulatory requirements. The remuneration policy is aligned with the business strategy, objectives, values and long~term interests of NWB Pie. The policy supports a culture where individuals are rewarded for delivering sustained performance in' line with risk appetite and for demonstrating •the right conduct cind behaviours. • Further information on the remuneration policy, pay ratios and employee shar.e p'lans c~n be found in the Directors' remuneratic:m report of the NatWest Group 2021 Annual Report arid Accounts. Gender and Ethnicity Pay Gap information can be found in the Strategic report section of the NatWest Group ·2021 Annual Report and Accounts and at natwestgroup.com, along with the steps being taken to build an inclusive and engaged workforce. 6. Stakeholder relationships and engagement In February 2021 the Boar_dapproved its annual objectives and confirmed the Board's key stakeholder groups - customers, colleagues, communities, investors, regulators ond suppliers. The Board's agenda and engagement plans were structured to enhance the Board's understanding of these st'akeholders' views and interests. This in turn has informed Board discussions • and decision-making. For furth~r information on stakehold~r engagement activities .undertaken within NatWest Group which impacted NWH Group, see pages 14 to 17 and pages 52 to 63 of the NatWest Group 2021 Annual Report and Accounts • \, RemCo reviews remuneration for executives of NWB Pie and considers reports on the wider workforce inclu'ding annual pay outcomes and diversity information. The RemCo helps to ensure that the remuneration policies, procedures a·nd practices being applied are appropriate for NWB Pie. Executive remuneration structures incentivise individuals to deliver sustainable performance based on strategic objectives for NatWest Group and the re.levant_business area. Performance is assessed against a balanced scorecard of financial and non-financial measures and variable pay is subject to deferral as well as malus and clawback provi.sions to ensure rewards are justified in the long-term. The approach to performance management provides clarity_ for colleagues on how their contribution links. to NatWest Group's purpose and colleagues set goals across a balanced scorecard of measures. NatWest Grciup continues to ensure employees are paid fa·irly for the work they do and are supported by simple and transparent pay structures in line with industry best practices. NatWest Group keeps policies and processes under review to ensure· it does so. • This clarity and·certainty on how pay is delivered is also helping to improve colleagues' financial wellbeing, which is a core priority in NatWest Group's yvellbeing plans. In the UK, NatWest Group's rates of pay continue to exceed the Living _Wage Foundation benchmarks and NatWest Group ensures employees performing the same role are paid foirly. NatWest Group ensures that colleagues have an awareness of the financial and economic factors affecting its performance through quarterly 'Results Explained' communications and . Workplace Live events with the Group CEO and Group CFO. NWB Group Annual Report and Accounts 2021 Engagement with Colleagues, Suppliers, Customers and Others For further details on the Board's· engagement with colleagues, customers, suppliers and others, and how th.ese stakeholders' interests have influenced ·Board discussions and principal decisions, see page 3 of the Strategic report which includes a section· 172(1) statement cind signposts to further information contained in the NatWest Group 2021 Annual Report and • Accounts.
