   Governance We are committed to the highest standardsof governance,ethics and integrity throughout our operations.    During 2021, the COVID-19 pandemic continued to pose significant governance challenges. These included continued restrictions on holding face-to-face Board and other meetings for much of the year, as well as difficulties associated with engaging with our stakeholders in lockdown or socially distanced scenarios. The Board recognised that these circumstances posed even greater difficulties and concerns for our employees and contractors working in operational environments, which, given the nature of our industry, often involves working in close quarters. Notwithstanding these headwinds, the Group remained committed to high standards of corporate governance. For the year ended 31 December 2021, the Company continued to apply the Wates Corporate Governance Principles for Large Companies, published by the Financial Reporting Council in 2019. The following section describes how the Company has applied the Wates Principles in 2021.    In 2021, the Group continued to providevital energy supplies to our host communities, despite the challenges faced by the ongoing pandemic. Throughout, the Groupachieved the highest standardsof corporate governance through its commitment to the Wates Principlesand stakeholder engagement. "    rinciple 1-Purpose and leadership Board activities during the year The Group's vision is to be the leading independent exploration and production company by meeting society's changing energy needs and creating value for all stakeholders. We set out our new ambition in early 2022 to store more carbon than is emitted from our operations and the use of our sold products by 2030. During the early part of 2021, the priority of the Board and the Executive Team was to ensure the longer-term success of the Group as we entered the second period of extensive international restrictions caused by the COVID-19 pandemic. The Group held virtual meetings for the extended leadership team, comprising some 150 people, to ensure a consistent understanding of the Group's purpose, strategy and developments. The Executive Team met virtually on a weekly basis to discuss safety and operational matters and continued to engage with employees via a weekly CEO blog. There were also all-company events and site visits by Directors. These and other initiatives ensured close communications throughout the year, despite COVID-19 restrictions. Recognising the increasing importance of environmental, social and governance (ESG)matters to our stakeholders (including shareholders, bondholders, host governments and employees), we made further progress in delivering our three-year ESGroadmap. For example, we started reporting our equity share emissions and completed a review of human rights in our business and supply chain. See pages 16-17 for more information. Our continuing guiding principle is to carry out all of our activities in a manner that is 'safer, faster and better' than our peer group and our own past performance. In 2021 we: • Improved our process safety event rate to 1.68 per million hours worked (2020: 2.37). There were no serious personal injuries during 2021. However, our total recordable injury rate (TRIR) increased to 2.07 per million hours worked in the year (2020: 1.43), largely as a result of relatively minor incidents in the category of slips, trips and falls. An increased training, awareness and remediation plan has been put in place. • Delivered our Pl and Duva wells on time and under budget, receiving recognition from the Norwegian government. Both wells contributed significant additional volumes to the Group's production from February and August 2021 respectively. • Progressed our Equality, Diversity and Inclusion (ED&I) charter and held events throughout the year, including our first ED&I month in November, during which internal and external speakers hosted discussions and other events aimed at increasing awareness and understanding of ED&I. ~ For more information on our Board, and that of our parent company, see pages 85 and 90. CJ While COVID-19 continued to pose governance challenges in 2021, we were, once again, well placed to respond. With state-of-the-art technological solutions, we switched between near-universal home-working for office-based members of staff to cautious reopening of offices, in line with relevant regulations and guidance. For some of the year, we adopted a hybrid approach, with Board and other meetings taking place with some participants attending in person and others virtually. The Group continued to work strictly in accordance with its management and compliance framework. During 2021, the Board of Directors met frequently before or shortly after the meetings of the Neptune Energy Group Limited (NEGL)Board and Audit and Risk Committee and held numerous ad-hoc update meetings with other members of the Executive Team and extended leadership team. The Group's HSEperformance continued to be the main item considered and reviewed by the Board and Executive Team during 2021, with particular focus on metrics that showed declining or stable performance and how those metrics could be improved. The Board also continued to monitor and adapt to the changing regulations relating to the COVID-19 pandemic and associated government measures to ensure that the Group continued to comply with relevant laws and guidance. In particular, the Board recognised the difficulties associated with offshore working and the mental health impact of prolonged periods of enforced home working, and provided support for employees facing these challenges, for example, via our Employee Assistance Programme. In addition, each of our businesses participated in performance reviews with the Executive Team and other members of the senior leadership team on two occasions in 2021. Other matters considered by the Board in 2021 included: • Assets coming into production, notably Pl, Duva and Merakes. • The Group's hedging programme and associated risks in high and low commodity price envlrohments. • The 2022 budget and business plan, including the Group's capital expenditure programme and operating expenditure. • The Group's financing arrangements, including a review of the Group's liquidity position and repayment of certain debt facilities. • Various commercial contracts, relating to the sale of commodities produced by the Group. • The Group's strategy in light of the challenges posed by the ongoing pandemic and macro environment. • The Group's ESGstrategy and the expectations of external stakeholders with regard to ESGmatters. • The Group's lower carbon opportunities and the different initiatives to be pursued by the Group, including CCSand hydrogen projects. • The impact of climate change on the Group's operations, both directly and indirectly, as a result of changes in law and societal expectations. • Various employee engagement and retention initiatives, including a review of the results of the 2020 employee engagement survey. • The 2020 Annual Report and Accounts as well as the quarterly earnings releases in 2021. • Various M&A opportunities, including projects to divest certain Norwegian and Danish assets, which were agreed during the year. • Various disputes to which members of the Group were party as well as various insurance claims. • IT and cyber security matters, particularly in light of the increasing prevalence of hacking and ransomware attacks. • Updated compliance policies and procedures including an updated Equality, Diversity and Inclusion Policy and a new Code of Conduct.    Governance continued Our governance structure r: r:ti ti!3HilllUJiff ~'qi L: CHINA INVESTMENT CORPORATION Headquartered in Beijing, China Investment Corporation (CIC) was founded in 2007, as China'ssovereign wealth fund. Neptune ownership 49.0% CARLYLE Global investment firm, with a dedicated energy vehicle, Carlyle International Energy Partners. established in 2013. Neptune ownership 30.6% eve Founded in 1981, CVCis an investment firm, with a global network of offices across Europe. the Americas and Asia Pacific. Neptune ownership 20.4% NEPTUNE ENERGY GROUP LIMITED BOARD OF DIRECTORS (parent company with shareholder representation) BOARD OF DIRECTORS A I [ AUDIT AND RISK COMMITTEE Hedging Committee liquidity Committee REMUNERATION COMMITTEE J EXECUTIVE TEAM Treasury Committee Investment Committee ESGCommittee Operational Integrity Committee Incident Management Committee ED&I Committee    rinciple 2 - Board composition The Company's Board of Directors comprises Sam Laidlaw (Executive Chairman). Pete Jones (Group Chief Executive Officer), Armand Lumens (Group Chief Financial Officer), Amanda Chilcott (Group Human Resources Director) and Andrea Guerra (Vice President, Subsurface). Biographies of the Directors are set out on pages 88-89. During 2021, we implemented our succession plan when Pete Jones succeeded Jim House as Group Chief Executive Officer on 1 January 2022, following Jim's decision to leave the Group and return home to the US. Prior to his appointment, Pete was VP Operations for the Group's European business and before that he was Managing Director of the Group's UK business. With his strong operational background, keen focus on safety and good commercial acumen, we had identified Pete in our Group succession planning process prior to Jim's decision to leave Neptune. The Board continues to work closely with the Board of its parent company, NEGL, and operates to a similar agenda of standing and extraordinary items. NEGL is the entity through which our investors own their interests in the Group. The directors of NEGL are nominated by our investors and are experienced business leaders with the skills necessary to help the business deliver its strategy. For further detail on our investors see page 90. In addition to their roles as Directors of NEGL, certain members of the NEGL Board also sit on the Audit and Risk Committee, Remuneration Committee, Liquidity Committee and Hedging Committee. The Board and the NEGL Board are supported by the Audit and Risk Committee and the Remuneration Committee. The activities of these committees are described on pages 91 and 92. The day-to-day management of the Group is delegated to the executive leadership team (the Executive Team). Audit and Risk Committee The Group's Audit and Risk Committee (ARC) consists of the members of the NEGLBoard as well as members of the Executive Team. The ARC helps the Board (and the NEGL Board) carry out governance responsibilities with respect to external audit, internal audit, risk and internal control and to oversee the integrity of the Group's financial reporting and associated narrative statements. For details of the ARC's activities in 2021, see page 91. Remuneration Committee The Group's Remuneration Committee (RemCo) consists of the members of the NEGLBoard as well as our Group Human Resources Director, with our Group CEO attending by invitation. The RemCo's primary purpose is to develop, maintain and implement remuneration policies. For details of the RemCo's activities in 2021, see page 92. Executive Team The Group is managed by the Executive Team. This consists of senior management, together with the heads of other functions and the Managing Directors of the countries in which we operate. The Executive Team meets weekly in person or by video conference. HSEis always the first agenda item but other operational matters are also discussed, such as production, exploration and projects, and overall Group performance. During the weekly meeting, the team also discusses industry developments and key emerging risks, such as cyber security matters. The Investment Committee, ESGCommittee, Operational Integrity Committee, Incident Management Committee and Hedging Committee, all comprising members of the Executive Team (and shareholder representatives in the case of the Hedging Committee), together with other members of the extended leadership team, help inform the Executive Team's decision-making processes.    Our depth and breadth of experience We have a highly committed and high-quality management team which is invested in the business, has deep experience and an excellent track record in the international energy sector.    1 2 3 7 - David Hemmings VP Business Development and Commercial 4 5 6 9 8 - Philip Lafeber VP HSEQand Technical Services 7 8 9 -Amanda Chilcott Group Human Resources Director    1- 5am Laidlaw Executive Chairman 2 - Pete Jones Chief Executive Officer 3 -Armand Lumens Chief Financial Officer 4 - Andrea Guerra VP Subsurface 5 - Julian Regan-Mears Director of Corporate Affairs 6 - Ben Walker Genera I Counsel    Seniormanagement continued 1- Sam Laidlaw Executive Chairman @GOO® Sam is a founder of Neptune Energy and became its first Chairman in 2015. He is an experienced energy industry executive, with a strong international operational track record of more than 30 years in the oil and gas sector. Previously, Sam has served as Chief Operating Officer of Hess Corporation, with responsibility for global upstream, CEO of Enterprise Oil Pie, Executive VP of Chevron Corporation and CEO of Centrica Pie. Sam has also been a member of the UK Government's Energy Advisory Panel, President of the UK Offshore Operators Association, a member of the Prime Minister's Business Advisory Group, the Senior Director for the Department of Transport and a non-executive director of both HSBCHoldings Pie and Hanson Pie. Sam is a non-executive director of Rio Tinto pie and Chairman of the National Centre for Universities and Business. 2 - Pete Jones Chief Executive Officer 0800 Pete became Neptune's CEO in January 2022 and has more than 25 years' experience in the upstream oil and gas sector. He joined Neptune in 2018 as Managing Director for the UK and was Neptune's VP Operations for Europe from October 2019. During his tenure in the UK and Europe, Pete transformed the Netherlands and Germany businesses and delivered organic and inorganic growth in Norway and the UK. He also drove an improvement in safety culture, while improving production efficiency. Pete gained a degree in engineering operational research from the University of Birmingham and joined Marathon Oil, where he spent the first 16 years of his career working in various operational, technical and functional roles across the UK and the US, before being appointed Managing Director of its UK business in 2009. He went on to become the Managing Director of TAQA Europe. During 2015 and 2016, Pete was on the Board of Oil & Gas UK and a member of the Energy Jobs Taskforce. Between 2017 and 2020, he was Honorary Professor at Aberdeen University's Business School. Keyto committeemembership 0 Audit and Risk Committee Company Director of Neptune Energy Group Midco limited 0 Environmental,Socialand GovernanceCommittee 0 Investment Committee 0 RemunerationCommittee Q Committee Chair 3 - Armand Lumens Chief Financial Officer 0800 Armand joined as CFO in December 2018. He has worked in the oil and gas sector for more than 25 years and provides Neptune with deep knowledge and experience of energy and capital markets. Before joining the company, Armand was Group CFO at Louis Dreyfus Company. Prior to this, he spent more than 20 years with Shell in various senior financial roles, including as CFO of Shell Trading and Supply. Armand is a non-executive director at Oryx Energies S.A. and V-Labs 5.A. 4 - Andrea Guerra VP Subsurface GO Andrea joined Neptune in August 2018 and has more than 20 years' international oil and gas sector experience. Her extensive knowledge combines both managerial and technical experience addressing portfolio optimisation, prospect generation and maturation, reservoir management as well as exploration, appraisal and development drilling. She directs the corporate reserve reporting function and is responsible for Neptune's global exploration portfolio. Previously she worked at Apache, with senior management responsibilities for its North Sea Reservoir Engineering division, South America New Ventures, Corporate International Planning, and Corporate Reserves and Economics. 5 - Julian Regan-Mears Director of Corporate Affairs O©O Julian joined Neptune in September 2018 and is responsible for investor relations, public affairs, media relations, internal communications and ESG. Julian has more than 15 years' experience leading international corporate communications functions, mostly in the energy and mining sectors, holding senior management positions with Centrica pie and The De Beers Group. Earlier in his career, Julian led communications for Britvic pie's listing.    None of the progress we have made to date would have been possible without a world-class management team." Sam Laidlaw Executive Chairman 6 - Ben Walker General Counsel 000 Ben joined Neptune in September 2019 from Vivo Energy pie, a pan-African fuel retailer and distributor, where he was General Counsel and Company Secretary. Prior to Vivo Energy, he held the roles of Senior Legal Counsel with Centrica pie and Associate with Slaughter and May. Ben is a qualified solicitor in England and Wales and has significant experience in the oil and gas industry. 7 - David Hemmings VP Business Development and Commercial • David joined Neptune in July 2018 with more than 20 years' experience in corporate finance in the oil and gas sector. David has a strong knowledge of capital markets in the energy sector, having advised oil majors, exploration and production companies and national oil companies on mergers and acquisitions and debt and equity financing. Previously, he was a Managing Director in the energy and power advisory group at Rothschild 8 - Philip Lafeber VP HSEQ and Technical Services 0 Philip has more than 30 years' upstream energy experience, predominantly in Europe, the Middle East and West Africa. He joined Neptune from DONG Energy, where he was Country Manager for Norway. As its UK Technical Director he led the OGA West of Shetland Task Force Work Group. At Amerada Hess, he was Global Strategic Planning Manager and Pre-Developments Manager for Europe, North Africa and Southeast Asia. He has worked in Oman for Shell International and in West Africa for Schlumberger Wireline. 9 - Amanda Chilcott Group Human Resources Director Amanda joined Neptune in December 2018 and is responsible for the development and delivery of our people strategy. She has been working in human resources for more than 20 years, and has significant specialist experience in the areas of organisation design, reward and employee relations. She has worked with Ford Motor Company, BP and Aggreko in a variety of global roles, including assignments in the UK, continental Europe, China and the US.    Neptune Energy Group Limited Directors The Board of Directors of our parent company, Neptune Energy Group Limited (NEGL), comprises Directors nominated by the Group's ultimate shareholders and is chaired by our founder, Sam Laidlaw. The Directors of the NEGL Board are respected industry leaders and provide valuable insight into management and governance matters, working closely with members of the Board and Executive Team. Sam Laidlaw (Executive Chairman): see page 88 for Sam's biography. Fang Bo (CIC nominee): Mr Fang serves as Senior Vice President in the Investment Department at CIC. He has been an investment professional in various sectors, including energy, infrastructure, telecoms, power and renewables. Mr Fang graduated from Peking University with a master's degree. Jianmin Bao (CIC nominee): Mr Bao is a member of the Executive Committee of CIC. He oversees investment projects in infrastructure, real estate, energy, oil and gas, minerals and related investment funds at CIC. Previously, he managed North American fund investments and private credit market investments in the private equity department of CIC. Before his role at CIC, Mr Bao held a variety of senior roles in China Construction Bank, the Export-Import Bank of China and HSBC. Mr Bao graduated from Shanghai Jiaotong University with a master's degree. Chenye Wang (CIC nominee): Mr Wang joined the Board in July 2021. He is a Senior Vice President within the Investment Department of CIC. Previously, Mr Wang was a Director at CLSA, where he participated in various corporate finance and principal investment transactions, and a VP with the global M&A practice at Barclays Capital. Mr Wang holds an MBA from the Kellogg School of Management and a Juris Doctor from the Northwestern University School of Law. He is a member of the New York State Bar. Marcel van Poecke (Carlyle Group nominee): With more than 25 years of experience in the energy sector, Mr van Poecke is Head and Managing Director for Carlyle International Energy Partners (CIEP). He is also Chairman of Atlaslnvest, a private holding company he founded in 2007 that is engaged in investments across the broad energy spectrum, and Chairman of ONE-Dyas, which owns and operates oil and gas assets. Mr van Poecke has a degree in agricultural business administration from the University of Wageningen and a master's in business administration from the William E. Simon School of Management of the University of Rochester, US. Robert Maguire (Carlyle Group nominee): Mr Maguire is a Managing Director and Partner at The Carlyle Group, with responsibility for Carlyle International Energy Partners, L.P.,a $2.5 billion fund focused on Europe and Africa. Mr Maguire has been active in the global energy markets for more than 35 years in a variety of senior roles at Perella Weinberg Partners, Basin Capital Partners and Morgan Stanley. He was involved in numerous significant transactions in the energy space, including mergers such as BP/Amoco, Elf/Total and Equinor/Norsk Hydro, privatisations such as Equinor, Rosneft, Gazprom and Sinopec, acquisitions such as BP/ARCOand Shell/ Enterprise and joint ventures such as TNK-BP and LUKArco. He holds an AB from Princeton University, an MA from Oxford University and a JD from the University of Virginia School of Law. James Mahoney (CVC Capital Partners nominee): Mr Mahoney is a Partner at CVC Capital Partners, a world leader in private equity and credit with $122 billion of assets under management, $165 billion of funds committed and a global network of 24 local offices. He has responsibilities in both the private equity and strategic opportunities platforms, including the firm's current investments in Neptune Energy, Ontic and Mote. Mr Mahoney has been active in the private equity industry for more than 20 years, with experience of making and managing equity investments across a range of industries and geographies. Prior to joining, Mr Mahoney was a Managing Director with lnvestcorp. He has a bachelor's degree in engineering from the University of Auckland. Principle 3 - Director responsibilities The Board meets regularly around the time of NEGL Board or ARC meetings. Members of the Board also engage on a regular basis with other members of the Executive Team, including through the weekly Executive Team meeting. In addition, the Board attended two strategic planning meetings (one of which was virtual) with all of the Executive Team in 2021. Through these lines of communication, the Board was kept updated on the Group activities, enabling the Directors to discharge their responsibilities. The Directors bring a wide range of experience to inform Board discussions and discharge those responsibilities. In keeping with best corporate governance practice, the roles of the Chair and CEO are distinct and the-functional responsibilities of the other Directors (CFO, Group Human Resources Director and VP Subsurface) ensure that there are diverse viewpoints in Board discussions. Decisions within the Group are made in accordance with the NEGL shareholders' agreement, as well as the articles of association of the Company and an approved delegation of authority standard. In reaching their decisions, the Directors considered these arrangements as well as their responsibilities under section 172 of the Companies Act 2006 (see page 78 for further information). Principle 4 - Opportunity and risk The Board seeks opportunities to enhance the Group's business in a sustainable and responsible manner while also mitigating risk to the greatest extent possible. The Group's approach to strategic opportunities and the key risks affecting the Group (and the respective mitigating actions) are set out in our Strategic report on pages 70-77. The Group continues to recognise both the risks and the opportunities associated wiJh the energy tr~n<itinn while acknowledging the continued importance of gas and oil in the energy mix in the medium term. Gas and oil prices rose significantly during 2021 and international commodity markets experienced a great deal of volatility, particularly towards the end of the year. The Group continues to believe that, together, its lower carbon intensity exploration and production business, its gas-weighted portfolio and its growing lower carbon developments, position the Group well as the energy transition accelerates. Audit and Risk Committee The Audit and Risk Committee (ARC) reports to the NEGL Board but also informs the Board. It comprises the Executive Chairman (who chairs the ARC), the other members of the NEGL Board (or their representatives), the CEO, the CFO, General Counsel, VP HSEQand Technical Services and Director of Internal Audit. The Group's Director of Corporate Affairs, Director of External Reporting, Group Financial Controller, as well as the Group's external auditor, also attend ARC meetings.    The ARC works to a standing agenda, which includes updates on reporting, technical accounting, internal controls, internal audit activities, the enterprise risk register, disputes and ethics and compliance. The ARC also provides the opportunity for the Director of Internal Audit and the Chairman to provide private feedback to ARC members and the Group's external auditors. The ARC reviewed the terms of appointment of the Group's external auditors, Ernst & Young {EV). The ARC also considered EY's report on the Group financial statements for 2020 and EY's conclusions both on financial statements and agreed audit focus areas, as well as EY's proposed materiality thresholds for reporting purposes. Financial reporting and technical accounting As in previous years, ARC meetings coincided with the Group's quarterly results reporting to its bondholders and other stakeholders. ARC meetings provided an opportunity for the results and accompanying presentations to be reviewed and challenged by committee members ahead of publication. In particular, the ARC reviewed the Group's financial statements and bondholder presentations for the six-month period ended 30 June 2021, which were also reviewed by EV. During ARC meetings, the financial reporting and technical accounting teams gave updates on the processes for preparing the financial statements and the accounting areas of judgement supporting the positions taken by the Group. This was supported by accounting review papers, for example, in relation to impairments - and reversals thereof -receivables, acquisitions and discount rates. The ARC also approved various updates to our Group Accounting Policy Manual - our key reference document for the Group's accounting policies. Risk management and internal control Committee members reviewed the Group's enterprise risk register as a standing item at each ARC meeting, as well as specifically reviewing the Group's finance risk register. COVID°-19remained a key risk throughout the year and the committee continued to monitor the pandemic and the Group's response to it carefully. The committee identified other key emerging risks during.the year, including the increasing risks associated with cyber attacks and cyber security, volatile commodity markets, climate change and regulatory change. During 2021, the Group continued to embed its internal control processes, which include a quarterly confirmation from the finance managers within the Group. In the event of any financial control incidents, these are reported to the ARC in detail. As another standing item on the ARC agenda, the Director of Internal Audit reported the activities of the internal audit function to the ARC, as well as progress on closing out identified audit actions. During 2021, these included: • Completing audits on hydrocarbon reporting, ethics and compliance, and IT. • Audits on well control management, requisition to pay, treasury and banking and information risk management. • Various ad-hoc audits, including on joint venture matters. To further strengthen the Group's assurance processes, the internal audit function recruited two new members in 2021, with an additional member joining the team in early 2022. Disputes and compliance ARC members received regular updates in relation to the disputes to which entities of the Group were party as well as updates on matters relating to the Group's ethics and compliance programme. This included updates on investigations and approval of new policies and procedures as well as training programmes for compliance matters. The ARC also approved the Group's 2020 Anti-Slavery and Human Trafficking Statement, which was subsequently approved by the Board and the NEGLBoard and published on our website. ESGCommittee In 2021, the Group's Environmental, Social and Governance (ESG) Committee consisted of the Executive Chairman, CEO, CFO, Director of Corporate Affairs, Group HSEQDirector, Group Human Resources Director, Head of ESG,Director of Internal Audit, Global Head of Ethics and Compliance, Director of New Energy, Vice President, Operations, Europe and the General Counsel. The ESGCommittee continued to implement the Group's three-year ESG roadmap and considered a range of matters, including: • Outcomes of ESGratings and the link between ESGperformance finance matters. • Matters related to climate change management and disclosures, including the reporting of Scope 3 and equity share emissions. and • Endorsement of external initiatives including the UN Global Compact and the World Bank's Zero Routine Flaring by 2030 initiative. • Outcomes from stakeholder engagement on our ESGstrategy and reporting. • Proposals to certify the Group's operated assets against ISO 14001, 50001 and 45001. • Gender diversity data and initiatives to increase female representation at senior levels within the Group. • The Group's new biodiversity strategy, and initiatives with environmental non-governmental organisations to support UN Sustainable Development Goal 14: Life below water. • The Group's sustainable procurement action plan. • Matters related to the internal assurance of non-financial information. Ethicsand compliance Maturity assessment In 2021, the Group's internal audit function, together with Deloitte, carried out a maturity assessment of Neptune Energy's ethics and compliance programme across 11 economic crime domains, with a particular focus on fraud, bribery and corruption. Each area was assessed against four criteria and below we set out the key findings: (i) top-level commitment, (ii) risk assessment, (iii) proportionate procedures, and (iv) due diligence. Top-level commitment The leadership team has strong awareness of the ethics and compliance risks that Neptune Energy faces, supported by evidence of senior management's engagement in training on a variety of ethics and compliance topics. Areas for improvement included ensuring that the Board had overall responsibility for the governance of ethics and compliance matters, and ensuring that senior management proactively communicated on ethics and compliance. Neptune ha·ssince taken action to address lhe,e dreas, including: (i) assigning responsibility for the ethics and compliance programme to the Board of Directors in our new Code of Conduct, and (ii) rolling out a bi-monthly programme of talks on ethics and compliance topics, including speaking up, conflicts of interest, bribery and corruption, the conduct of investigations and data protection. Risk assessment Neptune has conducted a high level of risk assessment in previous years. The assessment recommended that we conduct more comprehensive risk assessments, at an agreed frequency, to help the Group better assess its risk exposure. In response to these findings, we carried out a comprehensive ethics and compliance risk assessment in each country where Neptune Energy has assets, between June and October 2021. This led to a number of actions to mitigate risks, including: (i) developing a new Code of Conduct, (ii) holding a quarterly discussion forum in our North Africa and Asia Pacific countries to discuss how to raise awareness of ethics and compliance topics, (iii) revising our third-party due diligence    Directors' report continued procedures, to make them more robust, including introducing a new due diligence screening platform, run by Dow Jones, and (iv) carrying out various initiatives to raise awareness about speaking up, including a training session for employees on how investigations are conducted. Proportionate procedures The majority of the ethics and compliance domains assessed have a governing policy in place. Following the maturity assessment, we have since published additional policies, including a global Grievance Procedure, a Human Rights Policy and a Code of Conduct, which covers all of the ethics and compliance domains examined by the maturity assessment. Due diligence Neptune Energy's due diligence procedures covered many, but not all, of the 11 economic crime domains. We have since revised our due diligence procedures and introduced the new Dow Jones platform so that our due diligence now covers Neptune's key ethics and compliance risk areas. Training and communications While the assessment found a strong commitment to training and communications on ethics and compliance, it also highlighted that increased resource would help the team monitor training participation more effectively. We have since addressed this by recruiting a new member of the team, who will play a key role in monitoring compliance with training, policies and procedures. Monitoring and review While the assessment found that we have fraud and wider ethics and compliance monitoring controls in place, it also highlighted a lack of resource that prevents effective monitoring. Our new member of the ethics and compliance team will play a key role in regularly testing control effectiveness and compliance with internal requirements, such as adherence to the due diligence procedures. In addition, in April 2021 we introduced an annual certification process, requiring all employees to confirm that they have (i) read and understood our Code of Conduct, (ii) completed all ethics and compliance e-learning, and (iii) registered any conflicts of interest and/or gifts and hospitality, in the appropriate registers. Human rights and modern slavery assessment INCAS Consulting carried out an independent human rights compliance assessment of Neptune's performance against the UN Guiding Principles on Business and Human Rights (UNGPs), as well as its compliance with the UK Modern Slavery Act 2015 (MSA). INCAS mapped existing policies and due diligence processes in relation to salient human rights issues and against the UNGPs and MSA requirements. INCAS found that employee rights were addressed well in Neptune Energy's employee manuals, and that we have appropriate health and safety policies in place. However, the review highlighted that Neptune Energy's contracts with business partners did not cover the full range of human rights issues and that there was a lack of labour risk management in our supplier due diligence processes. In addition, training on human rights and modern slavery would be beneficial to ensure greater understanding across the business. INCAS also recommended putting in place a human rights policy, to give a clear statement on Neptune Energy's position. Since receiving the INCAS report, we have taken several actions including: • Publishing a Human Rights Policy. • Rolling out a new Code of Conduct, which includes enhanced sections on human rights and modern slavery, and requires business partners to adhere to the same ethical standards. • Implementing a new due diligence screening platform, where, for high-risk business partners, due diligence is carried out in respect of labour and human rights risks. • Adding a human rights and modern slavery clause in Neptune Energy's standard forms of contract. • Developing an action plan for improving post-contractual due diligence on suppliers, to assess compliance with the terms and conditions of contract, including the terms of the human rights and modern slavery clause. Promoting a speak-up culture We have encouraged people, through training and awareness sessions, to speak up if they have concerns about unethical practices. This follows the launch in October 2020 of our whistleblowing reporting tool, the Vault Platform app. In addition, as part of our ED&I month in November 2021, the CEO of Vault gave a presentation to our people on the importance of speaking up. This has led to increased awareness across the Group of the value of raising concerns and the channels available to do so. There was a slight increase in the number of concerns raised to 11 in 2021 (2020: nine). We have taken action to address the concerns raised, with 10 of the reports now closed, and one subject to ongoing investigation. Principle 5 - Remuneration The Group's Remuneration Committee (RemCo) consists of members of the NEGL Board as well as the Group Human Resources Director, with the Group CEO attending by invitation. The RemCo generally meets twice a year and on an ad-hoc basis, when required, to review and recommend matters relating to remuneration and benefits. During 2021, the Remco considered a range of issues, including: • Output from the 2020 Group scorecard for the purpose of determining the Group performance element for bonuses paid in relation to 2020. • Bonuses payable to members of the Executive Team. • Design of the 2021 scorecard. • The Group's long-term incentive plan. • Remuneration payable to employees joining or leaving the Group. • Gender pay gap and pay ratios and actions to improve further in these areas. • Market data on reward in comparable companies. The RemCo's primary purpose is to develop, maintain and implement remuneration policies. The overriding objective of these policies is to attract and retain high-calibre individuals With a compelllive, ewdI u package based on the achievement of corporate performance targets. These are linked to individual performance and accountability and are designed to support the Group's commitment to exemplary safety standards and ethical values while rewarding long-term sustainable value creation. The RemCo aims to ensure that levels of remuneration across the Group are sufficiently competitive to retain talent within the Group, as well as benchmarking our Executive Team remuneration packages. The RemCo also reviews the Group's performance against diversity and inclusion criteria, including benchmarking the Group against other industry players, while making recommendations on how to improve in these areas. Principle 6 - Stakeholders The Directors recognise the need to consider the views of stakeholders when coming to their decisions, particularly in the context of the Group's ambition to be a leading player in the energy transition through its gas-weighted portfolio and lower carbon developments. We listen to the views and concerns of our stakeholders, which inform the decisions we make - from day-to-day business-level decisions to longer-term strategic matters considered by the Board and our ultimate shareholde, s. We set out examples of how we engage with OL" kPy stakeholders on pages 34-43 and in our Section 172(1) statement on pages 78-80.
