   Statement of corporate governance arrangements Effective corporate governance is a key guideline for The Caffe Nero Group for the year ending May 2022. The Company has applied the Wates Corporate Governance Principles for Large Private Companies as its framework for disclosure regarding its corporate governance arrangements.    Principle 1 - Purpose and Leadership Caffe Nero was founded in 1997 with the purpose 'Making a Positive Difference in the Lives of the People With Whom We Come In Contact'. This principle has governed the decision making of the business since the Company was founded and still sits at its foundation. The Company aspires to be the world's leading European Coffee House Brand, but its real purpose is to make a positive difference along the way. The four key areas of focus to uphold this purpose arc: • Our own teams - The people who work for Caffe Nero by m1derstanding our values, leadership and participating in and providing ongoing training • Local communities - The customers and communities where our stores are located • Coffee farmers - The Fam1crs and communities we work with to produce our coffee beans • Humanitarian Projects - The good will projects we help fund around the world Further details of these sections can be found in the Ethics, sustainability and suppotting communities' section of the strategic report on page 5 and 6. Caffe Nero also publishes a clear behavioural code in the employee handbook which applies to all employees and also runs training and supp01t services for all employees on how to manage difficult or challenging situations in stores with customers. Principle 2 - Board Composition The CaffC Nero's Board structure consists of a Supervisory Board or Main Board. It is chaired by the Founder and Group CEO and other members include the Group CFO, the U.K. CEO and U.K. MD as well as independent financial lender representation and independent non-executives wilh wide industry experience to provide oversight. The Board meets regularly to preside over business issues, Company performance, strategic direction and future activity for the Group. The CEO and CFO each have over 20 years of experience in the coffee industty and are among the longest serving and most experienced coffee industry executives in the world. Below the Group Supervisory Board, each country has its own Executive Management Board, which oversees the management and operations of the business in the respective tenitory. The CEO of each territory is appointed by the Supervisory Board. These country operating Boards are responsible for the day to day running of the business in each country and are accountable to the Supervisory Board. Principle 3 - Director responsibility The Supervisory Board/Main Board maintains effective oversight of the Company's business with the founder and owner and has ultimate responsibility for any decisions on policy and finance. Some decisions are taken by members of the Board with specific functional knowledge and experience, but all decisions arc taken with Board a\vareness to ensure the correct safeguards and review processes arc in place. The Main Board delegates day to day management of each territory to the Executive Management Board of each country and decisions arc made with the support of the senior Group leadership team, consisting of expert department heads and subject experts. Recommendations arc made by the senior leadership team, which arc reviewed and approved by each Management Board. Each territory Management Board meets weekly (more regularly where circumstances dictate), while the Supervisory Board meets at regular intervals throughout the year. External legal advice is taken by the territory Boards and directors on key specific issues to ensure impartial and expert information is provided to help guide decision making.    Principle 4 - Opportunity and Risk Opportunities These are identified through a robust business planning process which has the senior leadership teams in each territory identify and propose strategic plans to each country's Executive Board. These annual territory business plans arc then sent to the Supervisory Board which, through discussion, aligns them with the Group's wider strategic annual, 3-year and 5-yearplans. Risk Management Directors and senior leaders are responsible for identifying potential risks within their area of responsibility. All identified risks are assessed against any possible impact on the business plan, business continuity and business success. Identified risks arc managed via a designated risk or crisis committee which reports directly to the Main Board. Key risks are documented along with response/management strategies, and these are constantly reviewed by the committee and Main Board in line with updated or changing infom1ation. Through the financial year, specific issues including Brexit and Covid-19 were identified as significant risks to the business and specific action was taken: Weekly Executive directors meetings take place to discuss and action any remaining risk from COVID-19 and to navigate the way forward. A weekly cashflow rneeting is held involving the Group CEO, Group CFO and key finance personnel within the business. The principal risks and uncertainties which are reviewed by the Main Board arc listed on pages 7 to I 0. Principle 5 - Remuneration Remuneration decisions for each territory are delegated to each country Board, with decisions taken against the relevant pay structure. Due to the impact of Covid-19 on the business, our standard renumeration review processes were suspended. This was reinstated in the FY 22 financial year. In the UK, each employee receives a twice-yearly perfo1mance review as well as an annual pay review, and an annual bonus review, which assesses an individual against personal performance and Company performance. During the Covid-19 crisis, those employees above store level in the UK were asked to take a temporary and proportionate pay reduction to help ensure the employee pool could retain their jobs and income for the duration of the crisis. This process was halted in September 2021, and since then all applicable employees are back to their original pay Principle 6 - Stakeholder relationships and Engagement Information addressing the Board's engagement with stakeholders is contained in the section 172 statement on pages 10 to 13. Principle 6 - Stakeholder relationships and Engagement Information addressing the Board's engagement with stakeholders is contained in the section 172 statement on pages IO to 13. Statement of disclosure of infonnation
