   Corporate governance statement For the year ended 31 March 2022 Scope of statement NGN is not a listed entity, but as a large private company is required to prepare a corporate governance statement under Accounting Regulations Section 7:26 of the Companies Act 2006. This statement has been prepared using most of the 'Wates Principles' to provide a clear message on the business model, future strategies and core values and of NGN. It describes how the directors have had regard to the matters set out in section 172(1)(a) to (f) of Companies Act, as listed below: • the likely consequences of any decision in the long term (approving the strategic direction and values); • the interests of the company's employees; • the desirability of the company maintaining a reputation for high standards of business conduct; • the need to foster the company's business relationships with suppliers, customers and others; • the impact of the company's operations on the community and the environment; and • the need to act fairly as between members of the company. The company is committed to pursuing leading governance practices as appropriate. Overview of the Board The Board of Northern Gas Networks Limited is comprised of eleven directors as at 31 March 2022, who are appointed by the shareholders and two of which are independent non-executive directors. All are independent of the day to day management of the company with the exception of the CEO who is a Board member and leads the company senior management team (SMT) who in turn manage the company. The Board are presented with information by the CEO and SMT to enable them to influence all the key business decisions of NGN. This arrangement ensures the shareholders are involved in making all the key business decisions through their appointed directors. Board Members The Board members who held office during the year are listed within the Directors' report. The position of the Chairman of the Board is held by A Hunter. The position of Chief Executive Officer (CEO) is held by M J Horsley. These positions are separate with a view to maintaining an effective segregation <:>fduties between management of the Board and the day to day management of the business.    P Rogerson and J Burnham are independent non-executive members of the Board.    rd Meetings The Board hold at least five scheduled meetings throughout the year. Comprehensive papers are presented to the Board both for information and approval which facilitate debate on the performance and future direction of the company. The number of Board meetings held during the year and attendees, including alternates, at the Board meetings is detailed in the Directors report. Evaluation of the Board Evaluation of the performance of the Board is conducted by virtue of their appointments being made and monitored by the shareholders. The performance of the CEO is assessed by the Board on an annual basis under the remit of the remuneration committee. The performance of each SMT member is assessed annually by the CEO as part of NGN's performance management process. Overview of the committees The Board has six committees, as listed below, to assist in the execution of its duties and to allow a detailed consideration of complex issues. All Board members are entitled to attend all committees under the terms of reference, with the minimum requirement being a quorum of at least two members from different shareholders. The attendance of the committees is also largely the same as for the Board. The audit and treasury committees are chaired by L S Chan, the risk management and compliance committees are chaired by C Tsai and the remuneration and nominations committee are chaired by A Hunter. Attendance including alternates of committees in the year is shown below: Date of Committee Audit Committee Compliance Committee Risk Management Committee Treasury Committee Remuneration Committee Nominations Committee 2021 Jun 20 6 out of 6 7 out of 7 7 out of 7 7 out pf 7 n/a n/a Sep 20 6 out of 6 7 out of 7 7 out of 7 7 out of 7 n/a n/a -Jan 21 6 out of 6 7 out of 7 7 out of 7 7 out of 7 5 out of 7 n/a 2022 Jun 21 6 out of 6 7 out of 7 7 out of 7 7 out of 7 n/a n/a Sep 21 6 out of 6 7 out of 7 7 out of 7 7 out of 7 n/a n/a Jan 22 6 out of6 7 out of 7 7 out of 7 7 out of 7 7 out of 7 n/a    Overview of the committees (continued) Audit committee The audit committee assists the Board with its responsibilities for financial reporting, maintaining an efficient system of internal control and internal and external audit processes. In addition, the committee provides an avenue for communication between internal audit, the external auditors and the Board. The activities of the committee are reported to and considered by the Board. The committee also reviews auditor independence where non-audit services are provided and the auditors confirm their independence as part of their reporting to the audit committee. Compliance committee The compliance committee assists the Board with its responsibilities to oversee compliance with obligations determined by statute, legislation, regulation (including licence obligations}, contract or agreement. This committee considers, inter alia, reports on the application of the regulatory compliance process which covers licence and network code obligations. Risk management committee The risk management committee is responsible for reviewing the risk profile of the business and oversight of risk management processes. The committee provides the Board with regular reports of activities and findings. The business has a formal risk management policy. In addition, an integrated risk management framework is in place that includes a regular review of the business risk exposures. At each meeting of the risk management committee, the high level risk register is considered including any movement in the assessment of risk or changes in measurement or relative position to each other. Treasury committee The treasury committee assists the Board in fulfilling its oversight responsibilities with respect to compliance with its treasury policy, strategy and procedure development. The committee recommends any changes or amendments as appropriate. It also ensures that management undertakes to identify, monitor and manage treasury risks in a manner consistent with co_rporatestrategy and objectives and its treasury policy. Remuneration committee The remuneration committee reviews and makes recommendations to the Board on overall remuneration policy of the company and determines the salary and bonus entitlement for the CEO, the SMT and all other company employees. The activities of the remuneration committee are reported to the Board at least annually. Nominations committee The nominations committee exists to consider potential changes to independent Board membership and to assess the performance of these Directors.    Actions and responsibilities of the Board and its committees The Board is responsible for and makes key decisions on the following areas. Approving the strategic direction and values with consideration of the likely consequences in the long term The Board is responsible to the shareholders for the strategic direction of the company in both the short and long term and seeks to balance the best interests of the company with the objective of enhancing shareholder value. The long term primary objectives which reflect the strategic value of the company have been established since acquisition in 2005, that being to be a top performing gas distribution network with regard to safety, customer satisfaction and efficiency of delivery. The Board ensure they are aware of how well the company is performing in these areas through the establishment of KPls which are reported upon at Board meetings, and the Board have linked the remuneration of the SMT to achieving Board approved targets in these areas. Each autumn the Board invites the CEO to present the performance targets of the company over the next 5 years, with reference to the strategic direction of the company. If approved the Board set these targets as the budget for the following financial year (short term objectives). The current financial year is the first of a new 5 year price control period (RIIO-GD2). The Board established a RIIO-GD2 steering group combined of employee and shareholder representation who worked together, with continued Board communication, to ensure the strategic direction and values of the Board are within the RIIO-GD2 business plan. The Board approved the existing corporate values of NGN: intellectually curious; trail blazing, heartfelt; empowered, happy and customer focus. To encourage the demonstration of these values, employee performance objectives include the demonstration of these values. Energy Futures The Board aim to steer the company so to reduce its carbon footprint and to be a key contributor to the UK's aspiration to be carbon neutral. Under the guidance of the Board the SMT have been promoting the use of Hydrogen as an alternative energy source to natural gas, which could be distributed through the existing gas infrastructure. Activity in this area during the year includes: • the continuation of the H21 research project which further develops the use of hydrogen as an alternative energy source. • in Winlaton, a village which contains 668 homes, a primary school and several small businesses, the company operates a network with a gas supply which contains a blend including up to 20% hydrogen.    ctions and responsibilities of the Board and its committees (continued) • the building of two zero emissions hydrogen homes which were opened by the Energy Minister Anne-Marie Trevelyan in July 2021, and are open to the public to visit. These houses contain hydrogen appliances and are supplied with hydrogen gas. • work commenced on the East Coast Hydrogen Project, an ambitious but realistic plan which has the potential to produce and deliver over 7GW of hydrogen energy to around forty thousand businesses and four million homes by 2030. The work done by the NGN group, along with its partners, has been fundamental to changing the view on hydrogen use as an energy source of the future, and the UK government now see hydrogen as part of the green industry revolution to put the UK on the path to reaching net zero emissions by 2050. Interests of the company's employees including evaluating the performance and remuneration of employees The Board has fully encouraged the SMT to make NGN an employer of choice and supports the decisions made by the SMT with regard to employee engagement and evaluation. The Board and SMT place considerable value on the involvement of its employees and has continued to keep them informed on matters affecting them as employees. This is achieved through various communications including: the CEO's call which are live teleconference broad-casts and include a question and answer section, and are available to be listened to in all offices and depots; regular business chats where groups gather and discuss what is occurring in the business and has SMT representation; email and letter communication when formal communication is needed. Some employees are eligible to receive an annual bonus related to the overall financial and operational performance of the NGN group along with individual performance against set objectives. Other employees receive monthly incentive payments based on performance against operational efficiency, safety and customer targets. Employees are encouraged to influence their own working environment, and are able to present changes in working practices, subject to meeting the desired company criteria over customer, safety and efficiency targets. The overall control environment of the company to protect the shareholders' investment and manage risk The Board expect the SMT of the company to develop and maintain a control environment which protects the company's assets. The Board ensure this is achieved through several processes including the establishment of a risk register which is reported to the Board three times a year via the risk management committee. This register quantifies the impact of risks facing NGN, both on a financial and non-financial basis, and documents the likelihood of the risk occurring, along with the controls which exist to mitigate the risk .. The Board have established an internal audit function which undertakes independent appraisals and provides assurance on the adequacy and effectiveness of business controls. All internal audit work is carried out according to the relevant best practice standards. The schedule of work carried out by internal audit is planned and Board approved so that key or higher risk areas are reviewed on a recurring basis, and all findings are reported by internal audit to the audit committee.    Actions and responsibilities of the Board and its committees (continued) In the prior year the Board approved the establishment of a data governance team, whose focus is ensuring assurance over the accurate capture and reporting of data to third parties, ensuring a further layer of control. Some of the key controls of the company are those surrounding the financial processes of the company and the Board request a summary of all such financial controls to be documented each year in a document call the Directors Questionnaire. This document is signed by the SMT and is representation to the Board that the SMT have maintained a suitable financial control environment throughout the period, which supports the financial st~tements for that year. The Board also request the internal and external auditors to review the Directors Questionnaire, so to ensure the document is a true reflection of the control environment in place. An area of focus which is of growing interest to the Board is cyber security. The SMT have developed a cyber security resilience road map, which involves 34 projects across the RIIO-GD2 period, with funding of £14m. The plan, which amongst other things will be enhancing the groups operational technology security operations centre (OT SOC), will ensure the NGN group exceeds the growing legislative requirements, as set by the UK Cyber Security Council. Maintaining a reputation for high standards of business conduct The company is trusted by stakeholders and has a good reputation for high standards of professionalism. As part of this the Board look for a strong control environment which is managed through the SMT as detailed in the section above (see 'the overall control environment of the company, to protect the shareholders' investment and manage risk'). As noted in that section the Board review NGN's risk register which includes a quantification of non-financial risks, one of which is reputational risk, which covers the impact of changes in business standards. The reputation of the company is maintained by the behaviour of its employees and so the Board have approved a code of conduct which is a guide to the professional standards expected of employees. Fraud policies and whistleblowing policies also exist to protect the reputation of NGN, should any detrimental employee behaviour exist. Suitable recruitment practices exist to minimise this risk. Maintaining relationships with key suppliers customers and other Under the delegated authority of the Board the SMT has established a dedicated commercial services team covering • all elements of procurement and supplier relations. All contracts are signed off by members of the SMT having first heen reviewed by the NGN legal department and having agreed terms with the supplier. Within the commercial services team there is a dedicated contract management function which supports in pre-contract activity and also post-contract work including the review of variations, again to ensure a strong relationship with suppliers. NGN seek to treat all suppliers fairly. Consideration of the potential impact of Brexit on the business, through the transition period and beyond has been assessed.    Actions and responsibilities of the Board and its committees (continued) The SMT have taken a comprehensive review of all trade agreements to ensure compliance with the EU-UK Trade and Cooperation Agreement, and to ensure that no continuity issues occur with regard to essential supplies. • The Board are focused on maintaining strong relationships with NGN's customers to ensure this is to the benefit of both parties. NGN's primary customers are shippers, who transport gas through the network, and the communities (both businesses and residents) in which NGN work. Shipper relationships are managed through the application of Unified Network Code, the regulations established by Ofgem, and this regulation ensures fair working practice is maintained. The impact of NGN's work on community customers is important to the Board and NGN not only monitor feedback through customer feedback scores, but also spend time engaging with communities to understand how NGN could work differently to the benefit of such communities (see next section, 'monitoring the impact of the company: environmental matters and community impact'). Monitoring the impact of the company: environmental matters and community impact During the year the SMT launched a new People and Planet Strategy, to further develop the sustainability work completed by NGN so as to tackle the short and long term challenges facing the business, the society in which NGN operates, and the planet. Example of challenges established within this strategy include: the eradication of inequality in our work force; supporting wellbeing; increasing diversity to reflect the community that we serve; decarbonizing and progression toward zero emissions. To help with the delivery of sustainability matters, NGN completed two reviews during the year. A review of governance was completed by its shareholders, with the following actions agreed within 2022: the establishment of a sustainability working group that meets quarterly, with terms of reference that define the purpose, scope, role and responsibility of this group; the publishing of NGN's sustainability policy on NGN's website; and the establishment of a sustainability risk register to identify potential issues. The second review was completed by the third party Business in the Community, who assessed NGN's commitment to sustainability using their 'Responsible Business Tracker' tool. This tool assesses a company's commitment to societal and environmental matters aligned to the United Nations Sustainable Development Goals, and delivers benchmarking feedback to facilitate future improvement. The assessment scored NGN at 74%, compared to a cohort average of 47%, and highlighted the following strengths: embedded sustainability values within policies, processes and strategies; having specified sustainability targets within the core business; rigorous, inclusive and diverse stakeholder engagement and community involvement; strong governance around climate related strategies; a focused approach to colleague wellbeing; a leading practice social mobility strategy; and an excellent strategy to nature stewardship. Areas highlighted as requiring focus, which the group will aim to target, included: alignment of sustainability objectives within NGN's purpose statement; the further linking of sustainability targets to remuneration; consideration of board level diversity; adoption of the guidance provided by the Task Force on Climate-Related Financial Disclosure; building on the investment in colleague wellbeing actions through the establishment of a wellbeing risk register; and supporting nature stewardship strategies through senior sponsorship.    Actions and responsibilities of the Board and its committees (continued) As well as establishing a strategy, and undertaking reviews to improve governance and process, NGN has taken significant actions this year which address objectives, which include: • Reduction of scope 1 & 2 carbon emissions compared to prior year. • The repex replacement program has delivered an additional 500km of plastic pipe, replacing old metal pipe meaning less leakage. • NGN generate circa 200,000 tonnes of excavation spoil each year and have achieved the set target of sending no more than 13,000 tonnes of this to landfill. • Working with a specialist third party to establish colleague communities . to encourage inclusion within the workforce, leading to initiatives such as 'faith bank holiday' swapping. • Commitment to improving local social mobility where needed, focusing opportunities to those who are struggling to find employment. • Community education on how 'better use of energy' and carbon monoxide. . In addition to the above, NGN is a leading figure in pushing hydrogen as a zero emissions energy of the future, as detailed above. Dividend payments All dividend declarations are required to be recommended by the CEO in the first instance, and then approved by the Board prior to any payment. Maintenance of the need to act fairly between members of the company The Board is comprised of directors who are appointed by the shareholders of the group. As such each shareholder has representation and the ability to contribute to all Board meetings and so influence the decisions made by the Board. The shareholder agreement in place for NGN is a legal entitlement for each shareholder to have this representation and as such the shareholders are appropriately protected.
