   CrrTic8l rma1[ti)~S ~ rnrrcrr(0)cdJl\11<efc (0)[ti) As a private company with NWL's ownership structure, we believe it is consistent with good corporate governance for there to be significant shareholder representation on the Board, including the Chairmanship. We also accept that there needs to be an appropriate balance. As I explain at page 68, we have taken the opportunity to continue to refresh the Board this year. We have five newly appointed INEDs, and four further Non-Executive Directors (NEDs), including me as Chairman, which makes INEDs the largest single group on the Board. Alan Bryce, who joined the Board in April 2021, has also assumed the role of Senior INED following the departure of Paul Rew in November 2021. The Board recognises that it is a privilege to be entrusted with providing essential services to millions of customers in NWL's operating areas each and every day. With this, comes a series of important responsibilities to our communities and the environment, as well as the opportunity to contribute positively to them. We are a large employer in our operating regions, a buyer of goods and services, and have significant influence as an 'anchor institution'. In 2019 Ofwat prescribed four new objectives (the 2019 Objectives) which it expects us to meet. These are set out on pages 73 to 80, where we have also explained how we meet them. The Board has agreed that it would also be appropriate to report compliance with the Wates Corporate Governance Principles for Large Private Companies (the Wates Principles), and that our standards of corporate governance should remain at least as high as in previous years and higher wherever appropriate. 65 I GovernanceRe.port The INEDs play a very significant role in the functioning of the Company and are instrumental in all aspects of the Board's work, taking a leading role on the various Committees, which the Board relies on. The Committees are effectively led by the INEDs (within agreed parameters) and handle a significant volume of important work and present options and proposals to the Board. The INEDs are highly experienced, capable and independently minded people with a diverse range of relevant experience and talents. Working with the other NEDs, they scrutinise the performance of management in meeting agreed goals and objectives and monitor the reporting of performance. We believe our current governance arrangements, with strong INED leadership, ensure that there is always sufficient independent membership and judgement on the Board, further supporting the Board and its Committees in making high quality decisions that address diverse customer and stakeholder needs. The Board functions as an integrated whole. All Directors have the same legal responsibilities and each Director understands his or her individual responsibility to act in the best interests of the Company, as well as the importance of the service provided to our customers and our environmental responsibilities. All Directors play a full part in Board meetings and shape the Company's strategy, as well as ensuring that customers' interests are fully considered in any investment and operational decisions. Tt1ecomposition of the Board ensures a sound balance of experience, knowledge and independence and that decision making is not dominated by any single group.    Alan Bryce, our Senior INED, sets out in his report (on page 67) how the INEDs are fully involved in all the main aspects of NWL's governance and, throughout the year, were invited to all the Board meetings of our holding company, NWGL (except in relation to NHH retail business). In practice, the Company complies with the 2019 Ofwat Objectives and, with very few exceptions, the supporting Provisions. The effective arrangements, which the Board and its Committees have in place to ensure such compliance, are explained in some detail below in the Corporate Governance Report (on pages 68 to 88).    ~® [(i)□ (0)rr~ ITT)cdJ® ~® rn1cdJ® rnr(t u\n(0)rri1[E}{ ® ~ lU]1t□ ~ ® [Q)□ rr<e~lt(Q)rr~ s lRs® ~ (0)rt C2 Although the INEDs are not members of the NWGL Board, we have again been present at its Board meetings this year, which has continued to encourage a cohesive approach at both Boards and given us full transparency. However, in order to maintain proper governance in relation to the NHH market (the "level playing field") we have not received papers relating to the NHH retail market or been present when that has been under discussion As Senior Independent Non-Executive Director (SINED) I am pleased to be able to describe the continuing role of NWL's IN EDs, and the key role played by the INEDs in the Board Committees and Sub-committees. I am happy to endorse the Chairman's explanation of the key role which the INEDs continue to play in NWL's governance, assurance and decision making. Fellow INED Richard Sexton chairs the Audit Committee (AC) and the R&CSC. As and when required, the Board constitutes a sub-group of members, including INEDs, to conduct detailed work on specific areas and to scrutinise and inform recommendations made to the full Board, chaired by me or by a fellow INED. INEDs sit on all sub-groups and committees and are in the majority on the AC, the R&CSC, the Remuneration Committee and the Nomination Committee. We are therefore fully involved in all the main aspects of NWL's governance and the Board is satisfied that this enables it to ensure that sound governance is maintained. That involvement has been undiminished in the last year despite the pandemic, albeit meetings have been virtual rather than physical. 67 I Governance Report The INEDs have again all taken part in extensive sessions with management on business risk and customer service, have met from time to time without management or the other Directors being present (with and without the Company's auditors) and attended the limited number of other events relating to the water sector includin_gnon executive director events hosted by Ofwat. Beyond the formal work of the Board and its various committees, we have also continued to develop a broader insight into the work of the Company through other meetings and events, although the scope for these has been reduced over the last year by the impacts of the pandemic. In conclusion, I and the other INEDs believe that the Board and Committees have sufficient independent membership. I am confident that the new team of INEDs will, through their leading role in the Committees, continue to exert significant influence in setting the direction which the Board takes in all key areas of strategy and business planning, monitoring, governance and reporting.    CC rr~© rra1  (0) it® (0) it® ~ (0)~ ® rrrroairn1cc® Board Membership ., 1 •.,.,;.' ..., A J Hunter (Non-Executive Chairman) joined the Board in October 2011. Mr Hunter is g:u:h~~~:~~~dD~~~~o; ~~ng Kong Stock Exchange and is a substantial shareholder in the Group.Mr Hunteris an Executive Director of Power Assets Holdings Limited, a listed company. He has been an Executive Director of CKI since December 2006 and Deputy Managing Director since May 2010. Mr Hunter acted as the Chief Operating Officer of CKI from December 2006 to May 2010. Prior to his appointment to the board of Power Assets Holdings Limited in 1999, Mr Hunter was Finance Director of the Hutchison Property Group. He holds a Master of Arts degree, a Master's degree in Business Administration and is a member of the Institute of Chartered Accountants of Scotland and of the Hong Kong Institute of Certified Public Accountants. Mr Hunter chairs the Remuneration and Nomination Committees. ~1;~} • -LS Chan (Non-Executive Director) joined the Board in 2016, having been appointed by Cheung Kong (Holdings) Limited (CKH), and has been an Executive Director of CKI since January 2011 and Chief Financial Officer of CKI since January 2006. Mr Chan joined Hutchison Whampoa Limited, which is a substantial shareholder of CKI, in January 1992 and has been with the Cheung Kong Group since May 1994. Mr Chan is a fellow of the Hong Kong Institute of Certified Public Accountants, a fellow of the Association of Chartered Certified Accountants and also a member of the Institute of Certified Management Accountants (Australia). He is a member of the AC. Key strengths: Finance, infrastructure and corporate overview. Key strengths: Leadership, strategic overview, finance and infrastructure. A Bryce (Senior Independent Non-Executive Director) joined the Board in April 2021. Mr Bryce was, until 2009, Managing Director of ScottishPower Energy Networks, and before that Managing Director of ScottishPower Generation. He is a Non-Executive Director of Northern Ireland Electricity Networks and of Jersey Electricity pie. He was formerly a Non-Executive director of Scottish Water until 2018, lnfinis Energy pie, and Chair of Viking Energy Shetland. As an advisor in the utilities industry, Mr Bryce served on Ofgem's Network Innovation Competition Expert Panel and the RIIO-2 Customer Challenge Group. He is a member of the AC, R&CSC and Remuneration and Nomination Committees and will have a special focus on the Company's workforce and culture and its activities in the north east of England. Key strengths: Utilities, engineering and asset management and strategy. 68 I GovernanceReport H L Kam (Non-Executive Director) joined the Board in October 2011 , having been appointed by CKH, a wholly-owned subsidiary of CK Hutchison Holdings Limited of which he is the Deputy Managing Director. Mr Kam is also Group Managing Director of CKI, a position he has held since its incorporation in May 1996. He is the Deputy Managing Director of CK Asset Holdings Ltd., President of CK Life Sciences lnt'I. (Holdings) Inc., as well as Chairman of Hui Xian Asset Management Limited, which manages Hui Xian Real Estate Investment Trust, a listed real estate investment trust. Mr Kam holds a Bachelor of Science degree in Engineering and a Master's degree in Business Administration. Key strengths: Leadership, strategic overview, finance and infrastructure.    D N Macrae (Non-Executive Director) joined the Board in October 2011 , and represents CK Infrastructure Holdings Limited, where he holds the position of Head of International Business. Mr Macrae has many years' experience in the infrastructure investment field and holds a Bachelor's and a Master's degree in Philosophy, Politics & Economics. He is a member of the Remuneration Committee and Nomination Committee. -_,__F•HHiMiMl§lfijij ______ F_IN_A_N_c_I_A_L_STATEMENTS : ~l,c l'' l'' ~ Prof McGlade was a Board Member of the Environment Agency England and Wales from 1998-2003, and in 2020 was appointed a member of Essex County Council's Climate Action Commission. She is a member of the AC and R&CSC and will have a special focus on the Company's environmental performance and its activities in Essex and Suffolk. Key strengths: Water and climate sciences, environmental technologies and R&D, conservation and environmental policy. Key strengths: Finance, infrastructure and corporate overview. Prof J McGlade (Independent Non-Executive Director) joined the Board in July 2021. A . natural scientist (aquatic sciences, biochemistry, ichthyology, informatics and soil science) by training, Prof McGlade is qualified in both the UK and Canada and is recognised globally as a leading researcher in the fields of ecosystem and human health, climate change, natural capital and dynamical systems modelling. Prof McGlade is currently at University College London and Strathmore Business School. Prior to this, she was appointed as UN Environment Chief Scientist and Global Director of Science 2013-2017 and Executive Director of the European Environment Agency 2003-2013, where she was responsible for 32 EU, EEA and Associate member states' data, reporting and assessment on the environment and major sectors. Earlier posts include Director of UK Natural Environment Research Council Centre for Coastal and Marine Science, Professor at Warwick University, and Director Ecosystems Modelling Institute German Federal Government, and Senior Research Scientist Federal Government of Canada. 69 I Governance Report H Mottram (CEO)joined the Board in 2010, when she was appointed as CEO of NWL and NWGL. Ms Mottram is a Non-Executive Director of Centrica pie, Vice-Chair of the North East Local Enterprise Newcastle University Council. Ms Mottram was named North East Business Executive of the Year in 2017 recognising her significant contribution to business in the north east of England. She was awarded an OBE in 2010 for services to the rail industry and a CBE in 2018 for services to the water industry and business community. · 11111 Key strengths: Leadership, corporate overview, infrastructure and customer service.    C Rosewell (Independent Non-Executive Director) joined the Board in April 2021. Ms Rosewell is an economist by background, with a track record in advising public and private sector clients on key strategic issues. She is a Commissioner for the National Infrastructure Commission in the UK, Chair of Atom Bank and of the M6 Toll Company and a founder and Senior Adviser of Volterra Partners. Ms Rosewell has been Senior Independent Director for Network Rail, Chair of Risk for Ulster Bank and Chief Economic Adviser to the Greater London Authority. Ms Rosewell was appointed CBE in December 2018 and is also a Fellow of the Institution of Civil Engineers, the Academy of Social Science and the Society of Professional Economists. She writes on finance, risk and uncertainty as well as infrastructure and modelling validation. Ms Rosewell is a member of the AC, R&CSC and Remuneration and Nomination Committees and will have a special focus on the Company's activities in the north east of England. Key strengths: Strategic leadership, economics, risk and infrastructure R G Sexton (Independent Non-Executive Director)joined the Board in April 2021. Mr Sexton is a Fellow of the Institute of Chartered Accountants and was a partner in PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP (PwC) from 1992 until 2018, where he was lead partner on a diverse range of FTSE 100 and Fortune 500 clients. He also held a number of senior management roles in PwC including Vice Chairman, Global Assurance from 2013 to 2018. Mr Sexton became Co-Chair of the Value Reporting Foundation in June 2021 and was a Non-Executive Director of the International Integrated Reporting Council until June 2021. In February 2022, Mr Sexton joined the Board of Our Future Health and sits on the Nomination and Remuneration Committees and is Chair of the Audit and Risk Committee. He is Chair of the AC and R&CSC and will have a special focus on the Company's activities in Essex and Suffolk. Key strengths: Finance, risk and corporate governance. 70 I GovernanceReport P Vicary-Smith (Independent Non-Executive Director) joined the Board in July 2021. Mr Vicary-Smith was for 14 years the Chief Executive of the consumer organisation Which?. Prior to that his background was in marketing, and included roles as a strategy consultant at McKinsey, leading fundraising for Oxfam, and as Commercial Director at Cancer Research UK. He is Chair of Oxford Brookes University and advises both established companies and digital start-ups on engaging with their customers and putting their customers' needs front and centre of decision-making. Mr Vicary-Smith is a member of the Institute of Chartered Accountants of England and Wales' Corporate Governance Committee. He is a member of the AC, R&CSC and Remuneration and Nomination Committees and will have a special focus on the Company's customers. Key strengths: Customer engagement, strategy and corporate governance.    Members of the Board and attendance at Board meetings There were five scheduled meetings during the year ended 31 March 2022 and two shorter additional meetings. The Board considered this sufficient to enable it to discharge its duties effectively, and will meet out of the agreed cycle for time-critical matters or significant matters that arise as necessary. Membership of the Board and attendance at the five scheduled meetings during the year were as follows (except as stated the Directors served for the whole of the year ended 31 March 2022): Name Attendance A J Hunter 5 AA Bryce (appointed 14 April 2021) 5 LS Chan 5 M Fay (retired 31 May 2021) HLKam 4 Dr S Lyster (retired 31 May 2021) 1 D N Macrae 5 J M MCGiade (appointed 14 July 2021) 4 H Mottram 5 MAB Negre (retired 31 July 2021) 2 P Rew (retired 22 November2021) 4 BC Rosewell (appointed 14 April 2021) 5 R G Sexton (appointed 14 April 2021) 5 P D Vicary-Smith (appointed 14 July 2021) 4 71 I Governance Report Attendance at the two additional Board meetings held during the year was as follows: Name A J Hunter Attendance 2 AA Bryce LS Chan 2 M Fay 2 H LKam Dr S Lyster 2 D N Macrae 2 H Mottram 2 MAB Negre 2 PRew 2 BC Rosewell    R G Sexton    Corporate Governance Statement The Boards of the Company and its holding company, NWGL, are committed to high standards of corporate governance. Ofwat has now embedded the 2019 Ofwat Objectives in the Company's Licence, to ensure that governance is sound and that the Company's Directors, acting as such, act independently of parent companies. The arrangements and functioning of the Board, its Committees, Sub-committees and Sub-groups adhere to the Wates Principles and the 2019 Ofwat Objectives, with the latter being subject to the minor exceptions explained below. As set out above, at the 31 March 2022, and at the date of this Report, there were five INEDs, a further four NEDs, including the Chairman, and one Executive Director (being the CEO). Accordingly, the INEDs constitute the largest single group on the Board. The Chairman ensures that the Board works in a collegiate way, in the best interests of the Company and its stakeholders, and that each Director has an equal voice. All members of the Board are content that the balance of the Board is appropriate. The Directors have all been able to allocate sufficient time to the Company to discharge their responsibilities effectively. 72 I Governance Report As the Chairman says in his introduction (on pages 65 to 66), the INEDs, within agreed parameters, effectively lead the work of the Committees, which hold very full meetings with considerable workloads, to prepare the ground for the Board. There is a clear division of responsibilities between the Chairman and CEO. This has been set out in writing and agreed by the Board. Directors' and Officers' liability insurance cover for the benefit of all Directors of the Company is in place. In addition, NWGL entered into a Deed of Indemnity on 21 March 2017 to provide Directors of NWGL and its subsidiaries further protection against potential liability.    Board Leadership, Transparency and Governance The 2019 Ofwat objectives (and supporting provisions) We explain below how we meet the Objectives and supporting Provisions on board leadership, transparency and governance as published by Otwat in January 2019. Objective 1 The Board of the Appointee establishes the company's purpose, strategy and values, and is satisfied that these and its culture reflect the needs of all those it serves. Our comments below on compliance with the relevant supporting Provisions explain how the Company meets this Objective: (i) The Board develops and promotes the Company's purpose in consultation with a wide range of stakeholders and reflecting its role as a provider of an essential public service. The updated Our Purpose statement (set out on page 1 2) has been informed by a very extensive research and consultation exercise (supported by BITC) and a number of workshops. The enhanced statement captures how we care for the essential needs of our communities and the environment, now and in the future, and the positive difference we make by investing over the long term to create a sustainable and resilient business. There is a comprehensive and continuous programme of engagement with customers and full details are set out in the Company's APR. This open and consultative culture is a key element of how the Company does business. It is also maintained through a very broad programme of engagement, including regular engagement at Chief Executive level with local authorities across our operating areas, and participation in regional and national business organisations. The Company also hosts site visits by MPs, civil servants, and senior regulators to encourage open and transparent debate about the challenges faced by the sector and to enable the Company to understand their respective concerns and priorities. This programme of engagement will be re-invigorated as and when the lockdown eases. 73 I Governance Re.port (ii) The Board makes sure that the Company's strategy, values and culture are consistent with its purpose. The Board has reviewed and discussed the Company's strategy, values and culture and is satisfied that these are consistent with the enhanced purpose. The Board recognises that the Company's strategy needs to reflect the purpose, as well as customers' long-term priorities and to take account of Otwat's emphasis on public value. The Our Purpose statement is therefore underpinned by key principles which demonstrate that NWL: • Provides a reliable, resilient, safe and high-quality water and wastewater service for all; • Intends to leave the environment in a better condition for the next generation; • Is committed to keeping water affordable including for those on low incomes; and • Acts in the long-term interests of society and the environment while still providing the very best service for customers today.    i) The Board monitors and assesses values and culture to satisfy itself that behaviour throughout the business is aligned with the Company's purpose. Where it finds misalignment it takes corrective action. (a) The Board has received and discussed detailed feedback on an extensive employee engagement survey conducted by "Best Companies". This provided a comprehensive insight into the alignment of behaviour throughout the business with the purpose. The survey findings were very positive, but there are always areas where there is scope to improve engagement. Line managers are again being supported to develop action plans to further improve engagement and ensure alignment of behaviour with the purpose. Engagement will be re-assessed later in the year to measure the improvement achieved and identify any further steps required. (b) Although the entire Board will engage closely with the workforce, it has designated the Senior INED, Alan Bryce, to have a special focus on our people and the culture of the business. (c) The Human Resources team keeps Company policies and procedures under review to ensure that these properly reflect the Company purpose and to embed it where this is appropriate. 74 I Governance Re.port (iv) Annual reporting explains the Board's activities and any corrective action taken. It also includes an annual statement from the Board focusing on how the Company has set its aspirations and performed for all those it serves. The Board receives detailed reports from the Executive Directors in advance of Board meetings, covering each aspect of the Company's activities. The Chairman leads the Board and ensures that all items on the Board agendas are discussed openly and that all Directors have an opportunity to express their views. He encourages constructive challenge, so that ideas and proposals are tested and explored fully. The Board recognises that customers' interests are best served when the Company is flexible and innovative, so the ELTis always encouraged to think laterally and consider a range of solutions for each issue. The Board makes key strategic decisions, approves the annual budget and notes the medium-term business plans. It also approves key regulatory submissions and very significant investments or expenditure which is not in the normal course of business. Investments which form part of projects within approved business plans are authorised by the Committees below Board level. Although this formal framework is very effective, the ELT takes great care to ensure that matters which relate to the quality of the Company's services to customers, leakage, water quality and environmental performance are discussed fully by the Board.The Standing or Executive Committees can take decisions not delegated to specific committees between Board meetings. All Directors receive notice of Standing Committee meetings and may participate if they wish. Decisions taken by the Standing or Executive Committees are reported at the next Board meeting. The Company's Board meets at least five times each year.    During the year, the Board received regular detailed updates from the Executive Director and members of the ELTon each aspect of the Company's work. There are also regular reports on each Board agenda on customer service, operational performance, health and safety, management of key business risks, the investment programme and regulatory matters. A safety update is provided at the commencement of every Board meeting There is a strong focus on the Company's success in delivering its key outcomes, as explained in the Strategic Report. The Chairman of the AC, R&CSC and Sub-groups reports fully to the Board on their work. In addition, the following significant matters were considered by the Board, as a matter of sound governance: (a) The Annual Report and Financial Statements; (b) The annual business plan; (c) Data security; (d) Decisions on tariffs; (e) Approval of several significant capital projects; (f) Review of performance commitment targets and related investment priorities; (g) Cyber security; (h) Environmental impact; (i) COVID-19; and (j) PR24 preparation A Board statement as detailed above is included in NWL's APR for the year ended 31 March 2022.    bjective 2 The Appointee has an effective Board with full responsibility for all aspects of the Appointee's business for the long term. NWL clearly meets this Objective. The Board sets, implements and supports the Company's vision, values, standards and strategy and ensures compliance with policies and legal and regulatory obligations. We comment below on compliance with the relevant objectives: (i) The regulated company sets out any matters that are reserved to shareholders or parent companies (where applicable) and explains how these are consistent with the board of the regulated company having full responsibility for all aspects of the regulated company's business, including the freedom to set, and accountability for, all aspects of the regulated company's strategy. Although proper regard is given to the interests of shareholders, in accordance with company law, NWL's Board has full responsibility for all aspects of the Company's business, including the freedom to set, and accountability for, all aspects of NWL's strategy. This is evidenced by the fact that the PR19 Business Plan was developed and approved entirely by the NWL Board. The Company has adopted terms of reference which set out the matters reserved to the Board for approval and matters which are, or can be, delegated to the Committees, Sub-committees, Sub-groups and management. These are published on the Company's website. The Company has also adopted financial approval rules which set out the authorisation processes and financial limits to be applied to financial transactions within the Company. The terms of reference and financial approval rules are reviewed periodically by the Board. 76 I Governance Report Although certain limited matters (such as extensions of directors' appointments, large contract awards and significant borrowing arrangements) are referred to the NWGL Board, this is regarded as a formality. The NWGL Board accepts that the NWL Board is required to have full responsibility for all aspects of the regulated company's business and, to that end, has never rejected a recommendation of the NWL Board. (ii) Board committees, including but not limited to audit, remuneration and nomination committees, report into the board of the regulated company, with final decisions made at the level of the regulated company. All the NWL Board Committees report into the NWL Board and final decisions are made at that level. (iii) The board of the regulated company is fully focused on the activities of the regulated company; takes action to identify and manage conflicts of interest, including those resulting from significant shareholdings; and ensures that the influence of third parties does not compromise or override independent Judgement. The Board is absolutely focused on the sustainable, long-term success of NWL. Any conflicts of interest are declared and Directors do not speak or vote on matters where a potential conflict arises. It is a key principle of the Cheung Kong group of companies that the boards of companies within the group manage their own affairs. Whilst support and assistance is provided when asked for, it is recognised that local management have hands-on knowledge of the operational business and of customers' needs and priorities. The non-NWL interests of the shareholders are, therefore, never a factor in decision-making at the NWL Board and this approach is regularly re-affirmed by the NEDs in the clearest possible terms.    Objective 3 The Board of the Appointee's leadership and approach to transpurency and governance engenders trust in the Appointee and ensures accountability for their actions. Our comments below on the relevant supporting provisions explain how the Company meets this Objective. The provisions require publication of the following in a clear and accessible manner: (i) An explanation of group structure. This is provided at page 53. (ii) An explanation of dividend policies and dividends paid, and how these take account of delivery for customers and other obligations (including to employees). The dividend policy, and how the policy has been applied in the year, is explained in note 8 to the Financial Statements. (iii) An explanation of the principal risks to the future success of the business, and how these risks have been considered and addressed. The Board has ultimate responsibility for risk management and determines appropriate risk appetite. The Board's view of acceptable risk is based on a balanced assessment of all the risks in the operating environment and aims to ensure an appropriate balance between risk aversion and opportunities. The Board monitors the management of risks and approves major decisions affecting the Company's risk profile. The Board is supported in this by the R&CSC, from which it receives regular and detailed reports. The Board requires management to identify and assess the impact of risks to the business using a corporate risk model. In addition, during the year, a Sub-group of the Board carried out a review of strategic risks, which are potentially high-impact risks which are foreseeable but with a high degree of uncertainty. An explanation of principal risks, and our approach to mitigating these risks, is provided on pages 59 to 64. 77 I GovernanceReport (iv) Details of board and committee membership, number of times met, attendance at each meeting and where relevc1nl,Ille outcome of votes cast. Details of Board and Committee membership and meetings and attendance is set out at page 72. No votes were held at any relevant meeting and all decisions were reached by consensus. (v) An explanation of the company's executive pay policy and how the criteria for awarding short and long-term performance related elements are substantially linked to stretching delivery for customers and are rigorously applied. Where directors' responsibilities are substantially focused on the regulated company and they receive remuneration for these responsibilities from elsewhere in the group, policies relating to this pay are fully disclosed at the regulated company level. A detailed explanation of the Company's executive pay policy is provided in the Remuneration Committee Report on pages 89 to 102, including how the criteria for the short-term incentive plan have significant linkage to benefits for our customers and the wider environment.    he Board of the Appointee and its committees are competent, well run, and have sufficient independent membership, ensuring they can make high quality decisions that address diverse customer and stakeholder needs. Our comments below on the relevant supporting provisions explain how the Company meets this Objective. {i) Boards and committees have the appropriate balance of skills, experience, independence and knowledge of the company. Boards identify what customer and stakeholder expertise is needed in the boardroom and how this need is addressed. The Board has determined that A Bryce, J McGlade, BC Rosewell, R G Sexton and P Vicary-Smith are independent. Their backgrounds and skills are described in their biographies on pages 68 to 70. The NWL Board therefore has an excellent balance of skills, experience, independence and knowledge of the Company. The CEO has very significant experience in the water sector and in another customer-facing utility, whilst the INEDs make full use of their individual professional expertise and personal interests to make a significant contribution to addressing the needs of all stakeholders and customers. The Board therefore believes that the Board and Committees, Sub-committees and Sub-groups have sufficient independent membership to meet the objective. The non-independent NEDs bring extensive knowledge and experience of global infrastructure, finance, customer engagement, environmental policy and corporate governance. {ii) INEOs are the largest single group on the board. INEDs are the largest single group on the Board. 78 I Governance Re.port {iii) The chair is independent of management and investors on appointment and demonstrates objective judgement throughout their tenure. There is an explicit division of responsibilities between running the board and executive responsibility for running the business. The Chairman was not independent of investors on appointment, when the Company had a single ultimate controlling shareholder. In her Board effectiveness review conducted in 2021, Professor Michelon invited detailed comments on the Chairman's performance. She reports that he is described as "inclusive, engaging and supportive of all directors, welcoming, good at analysing key issues and bringing a clear perspective and flexible in gaining consensus". Professor Michelon adds that " ... there seems to be a great deal of respect for the Chairman, both because of his ability to run meetings efficiently, but also his friendly and open style that encourages all directors to feel comfortable in putting forward their views. All surveyed members confirmed that the Chairman promotes open debate and facilitates constructive discussion, ensuring that all directors have appropriate information and sufficient time for meaningful discussion." Given the balance ·of the Board and the strong group of INEDs, Professor Michelon confirms that she does not consider the fact that the Chairman is not independent to be an issue for concern.    ance of the board. This considers the balance of skills, experience, independence and knowledge, its diversity, how stakeholder needs are addressed and how the overarching objectives are met. The approach is reported in the annual report and any weaknesses are acted on and explained. In each of the last four years an annual, independently conducted, evaluation of the performance of the Board has been conducted by Professor Giovanna Michelon, a specialist in corporate governance and social responsibility, and each report has confirmed that the Board is working effectively. Given the appointment of an entirely new suite of Independent Non-Executive Directors and Company Secretary during the year, the Company is currently undertaking its first annual evaluation of the performance of the Board, since those appointments. The Company determined that in order to provide meaningful insight from the evaluation, a cycle of Board meetings needed to occur with the new suite of directors in place and able to provide constructive feedback. This process has further benefitted from the reintroduction of face-to-face Board meetings following the relaxation of COVID-19 restrictions. 79 I Governance Report (v) There is a formal, rigorous and transparent procedure for new appointments which is led by the nomination committee and supports the overarching objective. There is such a procedure in place. The recruitment campaign for the new INEDs involved a leading executive search agency to ensure that candidates were drawn from as wide a pool as practicable and was consistent with the highest standards of best practice. As part of her 2021 review, Professor Michelon invited comment on the recruitment process and it was described as "thorough", "fair" and "effective in identifying a good range of highly able and experienced candidates". The appointees reported that the interviews showed that the Board "had a clear vision about the roles, skills and experience it was looking for and selected a group of individuals who complement each other and cover a range of characteristics and expertise that the Board needs". The new INEDs participated in a comprehensive on-boarding and induction programme, covering all key aspects of the Company's operations, responsibilities and financial structure. This involved a significant number of virtual meetings and "teach-ins" with senior colleagues and visits to key sites. These site visits continue as a method of providing enhanced understanding of the workings of the Company to the Board. The programme is flexible and the appointees have been encouraged to help shape it. They have all confirmed that the programme is effective and assisted them in their new roles. (vi) To ensure there is a clear understanding of the responsibilities attached to being a non-executive director in this sector, companies arrange for the proposed, final candidate for new non-executive appointments to the regulated company board to meet Ofwat ahead of a formal appointment being made. The Company has adhered to this.    vii) There is a majority of independent members on the audit, nomination and remuneration committees and the audit and remuneration committees are independently led. There is a majority of INEDs on the AC, Nomination Committee and Remuneration Committee. The latter two Committees are chaired by the Company's Chairman, which the Board considers appropriate in the context of the Company's ownership structure. The INEDs play a leading part in the Board Committees and Sub-committees. Importantly, the AC is chaired by an INED with appropriate financial experience and five of the six members are INEDs. The R&CSC is, similarly, chaired by an INED and all five members are INEDs. More specifically, the AC and R&CSC deliver much of the preparatory work on the Annual Report and Financial Statements and APR, review the work of . the internal audit function, review risk management and advise the Board on risk appetite and monitoring compliance with covenants and management of debt. At the AC, there is a particular focus on matters which directly impact customers, such as Guaranteed Standards of Service compliance. The AC and R&CSC report fully and frame proposals on such matters for the Board to consider. Therefore, in addition to their direct input to the Board, the influence of the INEDs and their contribution to the running of the Company, through the AC and R&CSC, is very significant and highly valued. 80 I Governance Re.port Authorisation of Directors' Conflicts of Interest Directors have a statutory duty, under s175 of the Companies Act 2006, to avoid a situation in which they have, or could have, a conflict of interest with the Company's interests. However, there is no breach of this duty if the Board has authorised the matter in question. The NWL Articles permit Directors (other than the Director having the interest in question) to authorise any situation giving rise to a known or potential conflict. A register of the interests which have been authorised is maintained by the Company Secretary and is available at every Board meeting. Work of the Committees Details of the work of the AC, R&CSC and Nomination Committee are set out below.    Committee Report Introduction by the Chairman of the Committee, R Sexton The role of the AC is to assist the members of the Boards of NWL and its subsidiaries (the NWL Group) to discharge their individual and collective responsibilities in relation to: • Ensuring the financial and accounting systems of each NWL Group company are providing accurate and up-to-date information on its current position; • Ensuring the published Financial Statements of the NWL Group companies represent a true and fair reflection of this position; • Ensuring the integrity of the Company's regulatory reporting systems and the accuracy of its regulatory reports; and • Assessing the integrity of internal financial controls, thereby mitigating against financial loss or mis-statement. The Committee also maintains oversight of internal and external auditors. I have worked with the members of the Committee and with management and key advisors to produce an action plan for the Committee, setting out the business to be addressed at each meeting. This plan is dynamic and is updated throughout the year. The members of the Committee are updated regularly on developments in financial reporting requirements and on any changes in NWL's regulatory environment. Members of the Audit Committee The members of the AC during the year were P Rew (Chairman) (who stood down in November 2021 ), L S Chan, MAB Negre (who stood down in July 2021) and Dr S Lyster (who stood down in May 2021 ). A Bryce, B C Rosewell and R G Sexton (Chairman from 5 January 2022) joined the AC in April 2021 and J McGlade and P Vicary-Smith joined in July 2021. The CEO, Chief Financial Officer, Regulation and Assurance Director, Internal Audit Manager and the external auditor normally attend the Committee's meetings by invitation and M Parker acted as Secretary to the Committee until his retirement in October 2021 at which date R Somerville took on the role. Other senior managers, independent technical auditors and advisers are invited to attend as appropriate. 81 I GovernanceReport The work of the Audit Committee During the year, and up to the date of approval of these Financial Statements, the AC assisted both Executive Directors and NEDs to discharge their individual and collective responsibilities. Its work included the following: External Audit • Overseeing a tender exercise for external audit services, to take effect for the year ending 31 March 2023, and recommending the reappointment of Deloitte LLP to the Board; • Reviewing the draft Financial Statements and APR, considering reports from the external auditor setting out the audit approach and plan, significant audit risks and conclusions on the NWL Group's internal controls and risk management; • Considering the key areas of judgement in the Financial Statements, reviewing reports from management, and ensuring these are consistent with those set out in note 1(q) to the Financial Statements on page 125; • Reviewing the appropriateness of accounting policies and evidence supporting the going concern basis for the Financial Statements and recommending approval of the Financial Statements to the Board; .• Reviewing and monitoring the effectiveness of the audit process, taking into consideration relevant UK professional and regulatory requirements; and • Approving the external auditor's fees for both audit and non-audit services, by reference to the agreed policy (see further details below).    The Committee monitors the independence of the audit through different reviews and actions including: • Confirmation that the auditor is, in its professional judgement, independent of the NWL Group; • Obtaining from it an account of all relationships which may affect the firm's independence and the objectivity; • Rotation of the lead audit partner every five years; maintaining a policy regarding the engagement of the auditor to conduct non-audit work and monitoring the level of audit fees compared to non-audit fees (see further details below); • Considering audit tender requirements, being tenders every 10 years and mandatory rotation after 20 years. considering new accounting standards and reviewing their applicability to the Company; • Reviewing the approaches taken to bad debt and taxation provisioning as well as unbilled revenue recognition; and • Reviewing reporting from ·management or the external auditor on the accounting judgements associated with property, plant and equipment, and assumptions taken regarding valuing financial instruments and the defined benefit pension scheme liability. In addition, the Committee considers the effectiveness of the external audit, and considers the level of experience, industry knowledge and expertise of the audit team, and its delivery of appropriate challenge in a knowledgeable and constructive manner. Non-audit fees The Company has adopted a formal policy on the provision of audit services, which was updated with effect from 1 April 2017, to reflect the FRC's Revised Ethical Standards 2016. The policy provides for general pre-approval of a range of services which are generally regarded as audit related, where the fees are equal to or less than £50k. It also sets out a broad range of prohibited activities. Services which are not prohibited, but which have not been pre-approved and in respect of which the fee is equal to or less than £50k, can be approved by the AC Chairman, who reports such approval to the AC. If the fee for such services will exceed £50k the approval of the AC is required. 82 I GovernanceReport The policy imposes a cap on non-audit fees equal to 70% of average audit fees for the previous three years. Where Deloitte LLP is engaged to provide non-audit services, this results from its extensive knowledge on NWL's business and the sector generally, as well as demonstrating the required expertise and capability to provide good value for money. Non-audit related work undertaken by Deloitte LLP in 2021 /22 amounted to fees of £22k, comprising provision of assurance on third party contracts. The fees paid are set out in note 3 to the Financial Statements on page 1 27. The AC also holds in camera sessions with the audit partner. Internal Audit The NWL Group operates a blended model for its internal audit function. Under this model, the internal audit team conducts most of the work, including core financial controls and regulatory reporting reviews. Reviews of specialist technical areas are outsourced to firms with appropriate experience and qualifications when felt necessary. The Committee reviews and approves the internal audit plan for the year. Its review is designed to ensure that focus is given to the areas of highest risk for the NWL Group and that the audit work focuses on key controls. Internal audit reports reviewed by the Committee during 2021 /22 included: • March 2021 Procurement Process Review - Sewer Flooding Three Rivers Insurance • June 2021 Asset Investment • September 2021 No internal audit reports at this meeting • January 2022 Financial Accounting Customer Billing    In addition, at each of its scheduled meetings the Committee received reports detailing progress with implementing recommendations previously raised by internal audit and is satisfied that management has taken appropriate steps to implement the recommendations raised. The Chair of the Committee, independent of management, maintains regular and direct contact with both the internal and external auditor, allowing open dialogue and feedback. The Committee has considered the effectiveness of internal audit. There was also an external assessment completed by the Chartered Institute of Internal Auditors during 2018/19 which overall noted that the function "clearly meets the expectations of its stakeholders". The Committee is satisfied that the current model described above remains appropriate for the Group. 83 I GovernanceReport Work with other assurance providers Support with data assurance work for the principal regulatory reporting was provided by Deloitte LLP for financial tables and PwC and our Internal Audit team for non-financial tables. Our overall approach to assurance of regulatory data has been approved by the Committee and is described below: • Business as usual assurance for our ongoing data capture and measurement processes; • Each piece of data must be provided by the nominated data provider and reviewed before being audited. This is controlled by a workflow system; and • Additional independent technical assurance was procured (from PwC as our External Technical Auditor) to examine areas that were identified as being higher risk as defined by our regulatory data risk management framework as approved by the Committee. Our approach is described in our draft and final assurance plans with the results being described in our Data Assurance Summary annually. Reports from Deloitte LLP, PwC and Internal Audit are received and reviewed by the Committee.    Further compliance and other matters • Reviewing and commenting on the APR, including the underlying assurance, reviewing evidence to support the Condition P certificate (ring-fencing certificate) and long-term Viability Statement and recommending their approval to the Board; • Approving arrangements for monitoring compliance with the Company's procedures designed to prevent bribery, having regard to the Bribery Act 201 0 and the code of conduct 'Our Way at NWG', including receiving reports on any whistleblowing allegations; • Reviewing management of tax compliance matters and other tax issues, and discussing key matters with HMRC; and • Reviewing the Company's Long-Term Viability Statement. The AC Chairman reports formally to the NWL Board following each AC meeting, and its minutes are circulated to both NWL and NWGL Boards. 84 I GovernanceReport Attendance at the five AC meetings during the year was as follows: Name PRew Attendance 3 R G Sexton 5 AA Bryce 5 LS Chan N Herrington 4 Dr S Lyster J M MCGiade 2 MAB Negre 1 BC Rosewell 5 P D Vicary-Smith 3    Risk & Compliance Sub-Committee Report Introduction by the Chairman of the Sub-committee, R G Sexton The role of the Sub-committee is to assist both Executive and NEDs to discharge their individual and collective responsibilities in relation to assessing the scope and effectiveness of the NWL Group's risk management systems and the integrity of its internal financial controls. Members of the Risk & Compliance Sub-committee The members of the R&CSC during the year ended 31 March 2022 were P Rew (Chairman), who stood down in November 2021, MAB Negre, who stood down in July 2021, and Dr S Lyster, who stood down in May 2021 ). A A Bryce, B C Rosewell and R G Sexton (Chairman from 1 December 2021) joined the R&CSC in April 2021 and J McGlade and P Vicary-Smith joined in July 2021. The work of the Risk & Compliance Sub-committee The ELT implements policies on risk management and internal control and ensures that risks are appropriately identified and managed within the business, to ensure that the Company's resources and capacity to deliver services as required by customers remain resilient. This approach is set out in a Risk Management Framework, which has been endorsed by the R&CSC. The ELT reviews the approach to risk management in detail every year and reviews the significant risks every month. Any significant issues are reported by the CEO to the Board. Senior management implements policies on risk management and internal control. The R&CSC, on behalf of the Board, has performed a robust assessment of the principal risks facing the Company, including those that would threaten its business model, resilience, future performance, solvency or liquidity. These principal risks, and how they are managed, are described on pages 58 to 63 in the Strategic Report. The internal control framework supports the risk management process, ensuring that risks are appropriately managed, that controls are effective and that appropriate remedial action is taken where identified. Risks are mapped against the providers of assurance, whether this be management, internal or external assurance. 85 I Governance Re.port The Board is supported by the AC in monitoring the effectiveness of the internal control framework with primary assurance being provided by the internal audit team. The R&CSC, on behalf of the Board, has carried out an annual review of the effectiveness of the Company's risk management and internal control systems. This review confirmed that the Company has strong systems of internal control and robust processes in place to enable it to identify, evaluate and manage the risks it faces and to ensure that its obligations are met. These systems and processes are embedded in the organisation and are reviewed regularly by the Board, its Committees and Sub-committee. The annual review confirmed that the risk management and internal control systems have operated effectively through the year and that there have been no significant failings or weaknesses. During the year, and up to the date of approval of these Financial Statements, the work of the R&CSC included the following: • Reviewing reports at each meeting on the top-rated managed risks and priorities for assurance (being those risks with the biggest reduction between the business (gross) and managed (net) risk scores), representing key control areas for the Company; • Reviewing high impact, low likelihood risks which have a rare to unlikely likelihood of occurrence but a potentially catastrophic level of impact; • Reviewing the management of specific areas of risk in relation to the COVID-19 pandemic; • Advising the Board on risk appetite and exposure and reviewing risk assessment processes as well as keeping the effectiveness of the risk and internal control management systems under review; • Monitoring compliance with covenants and treasury risks; • Reviewing management of customer debt; • Reviewing energy policy and strategy; and • Reviewing the risk and control framework and reporting.    Nomination Committee    ttendance at the three scheduled R&CSC meetings during the year was as follows: Name Attendance P Rew 1 R G Sexton 3 AA Bryce 3 J M McGlade 2 BC Rosewell 3 P D Vicary-Smith 3 The Sub-committee holds a special meeting with other members of the Board each year to conduct a separate Strategic Risk review exercise. The Board is able to monitor the impact of environmental, social and governance matters on the Company's business, to assess the impact of significant risks on the business and to evaluate methods of managing these risks through reports it • receives from the AC and the R&CSC. R G Sexton Chairman of the Risk & Compliance Sub-committee 86 I GovernanceReport The Nomination Committee has wide-ranging terms of reference which are available on the Company's website. The members during the year were A J Hunter (Chairman), M Fay, who stood down in May 2021, Dr S Lyster who stood down in May 2021, D N Macrae and P Rew, who stood down in November 2021 . A Bryce, B C Rosewell and P Vicary-Smith joined in July 2021    Compliance with the Wates Principles The Board considers that it complies with the relevant provisions of the Wates Principles, through the corporate governance arrangements described in detail above, and the further arrangements set out below. Principle One - Purpose and Leadership An effective Board develops and promotes the purpose of a company, and ensures that its values, strategy and culture align with that purpose. Please see the comments on compliance with Objective 1 of the 2019 Ofwat Objectives, on pages 73 to 75. Principle Two - Board Composition Effective board composition requires an effective chair and a balance of skills, backgrounds, experience and knowledge, with individual directors having sufficient capacity to make a valuable contribution. The size of a board should be guided by the scale and complexity of the company. Please see the comments on compliance with Objective 4 of the 2019 Ofwat Objectives, on pages 78 to 80. Principle Three - Director Responsibilities The board and individual directors should have a clear understanding of their accountability and responsibilities. The board's policies and procedures should support effective decision-making and independent challenge. The Company has in place clear corporate governance practices which provide clear lines of accountability and responsibility. The members of the ELT have clearly defined responsibilities and levels of authority are set out in Financial Approval Rules (as explained in the comments in relation to Objective 2 of the 2019 Ofwat Objectives on page 76). The Board's approach to conflicts of interest and the relationship between the Company and its owners is also explained in that section of the Report. The Chairman and Company Secretary discuss governance processes from time to time to confirm they remain fit for purpose and consider initiatives which could strengthen governance. 87 I Governance Report ______ ,.,Wie/imfriiiiii  ___ _____ F_IN_A_N_C_I_A_L_S_T_A_TE_-M_EN_ ___ _ Details of the Board Committees are set out in the comments on Ofwat's 2019 Objective 4, on pages 78 to 80. Details of processes which are in place to ensure systems and controls are operating effectively and that information provided to the Board is robust are set out throughout this document and in the Company's APR and Data Assurance Summary. Principle Four- Opportunity and Risk A board should promote the long-term sustainable success of the company by identifying opportunities to create and preserve value, and establishing oversight for the identification and mitigation of risks. The Company is a long term business and ensuring its long term sustainable success is a key driver underpinning the work of the Board and Committees, as described in detail in this Report. The Board's approach to oversight of the identification and mitigation of risks is detailed in the Risk Report on pages 58 to 63. Principle Five - Remuneration A board should promote executive remuneration structures aligned to the long-term sustainable success of a company, taking into account pay and conditions elsewhere in the company. A detailed explanation of the Company's executive pay policy is provided in the Remuneration Committee Report on pages 89 to 102. Principle Six - Stakeholder Relationships and Engagement Directors should foster effective stakeholder relationships aligned to the company's purpose. The board is responsible for overseeing meaningful engagement with stakeholders, including the workforce, and having regard to their views when taking decisions. Details of the Company's extensive stakeholder engagement programme are set out on pages 14 to 17.    Code of Conduct The Group has a code of conduct, 'Our Way at NWG', covering its relationships with customers, employees, suppliers, local communities, shareholders, other investors and regulators. This document provides clear guidance to employees in relation to personal conduct, conflicts of interest, the anti-bribery policy and a number of other matters.    R® m (U]rn1®rra1ta(0)D1) (C(O)mm □tte<e lReport The following report has been produced in accordance with section 35A of the Water Industry Act 1991. It also has regard to the requirements of the Large and Medium-sized Companies and Groups (Accounts and Reports) (Amendment) Regulations 2013 in respect of directors' remuneration reporting for quoted companies, albeit in the context of a company which is not a listed public limited company. Annual Statement The work of the Remuneration Committee comprises the adoption of principles and standards in relation to executive remuneration and benefits, as well as agreeing individual remuneration packages. All decisions regarding Directors' remuneration are taken by the Remuneration Committee, other than where stated. Members of the Remuneration Committee The members of the Remuneration Committee during the year were A J Hunter (Chairman), D N Macrae, P Rew, who stood down in November 2021, M Fay and Dr S Lyster who both stood down in May 2021, and A A Bryce, BC Rosewell and PD Vicary-Smith, who were appointed following the May 2021 meeting. H Mottram attends Committee meetings but does not participate in discussions relating to her own remuneration. There is a majority of INEDs in accordance with the Ofwat Principles. 89 I GovernanceReport The work of the Remuneration Committee • The Remuneration Committee met once during the year, in May 2021, and twice after lt1ebalance sheet date, in April and June 2022, to finalise incentive plan awards. Attendance at the meetings was as follows: ·Name ' ·_ ~ > ' ,J ~.J . ''"' ~ . Apr/Jun 2022:Jl ~ < , >!1."._Vs A J Hunter 1 2 AA Bryce 2 M Fay Dr S Lyster D N Macrae 1 2 PRew BC Rosewell 2 P D Vicary-Smith 2    Set out below is a brief summary of the work of the Committee: • Finalising awards for the 2020 Short-term Incentive Plan (STIP)and Long-term Incentive Plan (LTIP); • Reviewing Executive pay and Non-Executive Directors' fees, taking account of market benchmarking data, and agreed annual pay awards to take effect from I January 2022; • Considering an assurance report from the Internal Audit Manager on performance against targets reflected in the 2021 STIP and LTIP; • Agreeing STIP payments for the 2021 calendar year, including reviewing performance against the balanced scorecard measures; • Agreeing the level at which the LTIP award in respect of the 2021 calendar year would vest; • Setting performance targets for the STIP for the ELT and senior managers for the 2022 calendar year, reflecting all of the corporate themes in our balanced scorecard to deliver benefits for all stakeholders and ensuring that targets are set at stretching levels aligned to industry-leading performance; and • Setting performance targets for the LTIP scheme for the award in respect of the 2022 calendar year, reflecting a sub-set of the balanced scorecard measures which deliver benefits for our stakeholders.    Directors' Remuneration Policy The policy of the Remuneration Committee is to pay· no more than necessary to attract and retain good quality directors, and to ensure that policy is aligned with market practice. For Executive Directors the reward policy is designed to achieve a balance between attraction, reward for performance and retention, and salaries are based on relevant market benchmarks, which are reviewed typically every three years. For NEDs, fees paid reflect market practice for similar sized companies, and may be enhanced for roles leading Board Committees. Executive Directors The remuneration of the Executive Directors comprises: • Basic salary; • Benefits in kind; • A performance related STIP; • Annual LTIP awards; and • Pension benefits. 91 I GovernanceReport In addition to reviewing each constituent element, the Remuneration Committee reviews the remuneration packages as a whole to en8ure that they remain appropriate in terms of structure and quantum. The Remuneration Committee is satisfied that this balance between fixed and performance related remuneration remains appropriate. A significant proportion of remuneration is linked to Company performance through the short-term and long-term incentive plans, with 51 % of the CEO's maximum remuneration being linked to performance, as illustrated on page 94. The remuneration policy is designed to incentivise performance across all the full range of the Company's strategic themes and not to over-emphasise short-term financial gains. The following table describes the policy in more detail, explaining the purpose of each component, how the policy operates and, for the variable elements of remuneration, the maximum amount payable and how performance is assessed.    Basic salary Operation Basic salaries are set at a level to attract and retain Directors with the leadership capabilities to deliver the Company's vision of being the national leader in the provision of sustainable water and wastewater services and to reflect the external market. Basic salary is reviewed annually based on individual contributions, periodic benchmarking to the external market and with regard to the expected pay award for other groups of employees. The basic salaries payable to Directors of NWL are not directly linked to specific standards of performance in connection with the carrying out of functions of a 'relevant undertaker'. There is no variable performance related element. Fixed annual amount determined annually by the Remuneration Committee. Benefits in kind Other employment benefits provided in accordance with the Company's policy on provision of benefits to all staff. Benefits provided to the Executive Directors comprise car and fuel allowances, healthcare and professional subscriptions. There is no variable performance related element. Fixed annual amount set in accordance with the Company's policies on provision of benefits to all staff. STIP The purpose of the STIP is to focus on delivering key business performance targets in the year. The performance targets are firmly linked to NWL's strategic themes (customer, environment, competitiveness, people and communities) as reported in the balanced scorecard. Stretching targets are set which are aligned to the Company's vision of being the national leader in the provision of sustainable water and wastewater services. The STIP is assessed on a calendar year basis. Awards are paid in cash with no deferral, other than for specific reasons, such as a performance metric not being finalised at the point of award. A clawback applies in the event that results on which the STIP is paid are subsequently found to be inaccurate or there has been relevant misconduct on the part of the employee. The STIP is structured with 60% related to the achievement of balanced scorecard targets, delivering benefits for customers and the environment, and 40% related to financial targets. The maximum STIP payable, as a percentage of basic salary, is 70% for the CEO and 50% for other Executive Directors. The Chairman retains the right to award an additional discretionary bonus to the CEO, taking account of overall performance. Any discretionary bonus is paid fully by NWGL.    Purpose LTIP Performance assessment Maximum payable The LTIP is a cash-based award with deferred payment. Vesting of the LTIP is based on performance in the first calendar year after award. Payment is deferred until the completion of four years from the start of the performance period. ' The LTIP is structured with 60% related to the achievement of balanced scorecard targets, delivering benefits for customers and the environment, and 40% related to financial targets. Our LTIP is structured differently from others in the sector and is designed to operate as a modest retention mechanism only. For the financial targets there will be no vesting if less than 97 .5% of the target value is achieved, increasing on a sliding scale to 50% vesting if 100% of the target is achieved and 100% vesting if 105% of the target is achieved. The maximum LTIP payable, as a percentage of basic salary, is 50% for the CEO and 30% for other Executive Directors. Pension Pension benefits are provided at a level to reflect market expectations. The Company operates the Northumbrian Water Pension Scheme (NWPS or the Scheme), a defined benefit scheme, and a defined contribution scheme. The defined benefit section closed to new entrants on 31 December 2007 and to future accrual on 31 May 2022. More details of the NWPS are provided in note 24 of the Financial Statements. There is no variable performance related element. H Mottram left the NWPS in 2016 and receives additional salary payments in lieu of pension contributions.    Illustration of remuneration policy The graphs below show for H Mottram, for the proportion of her remuneration borne by the Company: The base level of remuneration, whir.his not dependent upon performance and comprises basic salary, benefits in kind and pension; Illustration of remuneration policy The graphs below show for H Mottram, for the proportion of her remuneration borne by the Company: • The expected level of remuneration, reflecting a typical level of performance against targets for the STIP and LTIP; and • The maximum level of remuneration, if all STIP and LTIP performance targets were fully achieved. For H Mottram, 51 % of maximum remuneration is linked to Company performance through the STIP and LTIP. For the purposes of the graph, the expected level of performance for both the STIP and LTIP has been assumed to achieve 50% of the maximum value, though awards are dependent upon actual performance. Information on actual awards for the STIP and LTIP in respect of 2021 is provided on pages 97 to 98. H Mottram £'000 Salary, benefits ■ 100% Base 449 & pension ■ Expected 680 STIP fill Maximum 910 49% 30% LTIP 0 750 250 500 1,000 £'000 Non-executive Directors Fees Other components of remuneration Remuneration elsewhere in the Group The Company's policy is that the INEDs The NEOsdo not receivebenefits in kind The INEOsdo not receiveany other receivefees for their duties. The levelof fees and do not participate in the STIP, LTIPor remunerationfrom the Company, the Group is set by referenceto the market. pension schemes operated or its shareholders. by the Company. An additional fee is paid to the Senior INED The other NEDsreceiveno remuneration to reflect the additional responsibilitiesand from the Company or Group. time commitment involved.    Service contracts The service contracts of Executive Directors have a notice period of six months from Aither side. The contracts do not contain any specific provisions related to payment for loss of office. Any such payments would be at the discretion of the Remuneration Committee and would take account of the contractual notice period and any STIP payments considered to have been earned. LTIP awards will typically lapse, although the Remuneration Committee may approve payment of outstanding LTIP awards if a Director is considered to be a 'good leaver', for example upon retirement. INEDs are engaged on a contract for services with a notice period of six months from either side. No payment is made for loss of office other than accrued fees. The other NEDs do not have service contracts with the Company, and receive no payment from the Company. Approach to remuneration on recruitment Newly appointed Directors are remunerated in accordance with the policy set out in this report. Service contracts for new Directors have a notice period of six months from either side. 95 I Governance Report Consideration of shareholder views The Remuneration Committee comprises two shareholder-appointed Directors and tl1ree INEDs. In the context of a private company with NWL's ownership structure, this ensures that the views of the shareholder are taken into account when setting executive remuneration, whilst also maintaining a strong independent presence on the Committee. Consideration of employment conditions elsewhere in the Company The Remuneration Committee reviews Directors' pay on an annual basis, taking account of market trend information and pay awards for the wider workforce in the Company. Whilst Directors' remuneration is not specifically consulted on with employees, in general, annual pay awards for Directors reflect the target pay awards for the workforce, which are subject to consultation under the Company's Employee Relations Framework. The incentive pay arrangements for executives are not mirrored elsewhere, but are considered to be relatively modest in comparison with market comparisons. Directors' remuneration packages are benchmarked against market data on a periodic basis, typically every three years, with support from external advisers. The salary benchmarking is reviewed annually for senior managers and every three years for the wider workforce.    Directors' remuneration in 2021 /22 (audited) The table belowshows the total remuneration paid by the Company to Directors during the year, along with comparative information for the previous year. The table has been produced in accordance with the requirements of Large and Medium-sized Companies and Groups (Accounts and Reports) (Amendment) Regulations 2013. Salaries and fees 2021 £'000 383 Benefits in kind 2021 £'000 8 STIP 2021 £'000 140 LTIP 2021 £'000 55 Pension 2021 £'000 42 Total remuneration 2022 £'000 384 2022 £'000 8 2022 £'000 2022 £'000 84 2022 £'000 42 2022 £'000 648 2021 £'000 H Mottram 130 628 CI Johns 41 2 4 47 AC Jones 190 7 43 21 16 277 A A Bryce 53 53 M Fay 9 51 9 51 Dr S Lyster 9 51 9 51 J MCGiade 43 43 MAB Negre 68 68 P Rew 56 68 56 68 BC Rosewell 53 53 R G Sexton 53 53 P Vicary-Smith 49 709 852 8 17 130 183 84 76 42 62 49 973 1,190 The table shows only the proportion of remuneration borne by the Company. For two of the Directors, H Mottram and CI Johns, NWL paid 70% of their remuneration and NWGL paid the remaining 30%, other than the STIP. For the STIP, with effect from 2021 /22, any additional discretionary award made by the Chairman is paid fully by NWGL. For the other Directors reported in the table, NWL paid 100% of their remuneration. The Executive Directors receive salary payments in lieu of employer pension contributions. These payments are reported under the pension heading in the table. Basic salary Basic salary is set by reference to market data and trends. For the calendar year 2022, senior executives were awarded an annual increase in their basic salaries of 3.5%. This was the same as the level awarded to other employees. Benefits Taxable benefits provided to the Executive Directors comprise car and fuel allowance, healthcare and professional subscriptions. The values are not significant in the context of overall remuneration.    STIP _o_R_T  ____  ___ s_T_R_A_T_E_G_1c_R_E_P_o_R_T _____ FI_N_A_N_c_IA_L_s_T_AT_E_M_E_N_T_s ___ _ The STIP for the 2021 calendar year was structured by the Committee in accordance with the policy outlined above, as follows: • Up to 40% payable on balanced scorecard financial targets; and • Up to 60% payable on balanced scorecard non-financial targets. The balanced scorecard measures and targets, and performance against the targets in the year, are shown in the table below. These targets are internal measures set at stretching levels so as to drive year on year performance improvements on a path to deliver our 'national leader' vision. This means that they are often more stretching than the regulatory PCs reported in the APR. Target Performance Achieved %of total awarded % of total STIP potential Scorecard measure Customer C-MeX experience top 2 1st yes 2.5 2.5 C-MeX customer service top 2 5th yes' 2.5 2.5 0-MeX experience top 2 5th no 5 Unplanned interruptions >3 hours (mm:ss per property) 1 <=5:02 4:47 yes 2 5 5 Compliance risk index (number) <=3 6.36 no 5 Repeat sewer flooding (number) <=28 23 yes 2.5 2.5 Internal sewer flooding (number) <=212 238 no 2.5 Environment Leakage - NW (Mid) <=126.9 130.5 no 2.5 Leakage - ESW (Mid) <=60.2 59.3 yes 2.5 2.5 Discharge permit compliance (EPA) 100% 98.04 no 5 Pollution incidents category 1 & 2 <=1 yes 5 5 Greenhouse gas emissions (ktCO 2 e) <=50.21 46.42 yes 5 5 Competitiveness Group EBIT budget no 20 Group distributions budget yes 20 20 People Employee engagement score . (Trust Index) (%) >=72 67 no 5 Lost time accidents (number) <=3 14 no 5 Communities Ethisphere award awarded yes 5 5 Total 50 100 'As a result of achieving top 2 in the sector for the overall C-MeX measure, the Remuneration Committee deemed the target to have been achieved for both C-MeX measures. "The Remuneration Committee decided to exclude any unplanned interruptions related to Storm Alwen, on the basis that it was an exceptional event, and therefore deemed the measure to be achieved. For the CEO, in addition to the STIP calculation explained above, a further discretionary award was made by the Committee to reflect the Board's continued satisfaction with the CEO's performance. This remained within the limit of the overall potential maximum STIP award and was paid fully by NWGL.    he total STIP awarded for 2021 for the NWL proportion of service was as follows: STIP awarded (out of 100%) Maximum STIP (% of basic salary) 70% STIP awarded (% of basic salary) H Mottram 70% 35% LTIP A cash LTIP was awarded by the Committee in 2021 , structured in accordance with the policy outlined above, as follows: • Up to 40% payable on balanced scorecard financial targets; and • Up to 60% payable on balanced scorecard non-financial targets. The scheme relates to the period January 2021 to December 2024. Performance targets were assessed in the first year of the scheme with payment deferred until early 2025, after the end of the four-year scheme period. Scorecard measure Customer & Environment C-MeX customer service Unplanned interruptions >3 hours (mm:ss per property) Compliance risk index (n·umber) Target top 2 Performance 2nd Achieved %of total awarded 10 % of total STIP potential yes 10 Internal sewer flooding (number) Leakage - NW (Mid) Leakage - ESW (Mid) Pollution incidents category 1 & 2 Competitiveness <=5:02 <=3 <=212 <=126.9 <=60.2 <=1 1 4:47 6.36 238 130.5 59.3 yes no no no yes no 10 5 10 10 10 5 5 10 Group profit after tax Group distributions Total budget budget no yes 20 45 20 20 100 'The Remuneration Committee decided to exclude any unplanned interruptions related to Storm Arwen, on the basis that it was an exceptional event, therefore.scoring the measure as achieved. The total LTIP award for 2021 was as follows: LTIP awarded (out of 100%) Maximum LTIP (% of basic salary) 50% LTIP awarded (% of basic salary) H Mottram 45% 22.5%    Pension Pension arrangements operated in accordance with the policy outlined on page 93. Percentage change in CEO remuneration The table below shows the change in remuneration for 2021/22 compared to 2020/21 for the CEO and for other employees. In order to make a meaningful comparison, other employees includes only those who have been employed for the full two-year period and excludes senior management whose remuneration is set by the Remuneration Committee. STIP has been compared to the annual bonus paid to the senior management cohort and only reflects the proportion paid by NWL. Change in CEO remuneration (%) 0.4% Change in other employees' remuneration Salaries and fees (%) 2.2% Benefits in kind (5.0%) (7.0%) STIP / annual bonus (7.2%) 1.5% CEO pay ratio The Companies (Miscellaneous Reporting) Regulations 2018 introduced new legislation in respect of reporting ratio of CEO pay compared to other employees. The table below shows this information produced in accordance with the legislation. Year Method 25th percentile ratio Median pay ratio 75th percentile ratio 2022 Option A 21 :1 16:1 13:1 2021 Option A 21 :1 16:1 13:1 2020 Option A 20:1 16:1 12:1 2019 Option A 22:1 17:1 14:1 The Company has chosen Option A (as set out in the said Regulations) for calculating the pay ratio on the basis that it represents the most complete data set. The employees representing each of the percentiles were based on the full year remuneration of staff employed throughout the year. The pension cost for those employees in the defined benefit section of the pension scheme have been calculated based on the estimated employer contributions as applying the method set out in section 229 of the Finance Act 2004 for all members would not be practical. Under Option A, the value of the full-year remuneration of each relevant employee is listed in order from lowest to highest and the values at the 25th, 50th and 75th percentile points identified. 25th percentile employee £'000 21 Median pay employee £'000 28 75th percentile employee Year £'000 Salary component of pay and benefits 42 Total pay and benefits 31 41 52    CEO remuneration over time Since the current remuneration policy was put in place in 2012, the basic salary of the CEO has increased by the same as, or less than, the average pay award for the majority of employees each year, which has been targeted to ensurA we keep pace with the general cost of living. Over the same period, the maximum potential bonus available under the STIP and LTIP has remained a constant proportion of salary and the actual bonuses awarded have increased year on year by less than 2%. Relative importance of spend on pay The table below shows total staff costs and dividends paid in the current and prior years, and the year on year change. Year 2022 £'m 2021 £'m Change % Staff costs (note 5) 150.5 151.7 (0.8%) Dividends (note 8) 181.5 1 n/a    Remuneration policy for 2022/23 At its meeting in January 2020, the Remuneration Committee made changes to the STIP and LTIP to increase the proportion of performance-related executive pay aligned to delivering benefits for our customers to 60%. No changes have been made to the structures of the STIP and LTIP for 2022. STIP 2022 The balanced scorecard targets for 2022/23 are shown in the table below, in accordance with the revised policy. These are internal measures set at stretching levels so as to drive year on year performance improvements on a path to deliver our 'national leader' vision. Scorecard measure Customer Target % of total STIP potential C-MeX experience top 2 company 2.5 C-MeX customer service top 2 company 2.5 0-MeX experience top 2 company 5 Unplanned interruptions >3 hours (mm:ss per property)' <=4:53 5 Compliance risk index (number)' Repeat sewer flooding (number)' <=3 <=31 ~ 5 -·--··----2.5 Internal sewer flooding (number)1 <=207 2.5 Environment Leakage - NW {Mid) 1  Leakage - NW {Mid) <=121.3 2.5 Leakage - ESW (Mid)' Discharge permit compliance (EPA)' 1 Pollution incidents category 1 & 2 Greenhouse gas emissions {ktCO2e)1 Competitiveness <=63.2 100% 0 2.5 5 5 <=21.92 5 Group EBIT budget 20 Group distributions budget 20 People Employee engagement Trust Index >=70 5 Lost time accidents (number) <15 5 Communities Ethisphere awarded 5 Total 100 Where stretchingtargets are set which are designed to achieveindustry leadingperformance,the RemunerationCommitteehas agreed that if the target score is not achievedbut actual performanceis at an industry leadingleveland has shown an improvementon prior year performance,the target will be deemed to have been achieved.    LTIP 2022 The LTIP targets for the 2022 scheme are shown in the table below, in accordance with the revised policy. These are internal measures set at stretching levels so as to drive year on year performance improvements on a path to deliver our 'national leader' vision. This means that they are often more stretching than the regulatory PCs reported in the APR. Scorecard measure Customer & Environment Target % of total LTIP potential C-MeX customer service top 2 company 10 Unplanned interruptions >3 hours (mm:ss per property) 1 <=4:53 10 Compliance risk index (number) <=3 10 Internal sewer flooding (number) <=207 <=121.3 <=63.2 Leakage - NW (Mid) Leakage - ESW (Mid) 10 5 5 Pollution incidents category 1 & 2 0 10 Competitiveness Group profit after tax budget budget Group distributions 20 20 Total 100 1 Where stretching targets are set which are designed to achieve industry leading performance, the Remuneration Committee has agreed that if the target score is not achieved but actual performance is at an industry leading level and has shown an improvement on prior year performance, the target will be deemed to have been achieved.    Directors' Report Directors The Directors who served during the year, and to the • date of signing, are listed on pages 68 to 70 of the Governance Report. Disclosures provided in the Strategic Report Future developments which may impact on the Company are described in the CEO's Report and in the Strategic Report. Our approach to research and innovation is described in the Performance Review section of our Strategic Report under the Competitiveness heading and the costs of research and development are disclosed in note 3 of the Financial Statements. Our policies in respect of the employment of disabled persons are set out in the Performance Review section of our Strategic Report under Diversity and Equal opportunities on page 44. Information on results and dividends and capital structure and equity are contained in the Financial Performance and Structure section of the Strategic Report. Our policies in relation to the use of financial instruments and treasury operations are set out in the same section under the 'Treasury policies' heading. The Companies (Miscellaneous Reporting) Regulations 2018, effective for years beginning on or after 1 January 2019, set out revised requirements for reporting on engagement with employees, suppliers, customers and others in a business relationship with the Company. Our approach to stakeholder engagement is set out in the Our Stakeholders section of our Strategic Report on pages 14 to 17, and summarised on our Section 172 Statement on pages 18 to 22. Further information in relation to employee engagement is set out in the Performance Review section of our Strategic Report under the People heading on pages 42 to 47. 1 03 I Governance.Report Statement of corporate governance arrangements The Company's corporate governance arrangements are described on pages 87 of the Governance Report. In accordance with the requirements of our Licence, we report our corporate governance arrangements against the 2019 Objectives set by Ofwat. We also report compliance with the Wates Principles, which are appropriate for large privately owned companies. , Political donations NWL does not support any political party and we do not, directly or through any subsidiary, make what are commonly regarded as donations to any political party or other political organisation. However, the wide definition of donations in the Political Parties, Elections and Referendums Act 2000 covers activities which form part of the necessary relationship between the Company and political parties and political organisations. These activities include attending party conferences, as these provide the best opportunity to meet a range of stakeholders, both national and local, to explain our activities, as well as local meetings with MPs, MEPs and their agents. During the year, no external costs were associated with these activities, however, Company representatives attended the party conferences of the Labour and Conservative parties.    Energy and Carbon reporting As part of our PR19 Business Plan we set a target to achieve net zero emissions by the end of 2027. Our plan is to deliver this through a combination of further investment in renewable energy and green vehicles and continued focus on using energy more efficiently. Our approach to reducing energy emissions is described in more detail in the Performance Review section of our Strategic Report under the Environment heading on pages 33 to 38. For our regulatory Performance Commitment emissions are calculated using the industry-standard approach (the UK Water Industry Research Ltd Carbon Accounting Workbook) using 'market-based' reporting which allows for the purchase of green energy through the electricity and gas networks. Our emissions have been externally assured in accordance with ISO 14064-1 to ensure validity and transparency. ______ ,_diiitii+ii!#•ji-111111.  ____  F_IN_A_N ____  F _  F_IN_A_N_C_IA_L_S_T_A_T_E_M_E_N ___ _ Under the calculation methodology described above, our baseline emissions in 2019/20 were 68.6ktCO2e. Our total net operational GHG emissions for the year ending 31 March 2022 reduced to 21,9ktCO2e a reduction of 46,7ktCO2e which is a significantly greater reduction than our regulatory performance commitment of 5.6 ktCO2e. The table below summarises our emissions for the reporting year, the previous year and the baseline year of 2019/20 showing both market-based and location-based performance measures as reported in the Carbon Accounting Workbook. Annual operational GHG emissions ktCO2e/MI Direct emissions from burning of fuels Scope 1 Process and fugitive emissions Transport in company owned/leased vehicles . . . ... .. ►i+MHJ►i•M.f11 . 41.9 43.9 28.9 Market based I I I . 8.6 43.9 28.3 28.9 28.0 8.0 71.1 0.3 1.9 6.3 157.5 (0.2) 28.3 8.3 28.8 8.3 28.0 28.8 8.0 8.3 8.3 Scope 2 Scope 3 Purchased electricity Public transport and travel in private vehicles Outsourced activities Electricity Transmission & Distribution 75.4 0.2 86.9 0.9 b.3 0.2 0.9 2:1 6.5 164.7 2.1 7.4 1.9 2.1 2.1 Gross operational emissions 163.3 46.8 82.8 69.0 Renewable electricity generated &exported (0.2) (0.2) (0.2) (0.3) (0.4) Exports Biomethane generated & exported Net operational emissions (24.7) 132.6 (26.6) 137.9 {15.4) 147.7 (24.7) 21.9 (26.6) 55.9 68.6    n 2021 /22 the Company used 595GWh of energy, compared to 530GWh in the baseline year of 2019/20, including: • 334.9 GWh of grid-supplied electricity used for pumping, treatment and support functions (2019/20: 339.9 GWh); • 217 .0 GWh of natural gas used for treatment and support functions (2019/20: 147. 7 GWh); • 33.8 GWh of road fuels used (2019/20: 37.5 GWh). Annual operational GHG emissions ktC02e/MI Emissions/Ml of water In addition to gross and net emissions we also monitor the emissions intensity of our operations using three measures, one relating to the water seNice and two for wastewater. These measures can vary depending on emissions performance and levels of rainfall or customer demand. Location based Market based l}t}tHN►i•liW·il}H?iiii•+k4■1}1ik}I 121 126 144 3 3 2 Emissions/Ml of sewage treated (flow to full treatment) 270 276 253 102 198 155 Emissions/Ml of sewage treated (water distribution input) 528 556 517 200 399 316    Directors' indemnification The Company has maintained Directors' and Officers' (D&O) insurance cover throughout the year to 31 March 2022, provided under group-wide D&O insurance placed by CKHH. On 21 March 2017 NWGL entered into a deed of indemnity to grant the Directors of NWGL and its subsidiaries further protection against liability to third parties, subject to the conditions set out in the Companies Act 2006, and this remains in place. Directors' statement As required under s418 of the Companies Act 2006, so far as each current Director is aware, there is no relevant audit information of which the Company's auditor is unaware and each Director has taken all the steps that he or she ought to have taken as a Director in order to make himself or herself aware of any relevant audit information and to establish that the Company's auditor is aware of that information. Auditor The Company had expressed its intention to undertake a selection process to appoint an auditor for the year ending 31 March 2022. However, in order to enable an effective and competitive tender process to take place, the Board decided to appoint Deloitte LLP as the Company's auditor for the year ended 31 March 2022 and to carry out a selection process for the following year. Following a competitive tender process, Deloitte LLP were re-appointed as the Company's auditor for the year ended 31 March 2023. Financial statements preparation and going concern The Directors confirm that, in their opinion, the Company has sufficient financial resources and facilities available to enable it to carry out its activities for at least the next 12 months. Accordingly, they continue to adopt the going concern basis in preparing the Annual Report and Financial Statements. In arriving at their decision, the Directors have taken into account: • The financial strength of the Company at the balance sheet date and financial performance, which is in line with expectations and reviewed at each Board meeting, most recently in July 2022; 106 I Govemance Report • The key financial ratios over the next 12 month planning horizon, as reflected in investment grade credit ratings; • The fact that the Company has in place £450m of committed bank facilities as back up liquidity, maturing in December 2025, of which £283m was undrawn at 31 March 2022; • The updated Treasury Strategy which the Board approved in April 2022; • Progress on the implementation of the Treasury Strategy and initial meetings with prospective lenders giving the Directors confidence that the Company will be able to raise new financing in a timely manner; and • The Company's formal governance and risk management arrangements which are monitored by the Audit Committee, R&CSC and Board. The Directors are conscious of the need to refinance £350m of Eurobonds in February 2023 (see note 15). The Board has approved a Treasury Strategy which sets out the approach to be followed to meet the Company's financing needs for the next four to six years. The implementation of the strategy is underway and the Company has held initial meetings with a number of its relationship banks to consider options to deliver the strategy. The Company has also commenced the introduction a Medium Term Note Programme. This will offer a range of debt instruments and allow the Company to raise smaller amounts to suit borrowing requirements and provide the ability to react to market pricing and investor requests quickly. Whilst the Company has not raised finance through the capital markets since 2019, it has maintained active relationships with a number of lenders and regularly receives reverse enquiries. The Company also monitors market trends and is aware of the regular, well-subscribed issuances in the sector. The Directors are confident the Company will be able to raise the required financing in a timely manner and at a competitive rate.    n considering long-term viability the Directors note that, in their opinion, the PR19 FD and the amendments made by the CMA in March 2021 still result in a settlement which is extremely challenging. The level of asymmetric risk in the settlement package is significant and not matched by the level of return and allowed costs are insufficient for an efficient company like NWL to deliver the stretching service levels set out in the FD for its customers. This also results in lower financial headroom available for the management of downside shocks and there is likely to be pressure on projected credit ratings as reflected in the current negative outlook from S&P. Financial forecasts over longer-term timeframes are inherently subject to more risk that the assumptions adopted will not be realised. As set out above, the Directors have confirmed that the business remains a going concern. In considering the longer-term viability, the Directors note the challenges inherent in the PR19 FD referred to above and that some of the downside stress test scenarios would place pressure on projected credit ratings in the next three years, particularly higher operating and capital costs. The longer-term view beyond three years assumes that the 2024 price review will provide a sufficient rate of return to enable the Company to finance its functions for the period 2025-30, as well as setting stretching but achievable targets and allowing sufficient totex to enable an efficient company to meet its obligations and service level targets. The Directors have assessed the future prospects of the Company and consider that the Company should be able to manage its business risks, continue to operate and meet its liabilities as they fall due over the eight years to March 2030 given the long-term nature of the business. 107 I GovernanceReport In arriving at their conclusion, the Directors have taken into account: • The Licence which is in place on a rolling 25 year basis; • The Board's five year plan, extended to eight years for the purposes of this assessment and updated to reflect current macro-economic circumstances; • Revenue from wholesale and household retail price controls to March 2025 provided by the PR19 FD, as revised by the CMA in March 2021; • The financial strength of the Company at the balance sheet date and the fact that the Company has a £450m committed bank facility as back up liquidity, of which £283m was undrawn, maturing in December 2025 with the intention of extending until 2030 in due course • The Board Treasury Strategy, approved in April 2022, which sets out a framework for raising c.£1.3bn of funding over the next four years to meet borrowing requirements; • The key financial ratios over the planning horizon of the Company's financial forecast to March 2027 and extended forecast to March 2030, as reflected in investment grade credit ratings; • The Board's flexible dividend policy; • The principal risks and uncertainties facing the Company and the mitigating controls, as described on pages 58 to 63, which are monitored by the Audit Committee, R&CSC and Board; and • The work of the Audit Committee, on behalf of the Board, to review and approve the baseline plan and stress test scenarios and to review the outputs of the stress testing in the context of the Company's financial resilience. To support the Directors in their assessment of viability, the Audit Committee carried out a thorough review process. This included discussing and approving appropriate updates to the Board approved plan to reflect latest economic projections, in particular inflation assumptions and discussing an appropriate forward testing period. This concluded that the base forward plan should be updated to reflect the latest inflation forecast published by the Bank Of England's Monetary Policy Committee in May 2022.    The Audit Committee also discussed and approved the range and severity of stress test scenarios to be applied to the baseline plan, taking account of the principal risks of the business. The stress tests are set out in detail below. The Audit Committee then reviewed the detailed outcomes of the stress testing and the potential impact on the Company's key • financial ratios and discussed appropriate mitigating actions which could be taken if the need arose. Following this process, the Audit Committee recommended approval of the viability statement to the Board. The Directors have chosen a period of eight years to March 2030 to assess the viability of the Company to align with the business planning process for the regulatory price review period to March 2025, and the next price review period to March 2030. Whilst the Directors do not believe that it is possible to test financial resilience beyond March 2025 to the same level of robust detail, given uncertainty of revenue and returns past this point, they have performed an assessment of viability beyond the current price control period against an extended plan applying reasonable assumptions for the next price review which includes a sufficient rate of return to enable the Company to finance its functions. The financial forecast has been stress tested under a number of plausible and severe adverse scenarios. The scenarios were selected after considering the principal risks and uncertainties facing the Company and the key economic and financial variables which could impact on the forecast. The combined impact of multiple scenarios has also been tested. 108 I Govern3JlceReport The stress tests were assessed in the context of NWL's overarching financial objective of maintaining prudent investment grade credit ratings from S&P and Moody's, and the Board's target of retaining regulatory gearing of around 70%. Whilst the viability statement relates specifically to NWL, both rating agencies take account of NWGL metrics in their methodologies, therefore, the impact on both NWL and NWGL financial plans have been considered. The table below sets out the stress tests performed, the severity of the adverse scenarios applied, the outcome in the context of the key financial ratios and potential mitigating actions where required.    -Stress test Lower inflation, reducing allowed revenue and RCV growth Scenarios Up to 1% per annum lower than base forecast Outcome and mitigation No material impact on ratios 2 Increased borrowing costs for raising new and refinanced debt Up to 5% higher than base forecast No material impact on ratios in AMP?. Sustained increase into AMPS should be reflected in PR24 cost of debt 3 Further increases in corporation tax rate beyond planned increase to 25% in April 2023 Up to 2% additional tax rate No material impact on ratios 4 Defined benefit pension scheme returns to deficit position and higher deficit repair contributions Deficit up to £100m and increased deficit repair payments up to £1Om pa No material impact on ratios. Higher operating costs, including energy 5 and chemical prices _______________________________ Higher capital costs, reflecting input cost pressures -------------------------------6. Higher totex costs 7 Up to 15% overspend against FD Up to 10% overspend against FD Combination of scenarios 5 and 6 Significant cost increases would impact on credit ratios over the period. Mitigation is strong management of costs and delivery of efficiencies through innovation, without impacting on service levels to customers. Application of the.Board's flexible dividend policy 8 Impact of incident crystallising one of the principal risks identified on pages 59 to 64. One off impact of up to £50m One -off impact. No material impact on ratios over longer term 9 Regulatory penalty for poor performance or non-compliance with obligations One off penalty of up to 10% of regulated revenue One -off impact. No material impact on ratios over longer term 10 Sustained deterioration in household revenue collection due to cost of living pressures Up to 2% pa No material impact on ratios 11 Net 001 penalty Up to £15m pa No material impact on ratios 12 Adverse outcome of PR24 compared to base plan assumptions Lower rate of return of up to 0.5% below base plan assumption No impact in AMP?. To be assessed through PR24 process. 13 Combined impact of adverse economic movements Scenarios 1, 2 and 3 No material impact on ratios in AMP?. Sustained increase into AMPS should be reflected in PR24 cost of debt 14 Combined impact of external factors Scenarios 4 and 12 No impact in AMP?. To be assessed through PR24 process.    The baseline plan is compatible with retaining the Company's investment grade credit ratings. None of the stress test scenarios undermined the Company's long term financial resilience. However, certain stress test scenarios indicated a risk of a credit rating downgrade, specifically higher operating and capital costs and a substantial increase in the cost of raising new finance into AMPS. However, in the Board's opinion, even the most severe scenarios were not indicative of falling below BBB/Baa2 rating. To the extent that any of these scenarios, in isolation or combination, would place retention of the Company's investment grade credit rating or liquidity position at risk, the Board would seek to take mitigating actions. This includes: • Actions to support pension deficit repair payments utilising an asset-backed funding arrangement; • Flexible and efficient financing of new debt; • Strong management of costs and delivering efficiencies through innovation, taking care not to impact on service levels to customers; and • Application of the Board's flexible dividend policy. While outperformance of the FD cost allowance would also help mitigate such an outcome, the Directors do not consider this to be a key mitigating factor given the level of challenge and stretch implied by the FD. The Board engaged Deloitte LLP to provide third party assurance, in the form of agreed upon procedures. Fair, balanced and understandable The Directors consider that the Annual Report and Financial Statements, taken as a whole, is fair, balanced and understandable and provides the information necessary for stakeholders to assess the Company's performance, business model and strategy. In reaching this conclusion, the Board has taken advice from the Audit Committee which has considered the process by which the Annual Report and Financial Statements has been produced as well as reviewing and commenting on the Report. 11 o I GovernanceReport Directors' responsibilities statement • The Directors are responsible for preparing the Annual Report and the Financial Statements in accordance with applicable law and regulations. Company law requires the Directors to prepare financial statements for each financial year. Under that law the Directors have elected to prepare the Financial Statements in accordance with UK Generally Accepted Accounting Practice (UK Accounting Standards and applicable law), including FRS 101 'Reduced Disclosure Framework'. Under company law the Directors must not approve the Financial Statements unless they are satisfied that they give a true and fair view of the state of affairs of the Company and of the profit or loss of the Company for that period.    In preparing these Financial Statements, the Directors are required to: • Select suitable accounting policies and then apply them consistently; • Make judgements and accounting estimates that are reasonable and prudent; • State whether applicable UK Accounting Standards have been followed, subject to any material departures disclosed and explained in the Financial Statements; and • Prepare the Financial Statements on the going concern basis unless it is inappropriate to presume that the Company will continue in business. The Directors are responsible for keeping adequate accounting records which are sufficient to show and explain the Company's transactions and disclose with reasonable accuracy at any time the financial position of the Company and to enable them to ensure that the financial statements comply with the Companies Act 2006. They are also responsible for safeguarding the assets of the Company and hence \ for taking reasonable steps for the prevention and ~ detection of fraud and other irregularities. The Directors are responsible for the maintenance and integrity of the corporate and financial information on the Company's website. Legislation in the UK governing the preparation and dissemination of financial statements may differ from legislation in other jurisdictions. Approved by the Board and signed on its behalf:
