   CORPORATE  GO GOVERNANCE As reported last year, the Company's Board ("the Board") adopted the Wates Corporate Governance Principles for Large Private Companies which is consistent with the approach taken by the Company's parent company, OCS • Group Limited. In adopting·the Wates Principles, the Directors of the Company present how they have appiied the six principles set out below and how the Directors have had due regard to stakeholder engagement, as required under section 172 of the Companies Act 2006. Purpose and Leadership - Principle One OCS is a fifth generation 121 year-old family-owned business, delivering essential and critical including security, cleaning, passenger assistance, aviation support .services, catering, front services, mechanical engineering and electrical services. facilities services of house, support The Company is a wholly owned subsidiary of OCS Group Limited and consequently has one sole shareholder. It operates within the UK providing facilities services within six different industry sectors ("the Sectors"), namely: • •• • • • • Aviation and Gateways . Destinations and Venues (including retail and stadiums) Business and Industry Specialist Services •Governmen1; Healthcare and Education In ·2016 OCS Group Limited established a Corporate Governance .Committee to improve engagement shareholders. The Committee agreed a shared purpose (the "Shared purpose") consistent with family governance which sits well within the Wates Principles. This agreed Shared Purpose remained unchanged • and is summarised as: with its business in 2020 • Generate consistent, sustainable returns in line with industry peers from the portfolio of businesses in the OCS family. These returns will come from both income and capital growth, with consistent income generation of primary importance. • • . Manage the business within an agreed level of debt and risk, thereby ensuring its safe passage to future fa·mily generations: • • Operate with sustainable care values that will deliver the desired future. These values to be based on sound ethical principles and recognising our responsibilities for colleagues, the communities in which we operate and the envfronment. • • • Progressively build the OCS brand internationally so that we are famous for being a family-owned which is a great place to work and delivering great service. This i,; the OCS way. business, The-Company adopts the above principles in so far as they are relevant to the UK. In light of the risks and opportuniti_es identified and in line with the common Shared Purpose of having a sustainable business, the Company's strategy is to continue to focus on having a strong market presence across the Sectors identified cibove, working towards sustainable growth. The strategy for the Company has been developed in conjunction with and with the support.of OCS Group Limited. The Company Chief Executive·and Group General Counsel/ Company Secretary of the Company are both part of the OCS Group Limited Executive Leadership Team (the "ELT") and, as such, communicate regularly with the parent company. OCS Group Limited is supportive of the Board in delivering the strategy in line with the Shared Purpose. The sector-based strategy set the growth agenda for the next phase in the development of the Company and as part of the process, clear portfolio choices and investment priorities were identified and have been enacted. Making focused future investment choices agciins1 clear facts and market analysis has been particularly important during _the pandemic. Systems improvements, process enhancements and actions across the human resources/leadership agenda have also been identified and progressed.    Office (PMO) Chaired by OCS Group Chief Executive Officer. The first priority of the PMO being the safety and well-being of the Company's employees, many of whom work on the front line performing essential and highly valued tasks in.healthcare, government and other critical environments. The importance and value our clients place on our services has been strongly evident during the crisis and we expect this to be retained into the future, underpinning the confidence we have in the longer-term prospects of the Group. The purpose of the PMO has been and continues to be to support and coordinate the OCS Group response to COVID-19 with the key areas being: Economic impacts • Financial performance • Liquidity, treasury and ccish • Restructuring • Fiscal incentives Business impacts • Business continuity .• • Legal and specific contract impacts • Supply chain health • Sales fightback • HR Stakeholders • Employees • Clients • Government • Suppliers • OCS Group Limited as shareholder This approach has enabled.the Board to monitor the key operational and financial impacts taken through reports and presentations made to the Board during the year. Shared Purpose In support of the shared purpose, as described in the OCS Group Limited financial statements, our values are "Care, Safety, Trustworthy and Expert". They' guide ev.erything we do, and everythihg we do not do. They represent us at our best. By living our values, we focus not just on what we do for our clients but how we do it, delivering great service that demonstrates our care and.safety, and how we are trustworthy and expert, time after time. We celebrate those who place our values at the heart of their day-to 0 day roles through our internal recognition schemes and on our external communication channels, inspiring not only our colleagues across the globe, but our clients too. • OCS is a people business and the Company employs some 17,400 employees in the UK. The workforce is employed under formal contracts. The Company also uses agency workers and temporary workers, but irrespective of the type of contractual arrangement, the health and safety of OCS employees and our agency and temporary workers is the most important issue for the Company. The Company also supports training a~d development for all its workforce, and is expanding its e-learning platform, facilitating development opportunities through training, as well as delivering critical modules on health and safety, IT security·and the OCS Code of Conduct. . Many of our clients have not been in a position to operate their business.as normal due to COVID-19 and as a result we hove hod up to 4,475 colleagues unfortunately not working at any.one time who we have been able to support through the· UK Furlough Scheme. Through our PMO we have been tracking return to work ·of 01,1rcolleagues during the year, which has occurred to varying degrees and on a phased approach in most territories. Where government grants and incentives have been available, we have taken advantage of these to support our colleagues. Against this backdrop, due to the impact on many clients, particularly in the aviat_ion and hospitality sectors it has been necessary to make a number of colleagues redundant, but wherever possible we have tried to find alternative work for our . colleagues. Key performance measures for our colleague turnover are being ~eported on each month and are inclu_dedwithin Monthly Operating Reports submitted to our Shareholder. Our externally facilitated whistieblowing service operated by Safecall is now fully embedded, which allows our colleagues to report issues via a dedicated free phone number, email, or via Safecall's website. Colleagues can report concerns relating to their working environment in a safe and secure way, including concerns about misconduct, wrongdoing, or unethical practices. In line with our.values, we look to create a cultu're of openness and we actively promote the speak up scheme throughout the business via the Code of Conduct, intranet site, workplace posters and other means. All reports are sent to the OCS Group Company Secretary and the Group HR Director, who ensure appropriate investigations are undertaken in a transparent manner. At each scheduled Audit & Risk Assurance Committee meeting of the OCS Group Board, a paper is presented to the committee that includes all cases reported in the OCS Group and the actions taken.    Board Composition - Principle Two The-Directors who served in the year and.up to the date of this report are as follows: Bob Taylor Simon Harris James Darnton Ian Goodliffe Chief-Executive Officer and Chairman since 2016 Finance Director (appointed on 1 October 2020) Finance Director (resigned on 1 October 2020, now OCS Group Limited CFO) Health, Safety, Quality and Environment Director The Company Secretary is Scott Thorn-Davis (OCS Grou·p General Counsel (appointed on 3 November 2020)). Bob Taylor joined the Company in April 2014 to grow its presence in the public sector and in healthcare. He has played a key role in restructuring the UK business. In 2016, he was appointed the UK Chief Executive Officer, adding l(elond and the Mid.die East to his portfolio in 2018. Simon Harris has over 20years' experience in the facilities management and logistics sectors, He joined the company in July 2017 as Commercial Finance Director for the Business, Industry and Specialist Services divisions. He was ·appointed as finance Director for UK, Ireland or,d Middle East in September 2020. Ian Goodliffe is one of the great-grondsons of our founder, Fred Goodliffe. He joined the Company in 1979and worked across several sectors before specialising in Health and Safety. Board Effectiveness The Board is collectively responsible to its.sole shareholder, OCS Group Limited, for ensuring the long-term success of the Company and developing the Company's overall strategy. The Board is also responsible for monitoring the Company's performance and for ensuring that prudent and effective controls are in place to assess risk appetite and manage risk. • • "J:heChairman takes responsibility for leading the Board and ensuring .that it functions effectively promoting open debate and focilitating constructive discussion. The Boord considers that the balance of relevant experience amongst the various Board members should enable it to exercise effective leadership and control of the Company. There ore two scheduled meetings in the year at which the Board reviews all significant aspects of the Company's activities and makes decisions in relation to those matters that are specifically reserved to the Board such as approval of the financial statements. There are certain standing items on the agenda that are considered at every Board meeting, namely: • . Finance, ·commercial and Risk • • • • Health, Scifety, Quality_ and Environment Technology, ·Business Efficiency and Procurement Human Resources Legal Update Additional meetings of the Board are held as and when required. For each Board Meeting there is a formal agenda with supporting papers issued in advance of each meeting. The Directors receive regular updates on the Company's financial performance and also receive Monthly Operating • Reports which provide comprehensive information on the performance of each Sector and support function. These updates and reports enable the Directors to monitor and challenge the performance of the Company and make informed decisions. The Company Risk Register is formally reviewed once a year by the Board. The Board considers that this schedule of planned and ad hoc meetings is appropriate where the three Directors are also members of the Executive Committee (see below). and effective in circumstances • ·The Chief Executive develops the Company strategy in line with the ·overall strategy agreed with the parent company and the Executive Committee ("the ExComm") hos responsibility for implementing and delivering the Company • strategy, together with responsibility for the da·y to day running of the Company, along with broader regional responsibilities. The ExComm meets every month and has conference calls between meetings if circumstances dictate.    DIRECTORS' REPORT (continued) The current ExComm comprises: Bob Taylor Chief Executive Finance Director (appointed September 2020) Simon Harris Justine Vaughan Operational HR Director Health, Safety, Quality and Environment Director Ian Goodliffe Steve Caddell Procurement Director Jaso_nKing IT Director Group General Counsel /OCS Group UK Company Secretary (appointed Scott Thorn-Davis Managing Director of Business & Industry and Specialist Services • Jon Fowler Client Services Director (appointed January 2021) Andrew Mortimer Managing Director of Destination & Venues (appoin.ted January 2021) Chris Morris Managing Director of Government . Sheila Newton Managing Director of Healthcare & Eaucation Ian Nisbet Managing Director of Ireland and Aviation & Gateways (Aviation and Gateways with Aine Mulcahy effect from January 2021) Managing Director of Middle East Martin Logue The Board monitors the performance of the ExComm and keeps the strategy under review, The Company maintains Directors' and Officers' liability insurance cover and has provided qualifying third-party indemnities for the benefit of the Directors in the year and up to the date of this report. Appointment and Reappointment of Directors All proposed appointments and reappointments are formally considered by the Company's parent company,"OCS Group Limited. The Directors do not retire by rotation and may hold office for as long as the Board deems appropriate. Under the Company's Articles of Association, the Directors have power to appoint another.Director at any time and from time to time in order to fill a vacancy or as an addition_to the Board. • The Conipc;my operates Diversity & Equal Opportunities Policies and is committed to promoting equal opportunities in employment and creating an inclusive working environment in which diversity is valued and celebrated. The Company recognises that diversity promotes innovation and business success as each employee brings unique capabilities, experiences and characteristics to the workforce, increasing creativity, flexibility and productivity. The Bo.ard does not set predetermined diversity targets for membership of.the Board but looks to ensure there is an appropriate balance of expertise and diversity. The Company's attitude to diversity is reflected in the membership of the ExComm. • Board _Perfor'1'anceEvaluati~n The Board's performance is monitored by its parent company on an ongoing basis. Each of the individual Directors are subject to annual performance appraisals. The Chairman appraises the two other Directors, and·the Chairman ~imself i~ appraised by the Chief Executive of OCS Group Limited. The Board believes it has the balance of skills, backgrounds, experience and knowledge, to perform effectively. All Directors have confirmed that they have sufficient time !O devote to the affairs of the Company. Annual performanc~ appraisals of the ExComm members are undertaken by the Chief Executive to whom they report, save for"the Group.General Counsel (and Company Secretary of the Company) who report to the Chief Executive of OCS Gr.cup Limited. This difference in reporting structure results from the Group General Counsel having responsibility for legal matters for both the Company in the UK but also for the wider OCS Group globally, Development All Directors have access to training to enable ·them to carry out their duties effectively profess_ional advice in furtherance of their duties if necessary.    and can take independent    Director Responsibilities - Principle Three Board accountability The Board is collectively responsible to its shareholder for ensuring the long-term success of the Company, together with the overall strategy, management, direction and control. It is also responsible for monitoring the Company's performance and for ensuring that prudent and effective controls are in place to manage risk in line with the OCS board's risk appetite. The Board ·along with its shareholder, sets the Company's values and standards to ensure its obligations to its various stakeholders are met. · The Chairman takes responsibility for leading the Board and ensuring that it functions effectively, ·promoting open debate and facilitating constructive discussion. The Chief Executive together with the shareholder, OCS Group board, the Board and the ExComm, are responsible for the development of the Company's strategy. The Chief Executive has responsibility for delivery of the strategy together with all aspects of the operation and management of the Company. The Board considers that the balance of relevant experience amongst the various Board members, should enoble it to exercise effective leadership and control of the Company. Whilst not operating a formal committee structure, specific smaller groups report back to the Board in relation to the certain.delegated powers. Nomination and Succession Nominations for Directors' appointments and reappointments are made collectively by the Board and then ratified by the parent company. These appointments are made taking into account the need for ensuring that the membership and composition of the Board has the necessary diversity, balance of the skills, competencies and attributes require_dto lead the Company. In terms of succession planning for the ExComm, the HR Director and the Chief Executive have led a project to ensure that each Sector and support function has a full su<:::cessionplan in place. These plans· are reviewed by the parent . company as part of a Group wide succession programme. Remuneration The Company's remuneration policy is to provide executive remuneration packages which are designed to attract, motivate and retain directors of high calibre and to reward them for enhancing value to business. A small group·· comprising the Chief Executive, the Finance Director, the HR Director and the Head of Reward, Pensions and Benefits meet to consider appropriate remuneration packages, guided by the Company policy. The parent company approves the remuneration of the ExComm .. Audit and Risk The Finance Director maintains the Company's risk register which is sha·red with the .Company's external auditors. The activities of the Company are also monitored by the Group Risk and Assurance Manager who reports directly to the parent company's Group Audit & Risk Assurance Committee which meets at least three times per year at appropriate times in the financial reporting and audit cycle and otherwise as required. The external auditor of the Company is Deloitte LLP who also provided limited tax services during the year. The Board takes seriously its responsibility to put in place safeguards t6 ensure the independence, objectivity and effectiveness of external audit. The parent company has a formal policy in place to cover the .use of the external auditor and for obtaining approval on the use of the auditor for rion-audit work which is followed by the Board. Executive Committee {"ExComm'1 Under the terms of a Scheme·of Delegat~d Authority implemented by the parent company, many of the decisions of the Board are delegated to the ExComm whose members include the three statutory Directors. Conflicts of Interest The Articles of Association of the Company set out how a director' shall not infringe his duty to avoid a conflict • situation and the process to be followed if the situation arises. Directors declare any conflicts of interest at each meeting of the Company. • • Relations with the shareholder As set out under Principle Two, the Company is .accountable to its sole shareholder, OCS Group Limited. The Company Chief Executive and Group General Counsel are both part of the parent compar:,y Executive Leadership Team ("ELT") which meets on a regular basis and has scheduled conference calls between meetings. The Company Chief Executive provides monthly operating and financial reports to the ELT.    Opportunity and Risk - Principle Four The guidance supporting the Wates Principles states "A board has responsibility for an organisation's overall approach to strategic decision-making and effective risk management (financial and non-financial), including . reputotional risk. This requires oversight of risk and how it is managed, and appropriate accountability to stakeholders. The size and nature of the business will determine the ·internal control systems put in place to manage and mitigate both emerging and principal risks. Some companies may decide to delegate to a committee to oversee. such ma~ters". It also specifies: "A board should consider and assess how the company creates and preserves value over the ·long-term. This requires boards to consider both tangible and intangible sources of value, and the stakeholders that contribute to it. This should include processes for the identification of future opportunities for innovation and entrepreneurship. Such opportunities may often be dependent on an pgreed risk appetite and the . company's long-term strategy and prospects. It may also include processes for ensuring that new business opportunities of a certain value are considered and op.proved at board level". Risk identification ' The Board and the ExComm regularly review the risks faced by the business. Formal risk register review meetings are held four times a year by the ExComm and once a year by the Board. The Company Risk Register sets out clearly the likelihood and impact of each risk, with impact rating ranges from "Minimal" to."Catastrophic" and the likelihood from "Remote" to "Probable and Imminent". Accountability is effectively devolved, with each strategic risk assigned to a member of the ExComm. The accountable ExComm member leads ori developing mitigation plans for each risk and is also responsible·for regularly reporting progress in addressing the risk and for ensuring timely implementation of the agreed risk management actions. In 202·0, the most significa'nt risks identified were: • inability to adapt the strategy to frequent changes in government policies, market and economic conditions, including COVID-19 • inability to grow the contract portfolio or adopting misaligned investment plans leadir:,g to non-delivery_ of the strategy • increasing frequency of terrorist attacks, threat of cyber-attock and infor'motion security breach During 2020 the Company has addressed these strategic and portfolio risks by undertaking market and economic analysis, to provide assessment and further insights, to refine its strategy. The Company has strengthened its information security infrastructure, investing in prevention tools and in early anoma_ly detection and continues to adopt to the challenges faced by all businesses to avoid business disruption. COVID-19 To manage the OCS Group through the COVID-19 pandemic and recovery phases, as stated above, a dedicated Project Management Office ('PMO') was established by the Company's shareholder to co-ordinate the response. The PMO connects directly with the Company on the execution·of pandemic response by the Company. The role of the PMO has been and continues to be: • ensuring business continuity, enacting and adopting • identifying the expected impacts of the pandemic, realised and mitigating risks to the Group • working to protect liquidity relevant plans including how the recovery phases are expected to be • managing the changing client requirements and their impacts on colleagues • co-ordination of the global supply chain response, ensuring continuity of supply of equipment and resources in line with local legislation • updating the risk register, identifying new risks and deploying immediate action to mitigate their impact • providing a forum to share ideas and to provide best practice guidance, including that from third parties such as economists: regulatory and government bodies • • driving the demand recovery agenda in a controlled _manner, revising value propositions where needed and identifying where commercial investment is required. In addition, the Group Chief Commercial Officer has coordinated a global sales fightback initiative led by regional and territory leadership teams to ensure that the Group responded to take advantage of opportunities arising in the changing markets, including pre-opening activities, and to ensure that the path taken during the recovery from the pandemic is managed appropriately. This is to be achieved by a<;lapting or enhancing commercial policies and metrics where needed to protect profitability and to ensure an appropriate return on commercial investment is achieved and ·to absolutely ensure that client requirements are supported as the situation continues to change.    The PMO activity has allowed the Company to identify and to mitigate commercial, operating and financial risks and initiate actions to manage these risks along with maximising any opportunities arising· from the pandemic, co-ordinating ~cross the globe. The Key risks that were identified as part of this process were: • •• • • • • financial resilience: in the event of a failure to mitigate the impact of COVID-19 insufficient liquidity and risk of not fulfilling bank facility covenants _ , employee related risks: in"cluding inability to cidapt to new working conditions, availability c;md continuity of government support, resource planning for sufficiency of labour to fulfil commercial obligations, incapacity of key employees, complying with regulatory and safety requirements in diverse operating territories and the quality and consistency of communication across the whole workforce client impacts: inability to engage with our client base under appropriate commercial terms and the financial vulnerability of clients in particular sectors revenue levels: reduction in the short term, a more protracted recovery in some sectors and the impact of longer-term economic recession, offset to some degree by opportunities in sectors with sustained and increasing demand cyber-crime: increased 1hreat of cyber security breach or fraud supply chain: disruption to supply chain integrity. • The expected impact on the going concern position of the Company, once consideration considered, is described in the Going Concern section of this Directors' Report on page 17. of these risks has been • To improve financial resilience, the Directors instigated a number of mitigating actions to minimise the impact on profitability and cashflow, thereby ensurin·g sufficiency of liquidity in the period expected to be impacted by uncertainty, before the economies in which we operate recover to normal levels: • discretionary capital and operating expenditures were largely postponed or cancelled. . • participation in government grant and tax deferral support schemes where possible and appropriate. • payments due under the 2019 short term incentive schemes were delayed from April 2020 to October 2020 and the structure of the 2020 scheme has been reviewed with the Remuneration Committee to reflect changes in the Company's position as a result of the pandemic. • a voluntary, temporary pay reduction and annual salary increases were cancelled for much of the senior and middle management teams. • necessary downsizing restructuring was being undertaken in those sectors most badly affected. • increasing our level of focus on working capital management and bad debt control, with enhanced forecasting of liquidity across the Company. • ensuring our control, governance and risk monitoring environments are maintained to a high standard, with complete integration to operational workstreams, including a cross reference to th_epre-C_OVID-19risk register to ensure all risks are addressed concurrently. Other COVID-19 related impacts on the Company and its stakeholders in year and results of the response to other risks identified, are discussed,within this corporate governance report in the relevant sections and in the Strategic R·eport on pages 2 to 4. Scheme of Delegation and Bid Governance The Board operates under the Scheme of Delegated Authority ("SODA~) which sets out authorisation levels for matters within defined financial limits. The levels are cascaded down from the Board, with each Sector and Central Function having its own SODA to assist in the effective management of risk. The Board also operates a Bid Governance Process which sets out certain criteria (both quantitative and qualitative) to determine who should approve bids to ensure that such bids meet the Company's financial, strategic and legal objectives. An Exe~utive Committee of the parent company are also responsible for signing off Company bids which have an annual value in excess of £10m per annum . .Code of Conduct An OCS.Group Code of Conduct is issued to all employees which summarises the Group's many policies in a simple docume·nt to help guide all colleagues in "how" to go about day to day business. It provides the guidelines for ethical conduct and sets out acceptable standards of behaviour. All colleagues within the Company are required to follow this Code of Conduct and this assists in the management of risk. As explained under Principle One, the Company operates a whistleblowing service operated by a third-party provider which allows employees to report any concerns or wrongdoing anonymously. This forms an integral part of the Company's risk management process and the Code of Conduct sets out the principles we expect our colleagues to adhere to.    Innovation The Company recognises that innovation is central to its g'rowth strategy and has olready started exploiting the use of technology to meet clients' needs. Investment has been made in Centres of Excellence for the key services and Sectors in order to share best practice and innovative ideas across the OCS Group. Remunercition - Principle Five As the Wates Corporate Governance' guidance sets out, appropriate and fair levels of remuneration help companies to secure and retain high-quality directors, senior management and their workforce. It, further states: "remuneration for directors and managers should be aligned with performance, behaviours and the achievement of company purpose, values and strategy. In setting director and senior management remuneration consideration should be given to remuneration throughout the organisation to reinforce a sense of shared purpose". In the UK, OCS is the largest privately owned facilities management company employing some 17,000 employees who are predominately based at client sites providing cleaning, security, catering and other services. As such, the success of the Company is dependent upon its colleagues. The Company has minimum wage obligations as well as pressure for a range of "living wage" levels, and the Company's ability to win and retain business is dependent upon the levels of wages that clients are prepared to pay. Wherever it can, with client support, the Company pays above minimum wage and in its own offices it pays the living wage. The Company takes into account market practice when deciding middle and senior management remuneration; aspiring to be an employer of choice within the Sectors· it operates. By treating people with respect and offering future career progression for those who seek this, the Company aims to retain employees and their skills and experience for longer, enabling the Company to achieve its strategy. • As part of the overall annual review of remuneration for senior executives, the HR Director and the Head of Reward, Pensions and Benefits provide the Chief Executive with-an overview of the general approach being taken to remuneration for the wider workforce including the approach being .taken in UK annual salary reviews. As explained under Principle One, the Company have been conducting a review of all EU workers to establish future impact post 30 June 2021 and as such we have a clear position of our colleagues intention and any potential resourcing needs moving forward. Our primary focus has been. to continue the development of our People . Proposition to ensure that we are competitively placed to attract labour that we already recognise is within a competitive market. Therefore focussing on people investment through learning and development/apprenticeship programmes that can offer our colleagues and future colleagues the opportu[Jity of a career has been very much a focus of our people strategy, coupled with introducing· additional reward and recognition related schemes. All-of which .we believe will strengthen our position as an employer for managing any Brexit impact and how we recruit for the future. • The Gender Pay Gap Reports for the Company are published on the Company's website. The 2020 gender pay gap between male and female colleagues (5.05% mean, 3.08% median) is an improvement on the 2019 figures (7.86% mean, 3.35% median) cind is significantly lower than the notional gender pay gap of 15.5%as reported by the Office of National Statistics in October 2020 for all employees (part time and full time). The Company has undertaken detailed analysis of the data to understand its position, as shown in the report. The Company's reported gender pay· gap includes the im·pact of the breadth of front-line employee roles it has in the UK, and the relative proportion of male and female employees within these different roles The-Company is committed to making OCS a diverse and inclusive organisation across all roles and is focusing on taking positive actions that encourage colleagues to develop careers ·within the Company as part of colleague retention initiatives. Stakeholder Relationships and Engagement - Principle Six The Wates Principles state: "Directors should foster effective stakeholder relationships aligned to the comi;iany's purpose. The board is responsible for overseeing meanil)gful engagement with stakeholders, including the workforce, and h_avingregard to their views when taking decisions". Also, as set out in section 172(1)(a)to (f) of the Companies Act 2006, the Directors have a duty to promote the success of the company and Section 172 states: (1). (a)· (b) (c) (d) (e) (~ A director of a company must act in the way he considers, in.good faith, would be most likely to promote the success_of the company for the benefit of its members as a whole, and in doing so have regard (amongst other matters) to: • the likely consequences of any decision in the long term; the interests of the company's employees; the need to foster the c:ompany's business relationships with suppliers, clients and others; the impact of the company's operations on the community and the environment; the desirability of the company maintaining a reputation for high standards of business conduct; and the need to act fairly as between members of the company.    The Board is committed to fostering effective stakeholder relationships which are aligned to the OCS Group's Shared Purpose. As set out under the Shared Purpose section above, it is the Values that will deliver the Company's desired future. 'The Values operate on sound ethical principles, recognising responsibilities for colleagues, the communities in which the Company operates and the environment. Suppliers We actively engage with our suppliers and hove open conversations about where they con help us develop. We believe in the value of true collaboration within the supply chain and feel it is vital for success. As eo"ch of ou_rclients use-port of our supply chain, whether that's the machines we deploy on-site, uniforms given to our employees, or materials that cleaning colleagues use, the relationship with suppliers is a key to our ability to provide services to our clients. It is therefore necessary that we require a high performing, sustainable supply chain that operates to a . consistent set of operating standards. Key suppliers in the UK ore required to sign up to, observe and follow the requirement of our Supplier Charter. Our Supplier Charter sets out the expectation that our suppliers wiil adhere to our Core Values and follow our various policies including Health & Safety, Modern Slavery and Anti-Bribery. As port of our procurement process, suppliers ore vetted to ensure that they hove Health & Safety Policies, Modern Slavery Policies and hove the necessary levels of insurance. Our suppliers and their employees are expected to report in confidence if something is not right. This may be that the Supplier Charter is not being observed, that corners ore being-cut, or thofindividuols ore being asked to do something which contravenes low, breaches the OCS Supplier contract, may negatively impact on the Company or, plainly and simply, doesn't feel right. • We hove supplier conferences and workshops which assist ·in collaborative working, continual improvement and understanding. This process builds on the stro11g supplier· contractual arrangements we hove built up over many years fostering effective relationships. Clients The Company provides essential services that keep businesses and societies running day in and day out from large and small private and public-sector enterprises, as a strategic partner to clients across a wide range of market sectors we deliver the highest standard of facilities management solutions. Our services meet the unique demands of each client and help them to achieve their corporate objectives_. Given the challenging business e·nvironment due to the pandemic in year, we hove hod on unprecedented level of communication with our clients via socially distanced face to face meetings, video calls, emails, WhatsApp & Telegram Messenger communications. As the pandemic hit each client, we hove worked with them to understand their changing requirements which in some coses hove been significant reduction in services for our clients in the Aviation, Hospitality and Retail sectors to increased services in the Healthcare sector. Our communication hos been in line with our strategic partnership approach which means we-work as port of our clients' teams to deliver high quality, sustainable and essential facilities service solutions. As part of the development of our new Core Values lost year we developed and defined our brand promise with our clients being "Partnership Mode Personal". This means we encompass our values which enshrine our commitment to work in partnership with our clients to help th_em achieve their goals and improve the experience of their clients. The Company also operates the· notionally recognised Net Promoter Score ('NPS') system of measuring client experience, which allows the Company to understand how it con improve the services for clients. During 2020, the Company's score improved from 48.96 in 2019 to 67.31 in 2020. Putting this in context, only 10% of UK brands across oil sectors hcive an NPS score in exce_ssof 40. • As reported lost year, we were awarded a large contract with HM Courts & Tribunals Service (HMCTS) for the provision of security services across the 335 courts and tribunals buildings from 1 April 2020. This built ·on our successful mobilisation in 2018 of contracts with the Ministry of Justice and Home Office focused on security, catering, and cleaning. We are pleased to report that the HMCTS was successfully mobilised at the height of the pandemic despite the challenges faced. We ore very appreciative of the support of HMCTS and all our colleagues involved in the mobilisation.- We continue to work flexibly with HMCTS responding to changes to service requirements and demands due to the impact COVID-19 hos hod on the administration of the courts and tribunal services. In addition, as port of the Company's engagement process, site visits ore undertaken which allow management to meet clients together with the colleagues working at clients' premises which assists the Company in understanding the views of clients and colleagues.    Funders The Company does not face the same financial risks as other organisations in the facilities services sector due to its low levels of debt. However, financial institutions are generally concerned about the service sector and therefore it is important that the Company maintains good relationships with banks who are all supportive of the Company and its strategy. OCS Group Limited, our shareholder, takes a proactive approach in having a two-way dialogue with the OCS Group's banks to ensure that they are fully aware of our strategy and the development of our business. Throughout the year those banks have been updated on the Group's trading position and how the challengers of the pandemic have been managed. The banks in turn have been very supportive and the OCS Group has renewed its Revolving Credit Facility with HSBC and Barclays with ·the facility now committed until 30 April 2024 . .The Company has access to this facility when and if required. Employees The success of the Company is dependent upon our colleagues and their safety and that of others is paramount in everything we do. This has never before been· so important as during the pandemic, so strong, consistent, and genuine leadership has guided our approach to health & safety through a difficult year. Many of our colleagues have been directly, or indirectly, affected by COVID-19 and our thoughts and prayers go to their families and friends. The senior leadership team across the Company has delivered consistent COVID-19 messages about the importance of employee safety to ensure that colleagues had the right training, knowledge, and equipm~nt to complete their duties safely. This included an ongoing assessment of the integrity and quality of our supply chain with particular focus on the provision of Personal Protective Equipment (PPE).Regular global briefing sessions were held throughout the year, managed qy the OCS Group COVID-19 Project Management Office (PMO). These sessions provided a drumbeat of consistent messaging to our colleagues, clients, and other key stakeholders, as well as informing countries and regions of PMO actions. These actions included the sharing of improvement opportunities, good ideas, updates on the market environment and changes in government guidance. The Health & Safety ethics we operate under are the same in every country we work in, with the principle that every colleague deserves to go home each day safely. We are committed to visible leadership from the Board downwards instilling safe behaviours and creating a strong safety culture which forms part of our Core Values. This is undertaken by providing colleagues with the correct training and tools to enable them to do their job safely, adopting best practice in our work procedures, empowering colleagues to make the right decisions about their safety and others, reporting health & safety incidents promptly, including 'near misses'; monitoring, reviewing and reporting our health & safety performance accurately, continually improving our health & safety procedures and conducting our work to protect third parties and minimise any adverse effect on the environment. The wellbeing of our colleagues is important, and we have a number of colleague assistance programmes available along with a 24/7 helpline, which has been particularly important during the pandemic, providing support and advice for many lifestyle problems, helping to identify and resolve personal concerns. The service is entirely confidential and helps us to retain a happier, healthier workforce. We have supported our colleagues in being able to take paid time off work to take advantage of vaccination programmes being offered. We have also ensured government information concerning the benefits of having the vaccine has been made available to our colleagues. The diversity of the Company's workforce is considered to be a primary strategic strength. The Company offers equal opportunities to all colleagues and applicants regardless of race, creed, sex, ethnic origin, age, or disability. People with disabilities are considered for employment where they have the appropriate skills and abilities to perform a job. Colleagues who become affected by a disability during their working life will be retained in employment wherever possible and win be given help with any necessary rehabilitation, reasonable adjustment,. and retraining. As part of our overall approach, we engage with our colleagues in many forms to understand their views. The engagement process begins with induction programmes for new employees, training, compulsory e-learning modules, "Back to the Floor" days by senior management, Toolbox Talks, on the job chats, employee surveys and many other forms. Our colleagues are integral to delivering on the promises we make to our clients. It is therefore vital that we recognise and reward those colleagues who make such an important contribution to our business and place our core values at the heart of their day-to-day activities. The Company operates a scheme called "MyThanks" which gives colleagues across the business the opportunity to recognise the hard work of others in two ways. Firstly, a "My Thanks" Certificate of Appreciation can be given which is an easy and spontaneous way to say 'thank you' to people who have demonstrated the Values and who have performed in an exceptionar way when carrying out their duties. Secondly, the monthly 'Star' awcird is given in the form of a voucher for occasions where an individual, or a team, has behaved exceptionally or has consistently gone that extra mile. • We wish to place on record our immense appreciation for the efforts of all our colleagues this year in dealing with the pandemic, especially our frontline colleagues who have carried on providing services to all our clients day in day out in very difficult circumstances.    Shareholders •As stated early in this report, the Company hos one sole shareholder, OCS Group Limited, and the Company engages ·on a regular basis with its parent via the regular ELT meetings. Business Conduct As a fifth generation 121-yeor-old family owned business, sound ethical principles ore essential to the oh-going success of the Group. These principles are enshrined into the Shored Purpose agreed by our Shareholder and under the various policies the business operates under. The OCS Group Code of Conduct, which was updated and reissued in October 2020, is designed to help guide colleagues, in how we go about our business day to day arid give them the support mechanism to report any concerns or wrongdoing anonymously, via our third-party whistleblowing provider. The policies we have in place arid the eLearning platforms enable our colleagues to understand the sound ethical principles we operate under. The monitoring and review of the effectiveness of the Company's internal controls and . risk management systems by both the Board and the OCS Group board's Audit & Risk Assurance Committee is port. of the overall oversight of ensuring high standards of business conduct ore operated throughout the Company and compliance with-section 172 of th~ Companies Act 2006. The Environment In line with The Companies (Directors' Report) and Limited Liability Partnerships Regulations 2018, the Company is-presenting its first formal report as follows: •Directors' Sustainability Statement (Energy and Carbon. Report) The pandemic has provided a global circuit breaker, a refocus on society challenges and priorities, with a new perspective on the bigger picture, including the challenges·that face us all long term, climate change .. By ensuring sustainability is embedded into our business strategy with practical measures that will help us support the global priorities conveyed through the UN Sustainable Development Goals, OCS will continue to shape a business built on strong ethical principles, that will enhance the lives of future generations of our stakeholders - colleagues, clients, and communities.
