   Corporate governance - Wates Principles 30 1J N QIN ~o .§ c;:: ...J ... For the year ended 30 April 2022 under the Companies (Miscellaneous Reporting) Reg·ulations 2018, the Group has applied the Wates Corporate Governance Principles for Large Private Companies, published by the Financial Reporting C::oµncil (FRC) in o"ecember 2018. Principle One: Purpose and Leadership . Our vision is to drive the renewable energy. transition cheaper and faster through technology - for customers and the planet. The Group is deeply committed to enabling decarbonisation of our energy system, and all its products and services are positioned to db this as quickly as possible. OEGL:s Board comprises investor representatives and founding executives, plus •one independent non-executive director chosen for expertise in energy, especially the key areas of market and trading risk. Made up of mainly founders and investors, the B·oard believes that the OEGL mission is one of utmost importance. The members of the Board support OEGL:s vision and bring different expertise and perspectives. Customer centricity is at the heart of the Group's ethos an·d this is a key focus of all Board members. Practically, this means holding ourselves to a higher standard than just 'treating customers fairly' and instead challenging ourselves on how we can create and deliver ever better service, product and value for ·retail customers, as well as a relentless focus on.identifying how we can deliver more value for our technology licence • customers and investors in Ge·neration. The Group's culture was originally and decisively set by the founders plus those early joiners to management -: all of whom are still in our C-suite today; as well as·our initial investor, Octopus Group. Octopus Group is also a certified B.Corp and equally demands that the same values of fairness for employees and 'purpose over profit' are upheld. Strategy of the Company follows a set of guiding principles. These principles are based around OEGL:s view of the future renewables-led energy system, of value flowing to an empowered consumer, and the role of technology to drive efficiency and lower costs. These principles are -referred to as a frame of reference for various decisions across all levels of the business. To give· • two different examples: • the Group uses Slack in order to communicate •across all levels and teams. Operations teams are encouraged to post requests directly to the. Tech team via Slack in order to support customer service and transparency. These are then picked up immediately (rather than joining a gating process) and, where appropriate, enacted directly into the CRM platform g-~ . o E ~ QI • acquisitions of companies such as Smart Pear, while relatively small have been highly impactful in their.ability to add to our client offer- and _drive down operating costs in our own UK retail business For extra information on our vision and purpose, please refer to pages 8 to 11. C) -:. >, ... 2l ~ QI"' ·g Principle Two: ~ en "' en "' g-ii: ... 1J U C 0"' Board Composition-The Board comprises eight members. The current chairman is Simon Rogerson, CEO of the largest shareholder, Octopus Group. 0 a. QI Q: iii :::, C C <( There are two members from OEGL:s initial investor: Octopus Group, as well as three founders (our CEO, CTO and CFO), three members from subsequent separate investors in OEGL, and one independent. The Chair will proactively request input from each of the Board members to facilitate constructive debate on all topics. Also in attendance of all Board meetings is a roster of external observers. These include further personnel from OEGL investors-as-well as our Director of Strategy and Head of Strategic Finance. Between these Board membe~s and obseryers, there is a wide range of experience across both the energy industry as well as other expertise. Other executives join Board meetings from time to time, not only to contribute. their expertise, but also to develop Board experience and create a path to Board membership from a wider pool of people. An independent non-executive director brings an important non-partisan perspective. This person helps to shape key elements of the Group's hedging policy today and also brings deep experience to our discussions on finance, customer, regulatory and strategic topics. The-size of the Board has been carefully considered to ensure the propensity for a broad debate as well as efficient decision making. Board members have deep and current business experience in energy" and other sector_s. In terms of communications, channels are open not only to top level management and executive directors, but also deliberately further down into the busine.ss. A matrix of formal and informal communication channels has been. established across stakeholders and open access to the Board, non-executive director and observers mean that employees are also 'part of the discussion' for key-decisions such as large acquisitions or strategic resolutions. • While OEGL cu_rrently has a negative gender pay gap (that is, women are on average paid more than men), and more than half of the most senior roles in the Group are held by women, the eight Board members today· ar.e male, with a major constraint being the fact that the Group founders and founding investors are male.    Gender diversity is a topic that is.important to OEGL and is under active discussion today. Boards of .companies within the Group are increasingly more diverse as are executive teams, which is reflected in the negative gender pay ga·p. Principle Three: Director Responsibilities o·EGL's_Board has a clear understanding of its accountability and responsibilities. Jhe Board receives regular updates on both financial and non-financial performance. This in turn is provided to the Senipr·Manag~ment team by the Strategic Finance team. The Board and observers receive mo.nthly packs on financials, which are comprehensiye and contain information about each business unit. On top of this;ad hoc Board Strategy meetings are held (typically semi-annually) to discuss strategy. Due to the fast-.Paced growth of OEGL and relatively few years since founding, the Company is now in the process of founding both Audit and. Remuneration Committees. Internal working groups are also established flexibly as needed for Operations and Tech requirements (for example, Debt and Payments working group) or the Recruitment and Opportunities working group self-established by employees to promote.ethnic diversity within the business. This self-determining. feature is highly celebrated by the management team and will continue to be encouraged going forward. • . For further information on how . Directors fulfil their roles and discharge their responsibilities, •please refer to page 32. Principle Four: Opportunity ·and Risk The Board is regularly engaged in identifying opportunities to create and preserve value for OEGL, as well as being aware of and monitoring major risks to the Group's future. Board approval is required for material investments and other major strategic decisions. Management typically embrace opportunities to move fast in low risk ways, then learn and scale. Time is spent on larger risks (particularly financial) at Board level. The Board has often provided guidance on· the prioritisation of opportunities for the Group, especially at times where there are multiple attractive routes for potential capital investment. The current volatil.ity of the energy market has meant particularly active discussion this year . between Senior Management and the Board. The team will use scenario planning across a number of dimensions to inform their decisions. Together with members of the Board, the Senior • Management team and Company analysts will regularly evaluate and re-evalL1ate opportunities and any material risks that arise. This heightened l_evelof engagement will likely continue to ensure the safe passage of both the company and OEGL's retail business during this more variable time. Principle Five: Remuneration Remuneration has been delegated to executives, with the view that the Company's salary cap has been ·an effective means of managing senior compensation and that the allocation of equity to employees has been managed through Board-approved policies. As the Company's operations expand, so does the need for more sophisticated remuneration and oversight thereof. The Company therefore plans to introduce a Remuneration Committee·in FY23. • . Principle Six: Stakeholder Relationships and Engagement The Board is aware of.the influence it has on the stakeholders of OEGL and is committed to • promoting the values of fairness and transparency within the relationships with said stakeholders. With some stakeholders, such as potential investors or suppliers, the Board acts as an enabling channel. The Board has open access to .communication with the workforce. This is put into practice · informally via direct discussions with employees beyond. the Senior Management team. • On occasion, members of the Board may also join the weekly Family Dinner - whereby all employees are invited onto the same video conference and topics (both positive and negative) are discussed in a truly open forum. Family Dinner is a key channel for informing employees of latest Group strategy. The Board is therefore welcome'to join parts of OEGL workforce discussions on an informal basis. On occasion, the Senior Management team may also • request more :senior employees to email or call members of the Board directly - either to provide an update on certain projects ·or to receive advice. Finally, the wellbeing of the operations workforce (more than 1,500 employees globally) is monitored more formally through the use of Officevibe - a platform that allows employees to indicate their level of happiness in the office on a daily basis, or as often as they wish. In the case that ratings are dipping; Team Leaders will follow up with the team to understand any challenges or issues. In this way, problems are . often resolved quickly in an environment conducive to honest feedback. • • • For further information on stakeholder engagement and Section 172 please refer to page 8.    The Di;ectors are responsible for preparing the Annual Report and the consolidated and Company financial statements in accordan·ce with applicable law and regulations. Company law requires the Directors to prepare consolidated and Company financial statements for each financial year. Under that law the Directors have elected to prepare the consolidated and Company financial stater:nents.in accordance-with. international accounting standards in conformity with the requirements of the Companies Act 2006 and International Financial Reportin·g Standards (IFRS) as issued by the International Accounting Standards Board (IASB). Under company law the Directors ·must not approve the financial . statements unless they are satisfied that they give a true and fair view of the state of affa(rs of the Group and Company and of the profit or loss of the Group for that year. In preparing these consolidated and.Company financial statements, the Directors are required to: • select suitable accounting policies and then apply them consistently; • make judg!"!ments and estimates that·are · reasonable and prudent; • state whether applicable IFRS Standards have been.followed, subject to any material departures disclosed and explained in the financial statements; and • prepare the financial statements on the g·oing concern basis unless it is inappropriate to presume that the Group and Company wili continue in business: The Directors are responsible for keeping adequate accounting records that are sufficient ·.to show and explain the Group and Company's transactions and disclose with reasonable accuracy at any time the financial position of the Group and Company and to enable them to ensure that the financial statements comply with the Companies Act 2006. They are also respor:isible for safeguarding the assets of the G~oup and Company and hence for taking reasonable steps for the prevention and detection of fraud and other irregularities. The Directors are responsible for the maintenance and integrity of the corporate •and financial information included on the Group and Company's website. Legislation in the United Kingdom governin·g the preparation and dissemination of financial statements may differ from legislation in other jurisdictions.
