   Corporate Governance Report For the year ended 31 December 2021, under The Companies (Miscellaneous Reporting) Regulations 2018, Odeon Cinemas Group Limited and its UK subsidiaries, including Odeon Cinemas Limited (the "Group") has applied the Wates Corporate Governance Principles for Large Private Companies (published by the Financial Reporting Council in December 2018) (the "Principles"). Set out below are details on how the Principles were applied during the financial year. Principle I - Purpose and Leadership The Group puts our key values at the heart of everything we do: • Fun & Passion; • Quality & Service; • Trust & Respect; and • Cooperation & Accountability. In 2021, we launched our new brand purpose 'We Make Movies Better', focusing on developing world-class cinemas that deliver memorable entertainment experiences for our guests, whilst offering fantastic careers for our people. We make movies: • more immersive: with LtLxefully reclining seats offering optimum space and comfort; coupled with the very best in sight and sound innovation through bigger, better screens, including our own iSense brand and patinerships with IMAX and Dolby Cinema; • more seamless: through investment in modern digital booking platforms and rewai·ding great value membership & subscription schemes; • more delicious: with our wide selection_of food and beverage options; and • more memorable: thanks to our passionate and dedicated tean1s. As we changed our ways of working during the COVID-19 pandemic, our key values continued to be brought to life through engagement and communications, both online and in person. In 2020, due to the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic, the business put the five year strategy, the 'Big Plan', on hold and replaced it with the 'Recovery Plan' focusing on safety, managing costs and protecting the business, underpinned by our key values. In 2021, we evolved the Recovery Plan adding a focus on the guest as we reopened our doors. Whilst many support office colleagues continued with some level of remote working throughout 2021, the Recovery Plan has been shared widely via dedicated video calls, briefings, conferences and during team meetings. It has also been shared by managing directors via updates on the Group's Workplace social media platform, reaching all territories including cinema-based colleagues. The Recovery Plan, purpose and key values all apply at a Group level. They are reviewed regularly, and the Group Executive Committee has a standing agenda to discuss and consider the progress of the Recovery Plan to ensure that the Group's purpose, key values and strategy align.    The Group has key policies in place including anti-bribery, anti-corruption and travel & expenses policies, amongst others. All policies and procedures are periodically reviewed and updated, approximately every year or 18 months, as deemed appropriate. The Legal and Compliance function of the Group has monitoring systems in place to ensure that regular reviews take place. As part of our continued focus on strong governance, in 2021, a dedicated Senior Policy Manager was appointed to manage the policy approach for the United Kingdom as well as to lead a centre of excellence for all People Policies, implementing and owning a policy framework to be used across the whole Group. The Group is focused on ensuring that our purpose and key values are always considered and promoted within all of our plans and activities. The Group has delegated certain decisions within the organisation and has reserved specific key matters that require a decision to be made at Group global majority shareholder level. Principle 2 - Board Composition The Board of the parent company of the Group comprises six directors: a Managing Director, a Chief Finance Director and four shareholder representatives who act as supervisory directors. The global majority shareholder of the Group has non-executive directors on its Board and is subject to Sarbanes-Oxley ("SOx") control measures and audit requirements. The Board members have extensive combined experience of managing businesses and the expertise of the Board covers operational and functional elements of the Group. The Board regularly reviews its corporate governance procedures and looks for ways to improve these, as demonstrated by the adoption and implementation of the Principles. The Group has a recruitment process which we apply in relation to the Board. Any proposed appointments are supported by a final sign off from the global majority shareholder. Throughout the selection process, due consideration is always given to the diversity and skill set those individuals can contribute to the Group. The Board is provided with training on key areas, such as health & safety, crisis management and GDPR. The Group has delegated authority levels in place which are communicated throughout the organisation, including in relation to recruitment and pay reviews, which are delegated to Managing Director / Chief Finance Director / departmental heads (as applicable). The Group delegation of authority policy sets out the approval limits including (without limitation) the cut off between (i) approvals permitted within the UK and (ii) those which require shareholder consent. The delegation of authority policy is reviewed on (at least) an annual basis and, communicated to relevant colleagues. Principle 3 - Director Responsibilities Each Board member has a clear understanding of their accountability and responsibilities. In addition, regular updates are shared on specific subjects to increase their knowledge and understanding. All directors make declarations about any potential conflicts of interest at Board meetings. The directors receive regular and timely information to allow them to undertake proper evaluation and to sufficiently prepare for meetings. Key information is prepared by the relevant internal function and those colleagues who produce documents and information for the Board are appropriately qualified and have sufficient time to prepare, challenge and assess the information prior to submission. Appraisals and performance review conversations are also carried out regularly with colleagues, so that any issues in relation to information being provided may be discussed at this time. Due to challenges faced by the business as a result of the COVID-19 pandemic, Board meetings have been held on a more regular basis than usual throughout 2021. This has enabled the directors to carefully consider and document all key decisions impacting the Group.    Principle 4 - Opportunity and Risk The Board seeks out opportunities through its strategic review process whilst appropriately mitigating risk. The Group takes a decentralised view on risk in that risk is managed appropriately by all colleagues in the work that they carry out. The Global Internal Audit team complete an annual risk assessment process which receives input from the senior leadership of the business across the Group. The risks identified are scored against a consistent framework and ranked based on their score. The results are presented to the Group Executive Committee, the Audit Committee and leadership of the Group's global majority shareholder. This assessment is used to determine the Global Internal Audit Plan. The Recovery Plan has, at its heart, a focus on mitigating risk whilst the Group recovers from the COVID-19 pandemic and it encourages colleagues to look for ways to increase profitability and manage costs. Jn addition to this, the Group's executive remuneration includes both short-term and long-term incentives to encourage everyone to aspire for long-term sustainable success. The Group has banding levels in place for operational staff and offers local incentives to encourage the whole work force. Short-term bonus schemes and long-term bonus plans are in place for senior management, which are assessed and approved at shareholder level. Local executives consider engagement and long-term and short-term aims of all colleagues when putting incentives forward for shareholder approval. The Group has a delegation of authority policy in place to ensure that the appropriate levei of diligence has been performed in understanding the obligations, risks, values and terms of any contracts entered into. In 2020, the business introduced a risk assessment form to be completed by contract owners within the business, in advance of contracts being signed. Completion of the form allows for risk factors to be considered and assessed against a scoring matrix. Once completed, the form needs to be approved by the managing directors of the relevant territories to which it relates, in advance of signature. If the risk score is high, then further internal review is carried out in order to assess whether or not it is appropriate for the contract to be signed. The SOx control measures in place across the Group also provide an additional layer of internal corporate governance controls. Principle 5 - Remuneration Senior management remuneration is determined in accordance with the Compensation Committee Charter of the global majority shareholder and by its Compensation Committee. Discussions and work currently remain ongoing in relation to this with the Group's global majority shareholder. Individual annual pay reviews are undertaken for salaried roles. Such reviews are performance based and benchmarked against the market to ensure that they are appropriate. Regarding annual general pay increases, these are benchmarked against the Consumer Price Index in each country or determined by national collective bargaining agreements and are approved by the Group's global majority shareholder. The Group carries out monthly National Minimum Wage audits, reviews holiday pay processes and carries out a gender pay assessment regularly in the UK. The Gender Pay Gap report for 2021 is published on the Group's website and can be found here: https://www.odeoncinemasgroup.com/cr/odeon-gender-pay-gap-report/. The Group also complies with an equal opportunities policy. Remuneration processes are continually reviewed and assessed by the Board and the Compensation Committee of the global majority shareholder (which meets at least twice per year). Aligning the Group's remuneration structures with its long-term sustainable success is an aim and a focus for the Group.    Principle 6 - Stakeholders The Board promotes accountability and transparency with all internal and external stakeholders and is constantly looking to improve engagement with all stakeholders. The strategic focus of the Group is centred on guests and colleagues - knowing that the secret to looking after our guests is looking after our people. In 2021, the Group launched a new listening survey to support our informal approaches. Our 'Be Heard' survey gave every colleague the oppo1tunity to give a score and feedback on around 45 questions about their role and their work environment. The survey also asks key questions about leadership, corporate social responsibility and diversity and inclusion. Results are reviewed by leaders across the business and action planning takes place at all levels, including local teams. We plan to complete a full survey once a year, with pulse surveys in place throughout the year to measure the impact of the actions in place. In addition to the above surveys, the Group has put increased emphasis on its 'Incredible Differences' campaign, launched in 2017, which promotes equity, inclusion and diversity, and the 'Be Well' programme which encourages colleagues to be mindful about their mental and physical wellbeing and encourages activities to help support it. Communication with colleagues is carried out in a wide variety of ways via multiple channels - intranet, email, briefings, phone apps, notice boards, letters, conferences and regular team meetings are held across the Group. Colleagues with work email addresses can use the tools in the M365 suite such as video calling, Teams and instant messaging for collaboration and communication. Workplace (internal social media platform) is open to all colleagues and helps to promote colleague engagement, communication, and connection across the whole Group. An online policy hub includes all new and updated policies and notifications are sent to appropriate colleagues informing them of any changes to policies and requesting confirmation they have read and understood them. A new and improved whistle blowing helpline, provided by an external organisation, was put in place for the Group in 2021. This is one of the ways in which the Group is taking steps to look after our people and our business, improve stakeholder engagement and corporate governance procedures. The Group is committed to workforce training and development. Colleagues at all levels have an annual performance review with quarterly check ins and a personal development plan. Performance management criteria include behaviours aligned with the Group's key values. Regular training is carried out as needed in various roles, supported by training or learning activities undertaken through each colleague's own development plan. The Group's key values are woven explicitly into the Group's employment policies and procedures. The impact of the COVID-19 pandemic aside, the Group strives to comply with the Prompt Payment Code when dealing with suppliers and engages with customers via direct interaction with guests in cinemas, as well as through our guest relations teams in some territories. From an environmental perspective, the business retains its Carbon Trust accreditation in the UK. The business has continued its focus on reducing its environmental emissions footprint with the introduction of new reporting systems and operational practices, trialled during the COVID-19 pandemic lockdown periods. Whilst the levels of consumption are increasing with trade, we continue to see lower overall levels of consumption in electricity, gas and GHG emissions. The business is committing to achieve stage I of the new Carbon Trust 'Route to Net Zero' accreditation in 2022, which will provide accreditation for the period since 2019.    Section 172 Statement The Wates Corporate Governance Principles for Large Private Companies provides a framework for the Group to demonstrate how the Board makes decisions for the long-term success of the company and its stakeholders. It also helps demonstrate how the Board ensures that the Group complies with the requirements of s 172( I )(a) to (f) of the Companies Act 2006 as more particularly set out below: (a) the likely consequences of any decision in the long-term See commentary on principles I, 2, 3, 4 and 6 in the Corporate Governance section of the Directors' Report (b) the interests of the company's employees See commentary on principles 4, 5 and 6 in the Corporate Governance section of the Directors' Report (c) the need to foster business relationships with suppliers, customers and others See commentary on principle 6 in the Corporate Governance section of the Directors' Report (d) the impact of the company's operations on the community and the environment See commentary on principles I and 6 in the Corporate Governance section of the Directors' Report (e) the desirability of the company maintaining a reputation for high standards of business conduct See commentary on principles I, 3, 4 and 6 in the Corporate Governance section of the Directors' Report (f) the need to act fairly as between members See commentary on principles I, 2 and 3 in the Corporate Governance section of the Directors' Report Throughout 2022, the Board will continue to review and challenge how the Group can improve engagement with each of its stakeholders and will continue to seek to promote the success of the company in each decision, having regard, at all times, to each of the factors set out in s 172 of the Companies Act 2006.
