   Corporate Governance Code The Board of Directors (the 'Board') aspires to have and maintam good standards of corporate governance and has adopted a corporate governance code appropriate for the Company. The Board has chosen not to adopt and report against the 2018 UK Corporate Governance Code, which in its view is designed, and is therefore more appropriate, for premium listed companies. We have instead decided to apply in this financial year the Wates Corporate Governance Principles for Large Private Companies, believing this to be most appropriate. We note that the Principles recognise that, for companies such as ours which are wholly-owned subsidiaries of a premium listed company, some practices and policies may be set by the Board of the ultimate parent company We set out below how we have applied these principles during the 2022 financial year. Principle One: Purpose and leadership An effective board develops and promotes the purpose of a company, and ensures that zts values, strategy and culture align w1th that purpose ► The strategy and culture of the Company is underpinned by a clear vision of the Company's purpose and overall values which are articulated through the leadership of the Board. Given the importance of this, the Board seeks to promote the values, strategy and culture at different levels within the business. Culture remains an area of focus with the Board promoting ethical leadership and accountability to achieve a dynamic and positive culture. The Board has adopted a leadership role in a refresh of the Company's safety culture. Principle Two: Board composition Effective board compos,tion requires an ejfechve chazr and a balance of slalls, background, expenence and knowledge, with ind1vidual directors having sufjic,ent capacity to make a valuable contnbutzon The size of the board should be guided by the scale and complexity of the company    The size and composition of the Board is appropriate and proportionate for the business of the Company The directors have an appropriate combination of techrncal, financial and commercial skills collectively demonstrating a high-level understanding of the Company's business model and its impact on key stakeholders. ► All appointments to the Board are based on merit and objective criteria. Diversity remains an important consideration as we continue to build a workforce that reflects the diversity of our customers and the communities we serve. ► The Board was established in 2017 as one of a number of governance changes made at Opemeach to bolster its transparency and autonomy. As the original Board members were appomted at the same time, Board membership changes are being staggered to ensure continuity and effectiveness. The first membership change took place in June 2020, and a further refresh has been made in 2022, with a new independent director appointed on 1 May 2022. The Board will continue to review its operations and effectiveness Principle Three: Director Responsibilities The board and indlVldual directors should have a clear understanding of their accountability and responsibilities The board's policies and procedures should support effective decision-making and mdependent challenge ► ► On joining the Board, new directors receive all of the information they need, are offered advice from the Company Secretary, and can request training tailored to their specific experience and knowledge, covering both their legal duties and the business of the Company. On an ongoing basis, directors update their skills, knowledge and familiarity with the Company in a range of different ways by meeting with senior management, visiting operat10ns and by attending appropriate briefing sessions. This helps by continuing to contribute to their informed and sound decision-making ► Directors have a responsibility to declare any conflict of interest at the beginning of each Board meeting. Should a conflict arise, it would be the responsibility of the chair in conjunction with the non-conflicted directors to agree whether the director may participate and/or vote on the specific item. ► ► The directors have equal voting rights for making decisions, and aim to reach decisions on a unanimous basis. Where unable to do so, decisions will be made on a majority basis. All directors have access to the advice and services of the Company Secretary and may, if they wish, take professional advice at the Company's expense. Comprehensive governance policies, with guidance notes on their practical application, are in place to ensure the appropriate level of decision-making in the Company and involvement of the Board. Fmmal internal processes ensure systems and controls are operating effectively, and that    the quality and integrity of info1mation provided to the Board is reliable, enabling info1med decisions to be made. Principle Four. Opportunity and risk A board should promote the long-term sustainable success of the company by identifying opporhmztzes to create and preserve value, and estabhshmg overszRhtfor the zdentificatzon and mztigation of risks. ► ► The Board conducts regular strategic reviews and engages widely with stakeholders to inform its strategic decision-making. There is a quarterly Board-level review of the Company's risk register, with deep dives into specific risks and oversight of the Company's risk management policies and structure. The Company provides regular formal presentations on risks to its ultimate parent company. Principle Five: Remuneration A board should promote executive remuneration structures aligned to the long-term sustainable success of a company, taking into account pay and conditions elsewhere m the company ► The Company follows the pay and remuneration policy of its ultimate parent company, with Board-level review and input into the application of the policy for the Company. Principle Six: Stakeholder relationships and engagement Directors should foster effective stakeholder relationshzps aligned to the company's purpose The board 1s responsible for overseeing meaningful engagement with stakeholders, including the workforce, and having regard to their views when taking decisions ► ► The Board seeks to understand the views of its key stakeholders, and the impact of its behaviour and business on employees, customers, suppliers and society more broadly. The Board engages directly with stakeholders through regular meetings and roundtables, and through the Company's participation in industry-wide consultations as well as industry, sector and topic discussions. When appropriate, some stakeholder engagement takes place at a BT Group level and the Boai·d monitors the outcome of such engagement. For more information on the group level engagement, see page 12 of BT Group plc Annual Report and the Company's section 172(1) statement
