   STATEMENT OF CORPORATE GOVERNANCE The company's Board is committed to the highest standards of corporate governance and believes that these high standards are central to the effective management of PayStream My Max Limited and to maintaining the confidence of its members. For the period ended 31 March 2022, under the companies (Miscellaneous Reporting) Regulations 2018, PayStream My Max Limited has applied the Wates Corporate Governance Principles, for Large Private Companies, published by the Financial Reporting Council (FRC) in December 2018, which are available on the FRC website, as an appropriate framework when making a disclosure regarding corporate governance arrangements. Purpose and leadership The board determines the long-term strategy, direction and performance of PayStream My Max Limited. The board considers all economic, geographical and environmental factors to ensure appropriate strategy decisions are made. Our vision is to be the leading umbrella company in the UK, conducting business with integrity and with respect for the interests of our employees, clients, suppliers and wider community. High standards of governance are upheld through PayStreams Core Values of Excellence, Agility, Empowerment and Integrity and are central to the culture of the organisation with staff awards linked to the demonstration of these values. Board composition The Executive director is supported by the Operational Board of the wider PayStream Group comprising of Operational Directors and Seniors Managers from the key areas of Finance, Operations, Legal, IT, HR and Business Improvement. The size and composition of the Board is considered to be appropriate with all members contributing to a wide variety of experience. Director responsibilities Effective risk management is central to achieving the company's strategic objectives and is a core responsibility of the Board. The board receives regular reports on business, f!nancial performance, operational KPl's and management of key business risks. Operational KPl's are updated on a weekly basis with all Directors and Seniors Managers meeting to discuss them and actions thereon. Opportunity and risk The board seeks out opportunity while mitigating risk, following a clear framework that places emphasis on compliance with business relevant laws and regulations. Operational and safety risks are regularly reviewed by the Operational Board. Please refer to page 4 which includes a list of all emerging and principal risks including mitigations which are relevant to the Company. Remuneration The remuneration policy is designed to attract, retain and motivate executives of the highest quality, encouraging them to deliver exceptional business performance aligned to the strategy of the Company. Its structure and individual remuneration elements align with the design of the Company's remuneration policy for the wider organisation. Stakeholder relationships and engagement PayStream My Max Limited was a wholly owned subsidiary of PayStream My Max Holdings Limited. All of the Board of PayStream My Max Limited also reside on the Board of PayStream My Max Holdings Limited. The Board consider good governance and effective communication to be key in achieving our purpose and protecting the brand and reputation of the wider PayStream Group. Please refer to our Section 172 statement on page 2.
