   Statement of Corporate Governance The Company has adopted the Wates Principles for Large Private Companies as its corporate governance code. The Wates Principles contain six principles relating to purpose and leadership, Board composition, director responsibilities, opportunity and risk, remuneration and stakeholder relationships and engagement. The Board has reviewed its policies and practices and considers that, save for where set out below, it complies with all six principles. Purpose and Leadership The Company's purpose and values (Integrity, Aspiration, Safety and Harmony) are an extension of that of its parent company, PetroChina International Company Limited, with an added emphasis of adapting such values in line with the Company's local market. These values are supported and constantly reinforced by its operational policies (see Opportunity and Risk below). The Company's strategy is developed as part of its shareholder group's global strategy and is further developed using a combination of a "top down" and "bottom up" approach, under which senior management adopt an open dialogue with front office staff. Board Composition The current Board of the Company is comprised of one executive and one non-executive director. Whilst the non-executive director is able to offer a valuable contribution to the Company by providing appropriate oversight against the executive director, the Board recognises that the discharge of its duties could be further supported through the appointment of additional directors who will offer a broader range of skills and expertise and increase the size of the Board such that it is commensurate with the Company's financial size and impact on stakeholders.    Directors Responsibilities The executive have further established management roles, committee and meetings to exercise delegated authority and to provide forums to assist with the effective operation of the Company and the deployment of specialist skills and expertise. The committee of the CEO mitigates the risk of the CEO having too much unfettered power by providing a means of independent challenge and accountability. Formal and robust internal reporting is undertaken from a range of internal and external information sources to enable executive management to comprehensively monitor the performance of the Company across all functions (including regarding financial reporting, trade strategy, hedging performance and workforce data). The Board participates in an ongoing training programme in respect of various duties relating to legal and compliance issues, such as statutory duties, anti-trust compliance, HSE and ethics to ensure that they have a clear understanding of their responsibilities and accountabilities. Following an extensive review of its governance policies and practices in 2020, the Board approved a new internal corporate governance framework in QI 2021. The Board recognises that these policies and practices could be further supported and has identified the following improvements to be made: - Although policies and practices in place for exercise of authority, these need to be fo1malised and accountability to directors improved - Improve reporting to the Board, including submission of Board papers and materials for formal approval by the Board - Encouraging the Board to hold more regular Board meetings, which will be facilitated by the appointment of additional directors Opportunity and Risk The Company creates and preserves value through business development and by enhancing the Company's competitive advantages whilst maintaining its commitment to regulatory compliance and ethical business practices. Business development initiatives and strategic planning engage the active involvement of the front office, thereby encouraging innovation and entrepreneurship. The management of risk is primarily through a risk control committee, which operates across the organisation to identify, manage and escalate a broad spectrum of risk matters affecting the Company, from markets and daily profit and loss to assessing political and regulatory risks. This is supported by the use of internal and external communication channels to identify present and emerging risk factors (such as market data and piracy reports as well as external advisory services from its IT security alert services and law firms). This risk management regime is implemented throughout the organisation through the use and enforcement of an extensive set of risk controls and policies. Remuneration Senior Manager and workforce remuneration structures and philosophies are aligned with practices in the energy trading sector. The Company benchmarks its pay and bonus against other energy trading companies using an external benchmarking company.    Stakeholder Engagement Report The Board acknowledges the importance of our stakeholders and the vital role that they play in meeting the Company's strategic objectives. The Board further recognises the mutuality of these relationships and that our growth and economic performance are crucial to many of our stakeholders and the business communities in which we operate. To allow the Board to gain a closer understanding of our key stakeholder relationships and provide a better focus for the consideration of stakeholder interests in its decision making processes, the Board has adopted the following measures: • it maintains a 'Stakeholder Map' to identify and measure its engagement with internal and external stakeholders; and • changes have been implemented to its standardised board papers to ensure that the Board adequately assess and considers the impact of its decisions on our stakeholders. The Company has a wide range of stakeholders which includes the following categories: - Internal and affiliated stakeholders: its workforce, shareholders, other entities within the PetroChina group - External stakeholders: governments and regulatory bodies, providers of finance, trading counterparties, industry groups and forums The means of engagement with each stakeholder varies according to the nature of the relationship and the available means. Employees are considered to be a critical stakeholder for the Company: recruiting, nurturing and retaining a talented workforce therefore unclerpins the Company's strategic plans. The Board have proactively sought to develop employee initiatives and enhance workplace experience (including employee support and monitoring, educating and training programmes, competitive remuneration and benefit package). We engage with our workforce throughout their career with the company and on an ongoing basis, providing support and development opportunities. We provide a diverse and inclusive cultural outlook for our employees and customers. We value and respect individuals and encourage innovation. The year 2021 presented additional workplace challenges with the deployment of agile working and implementation of Covid safety measures in line with the government's guidance. To ensme continued workforce engagement and wellbeing, the Company adopted a number of new initiatives such as: • use of electronic newsletters and hosting of 'coffee catch-ups' virtually to enhance employee engagement in lieu of social contact in the office; • continued 'lunch and learn' sessions to allow employees to learn about work and teams they would not otherwise meet with whilst working remotely; • Employee Assistance Programme to help employees deal with personal and professional problems that could be affecting home life or work life; and • shift to virtual onboarding of new employees with increased points of contact during their first weeks and months to ensure new joiners remain connected to the business whilst working from home. The other entities within the PetroChina group are also acknowledged to be important stakeholders of the Company, and in particular, Petroineos Trading Limited. The different entities within the PetroChina group operate under joint policies to ensure optimised business plan and strategy, which is implemented across all levels of the business through joint decision making and risk management practices. Common directorship across the joint venture group ensures effective flow of information, effective governance and consistency in making and implementing strategy.    The Company maintains a close relationship with its parent, PetroChina, which extends certain strategic strengths to it. For example, it plays an important role in supporting its trading operations through the provision of credit support and its international reputation and profile increases the Company's business development opportunities. By leveraging our shareholders' strategic strengths, the Company has built a robust operation in European gas markets and we maintain a strong focus on quality and safety, demonstrating our commitment to creating a successful business. The Company engages with a diverse range of trading counterparties and suppliers of goods and services, which are fundamental to its profit making ability. In its trading activities, the Company plays an active role in the industty through its membership of various industry groups and forums. This engagement allows the Company to influence both internal and external changes: - Internally, it allows us to become aware of industry proposals and to plan accordingly. It also informs us of industry best practice so that we can comply with expected industry behavioms. - Externally, it allows us to participate in industry discussion and to use om experience to propose change for the benefit of the wider sector. The Company has robust compliance policies and measures in place to comply with laws including those on health and safety, REACH, anti-bribery, data protection and anti-money laundering as well as rules of the trading exchanges which our traders must comply with and which our Compliance function enforces. Engagement with financial institutions and finance supplier ensure better liquidity for the Company, offering wider payment risk coverage opportunities, with a strong reputation in the market generating more business and investment opportunities for the Company.
