   For the year ended 31 December 2021, under the Companies (Miscellaneous Reporting) Regulations 2018 ('the Regulations'), the Group has applied the Wates Corporate Governance Principles for Large Private Companies ('Wates Principles'). This is the first financial year under which the Group has applied the Wates Principles as the Regulations are applicable from the second year in which a Group meets the qualifying threshold. The Wates Principles provide a framework for the Group to demonstrate how the Board has made decisions for the long term success of the company and its stakeholders, and the Board is committed to ongoing review and challenge of these decisions to allow for continuous improvement both in the past year and in future periods. Each of the Wates Principles are laid out in the diagram below with explanations as to how the Board has applied each principle during the year included in the proceeding text.    Principle 1: Purpose and Leadership The Board of Directors ('the Board') are responsible for the long-term strategy, direction and performance of the Group, providing rigorous challenge to those with day to day responsibility and accountability. It is the aim of the Board that all decisions made and actions taken reflect the Group's values and culture. The Board has established a core vision and clear strategy, as set out on page 5. This, alongside the Group's performance against this strategy, is regularly communicated in the appropriate form throughout the organisation and to relevant external stakeholders with quarterly presentations. The specific ways in which the Board ensures these aims are met are set out in the other Wates Principles below. Principle 2: Board Composition The balance of skills, knowledge, and experience of the Group's directors is continuously evaluated. The size and composition of the Board is considered to be appropriate for the scale and strategy of the Group. The Board includes the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, two representatives of our majority shareholder, Leonard Green & Partners LP, a representative of our minority shareholder, KKR, and an Independent Non-Executive. The Independent Non-Executive Director brings outside experience and provides constructive challenge and influence. By virtue of its private equity ownership structure, the composition of the Board is partly determined by the Shareholders' Agreement and it is considered to be in the best interests of the Group for the senior executives and each Shareholder to be represented at meetings. The directors individually and collectively bring a wide variety of relevant industry and wider business experience. Full biographies of the directors can be found on the Group's website at corporate.puregym.com/governance/board-of-directors. Principle 3: Director Responsibilities The Board has established an array of corporate governance policies and practices which provide the Group with clear lines of accountability and responsibility to support effective decision-making. The Board met formally 3 times during 2021 but given the challenging nature of the pandemic, held calls and met in whole or in part at least weekly to address and discuss specific strategic, operational and trading issues. While Board oversight is always maintained, the duties of the Board are partially executed through the decisions and actions of individuals and relevant committees which are delegated certain responsibilities in accordance with their knowledge and experience. The Board delegates day to day management of the Group to the Group Management Board which meets formally on a monthly basis and maintains a high level of ad-hoc communication outside of the formal process. As well as the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer who sit on the Board, the Group Management Board includes the Managing Directors and Finance Directors of the UK and Denmark business units, the Group Commercial Director, Group Chief People Officer, Group Chief Strategic Officer and the Group Chief Technology Officer. In addition, certain governance responsibilities are delegated to other Board committees including the Audit Committee, the Remuneration Committee and the newly established Risk and Sustainability Committee, with the Board retaining overall responsibility for final decisions. The Audit Committee meets at least twice a y_earto discharge its responsibilities around accuracy of financial reporting, adequacy of accounting standards, internal controls and the external audit process. The Remuneration Committee meets at least annually, but as often as required, with the aim of setting remuneration levels for Board members and senior management as detailed in principle 5, below.    The newly formed Risk and Sustainability Committee will meet at least quarterly to review the Group's risk register and undertake an assessment of the principal risks and uncertainties. This Committee is also responsible for setting the ESG strategy for the Group going forwards and monitoring future performance against measurable KPls. In executing its decision making, the Board makes use of an array of financial and non-financial information prepared on a timely basis and presented in an accurate and clear manner in its monthly management accounts and the Board packs. A number of the core financial and non-financial metrics are disclosed through our quarterly public reporting cycle to bondholders and other stakeholders (see 'Key Performance Indicators' section of the quarterly results presentations available on our website at corporate.puregym.com/investors/results-reports-and-presentations/). The Board has established a robust framework of internal controls, including review and reconciliation, to ensure a high level of integrity over reporting is maintained. The Group's finance function is appropriately qualified to ensure the integrity of the financial information and the annual accounts are externally audited by PWC. Principle 4: Opportunity and Risk The Board aims to promote the long-term sustainable success of the company through identifying opportunities to create and preserve value and establishing oversight for the identification and mitigation of risks. The Group's underlying operations are simple and assessed as inherently low risk relative to other sectors, with a diversified geographical spread of autonomous gyms offering straightforward services. Despite this, there is still a strong underlying ethos of further risk mitigation across the business, which has been increasingly formalised across 2021. As a result, at the end of the year the Board delegated its risk assessments to the new Risk and Sustainability Committee, which will work closely with the operational teams and functional heads to refine and enhance the Group's risk management framework, as well as reporting back to the Board which will continue its role as overseeing the Group's risk framework. A detailed overview of the Group's primary risks and uncertainties identified by the Board are included on pages 18 to 20. Principle 5: Remuneration The Board has an established Remuneration Committee which maintains responsibility for the Group's remuneration strategy. This strategy is devised with the aim of setting remuneration levels for Board members and senior management at a rate which offers an appropriate level of incentivisation including a significant share-based compensation scheme aligning the motives of this high quality team with the long term objectives of the Group and its shareholders and other key stakeholders, being to grow and expand into current and new markets, significantly increase the number of sites and enhance shareholder value. Remuneration is set with reference to the market and at a level that will enhance the Group's resources by attracting and retaining quality leaders who can deliver the Group's strategic ambitions in a manner consistent with its values, purpose and the interests of its shareholders. The Board has established policies over pay and conditions for the wider workforce which are designed to prevent discrimination in respect of sex, religion, race, nationality or sexual orientation. The UK business reports annually on its Gender Pay Gap, with the 2021 report highlighting a reduction in its median pay gap from previous years while also setting out focus areas including increasing the number of women in senior roles.    Principle 6: Stakeholder Relationships and Engagement The Group has a wide array of stakeholders and it is the Board's aim to promote accountability and transparency with all stakeholder groups to effectively communicate the Group's performance, position and strategy. , The single largest stakeholder group is the Group's gym members with over 1.5 million members at 31 December 2021. Members' views are taken very seriously by the Group and the member experience is at the heart of many of the key decisions made by the Board. Effective communication with members is established through the Group's websites, its app's, email communication and social media platforms which keep members up to date with the latest developments relevant to their experience. The views of members are also collected regularly through the use of Net Promoter Score metrics which help senior management identify successes and areas for improvement. The next largest stakeholder group is the Group's workforce. Employees are kept up to date with developments across the Group through both regular and ad-hoc email communications. Important messages are also fed down from the Board to the workforce through the management hierarchy. The views of the workforce are obtained and considered through regular employee surveys (the results of which are fed back to the Board for consideration) and an established one-to-one appraisal process. The Group also has a whistleblowing policy in place to allow our people to speak up without fear of personal consequences. The Group's other key stakeholders include its shareholders, lenders, landlords and suppliers. Effective communication with these Groups is maintained primarily through regular Board meetings and the Group's quarterly and annual public reporting, including its annual and interim financial statements, which are available on the Group's corporate website. A Group procurement function is also in place to ensure both strong communication and fair treatment of the Group's suppliers.
