   Corporate governance_ statement For the year ended 3i March 2022, in accordance with The Companies (Miscellaneous Reporting) Regulations 2018, the Company has continued to adopt the Wates Corporate Governance Principles for Large Private Companies. We set out below how we have applied the Principles during this financial year.·    Principle ! - Purpose and leadership The focus of the Board, through the Executive Committee (see below), has been the delivery of the Annual Budget, and .the Business Plan which defines our purpose, vision and values. The plan, and our progress are communicated throughout the business through quarterly updates, workshops and Q&A sessions. Employees are encouraged to contribute ideas through our Innovation Centre, •which is .managed by our Project Management Office. As a result of COVID-19, we were sadly forced to.postpone the annual manager conference. and staff awards in FY22. However, since the year end, we have managed to get tog~ther in. person - nearly 200 managers across the group mE:!tup in June in Kn'ebworth House to share key messages and discuss future opportunities and direction for the business. Award winners from both the previous two years joined us for an •afternoon BBQ, allowing us to recognise and persona Uythank individuals and teams that embody our vision and values. Our governance and risk management structures and groups are deeply embedded across the business. [)uring the year we launched a new· Corporate Governance SharePointsite providing resources, tools, tips and guidance on Corporate Governance: It is the single controlled document source for all policies, procedures, fra~ework documents, standards, and terms of reference including automated version control, review, retention and ownership. Our governance framework supports a positive risk culture, one which encourages openness and discusses real business issues in a realistic manner. Principle 2·- Board Composition . . . The Board comprises a separate Non-Executive Chairman and Group Chief Executive to ensure that the balance of responsibilities, accountabilities and decision making across the Group are effectively maintained, as well as· a Chief Financial Officer. Three further Non-Executives representing our major shareh.olders provide a weaith - of experience and expertise both within and outside of the sectors that we operate, provide new perspectives and challenge. We consider that the size and composition of the Board is appropriate for our current business. We acknowledge the lack of diversity on the Group Board, but rema.in committed to developing a more diverse. ~orkforce, particularly within senior roles in the organisation where we continue to make steady progress in achieving a better balance ,-for more details see www.pinnaclegrouo:co.uk/our-team/. Principle 3 - Directors' Re.sponsibilities • The Board has a programme of four principal meetings every year. This is supplemented by a further four "Shareholder Control Group;' meetings between the shareholder representatives and ~enior management which provides a forum for sharing and discussing key performance information on all aspects of the business. The Board receives timely information on all the main areas of the business, inclu.ding health & safety, risks and opportunities, financial and operational performance, and customer feedback. As part of the business planning process, a list of strategic priorities to develop our ,service offering were ·identified. The Board's key areas of focus during the year are set out in the Section 172(1) Statement. P    Principle 4 - Opportunity and Risk Our aim is to integrate risk-based decision making into Pinnacle's governance, planning, management; reporting, policies, values and culture. As a con~racting business delivering a wide range of se·rvicesto communities, opportunity and risk come hand in hand. We have a robust Investment Committee process in place which provides the framework for managing contracting risks, including clear approval processes for submitting tenders and proposals, and subsequently· entering into contract. Our Risk Management Group {as delegated by the Board) is tasked with enhancing the group's risk management capability and engendering and embedding a cu.lture that ~ncourages and supports the early and appropriate identification and escalation of risks. Throughout FY22our Crisis Management team continued to co-ordinate our responses in relation to COVID-19 in accord,rnce with our business contim:iity plan and has only stopped convening since the year end. We have set out in the table below our considered Principal Risks: Wrong business strategy Failure to grow Failure to Strategic profitably manage reputation Financial control failure Financial Contract non-performance/ Failure of major charige Supply chain Operational non-compliance initiative failure Failure to act Loss of key people Skills shortage . People with integrity Disaster Hazard Pandemic Material legal & regulatory Major information Legal & compliance failure compliance security breach ·Pleasesee separate document on Principal Risks and Uncertainti_esfor more information. Our Contract Oversight Group and Deal Forum continue to focus on opportunities our existing portfolio of contracts arid externally. for the business, both within •    Principle 5 - Remuneration The Remuneration Committee's primary objective is to approve the terms of employment of senior management within the business, to ensure that we can retain quality staff who can deliver the Group's strategic goals in a nianner consistent with both its purpose and the interests of its· shareholders. . . The Remuneration Committee (two from our Non-Executive Board Di~ectors) sat twice during the year, firstly to approve those terms of employment in line with the annual budget process, and secondly to consider the • CEO's report regarding annual bonus proposals for the senior managerrier:it team, and if thought acceptable approve. In April the Group published its fifth Gender Pay Gap report and each year ExCom sit down to consider the findings and assessareas of focus looking forward. The latest report can be found on our website, but it is worth reflecting on some of the headlines here to confirm the progress we are making: 28% of our senior management population are now female (up from 11% in 2017). Looking at the overall management population, we have seen an increase from 32% female to 41% in the same timeframe. . I Looking at full time staff only, we have a negative mean pay gap, an indication of a good distribution of • female and_male staff in full-time roles at different levels across the organisation. Our overall median pay gap now stands at 7.3%, which compares very well with the·national average. Principle 6 - Stakeholders The manner in which Pinnacle Group is governed is critical to the long-term successof the business. The Board's objective is to continue to build a sustainable business through consistent, profitable growth and to make sure that we act responsibly in meeting our accountabilities to all our stakeholder community. Our brand has been built up by doing the right things the right way and reflects our core values: Respect, Involve, Trust, Challenge, and Deliver. Excellence. Good governance and effective communication are essential to deliver our purpose and to protect the company's brand, reputation and. relationships with our shareholders, customers, staff, suppliers and the local communities in which we work. -To our customers, we are committed to delivering creative, imaginative and dependable solutions.which will have a lasting and positive effect: To ou·r suppliers, we are committed to maintaining the highest standards of honesty and integrity and expect the same from them. We have rigorous processes in place to ensure that our suppliers are paid promptly, in accordance with contract terms. We are also committed to promoting the growth and development of small, localised, innovative businesses within our supply chain -10% of our supply chain spend is ring-fenced for these businesses. • To our communities, we are committed to helping disadvantaged communities, organisations and individuals to participate fully in the life of their community by delivering excellent services and investing in the long term.    and our
