   CorporateGovernancearrangements The company has elected to comply with the principles set out in the Wates Corporate Governance Principles for large private companies as the basis for its governance framework. Purposeand leadership The company is a purpose led service provider. We set out every day to make business work better b.Ya process of progress, change and enabling. We empower and enable our people to be their best. Boord composition The Board is satisfied that its current composition includes an appropriate balance of skills, experience and capabilities, including experience of recruitment, people management, technology and funding requirements. TheCompanyBoord The Board comprises four Directors, three of whom are members of the Main Group Board.    Director responsibilities The Board is responsible for delivering the Group's strategy and for its overall management of the business and meets regularly to review, formulate and approve the Group's strategy, budgets and corporate actions. Opportunity and Risk The Board considers risk to the business at each Board meeting advised by the Director of Risk & Compliance and via its businessoperations teams led by the Chief Operating Officer. The company works closely to enable growth and development of its client's business and has an .active innovation, transformation and continuous improvement agenda. The Board and senior managers are responsible for reviewing and evaluating risk and the Directors meet at least monthly to review trading performance, forecasts and new r'isk associated with changes in the economy and regulation. Remuneration Three of the directors are members of Pinsent Masons LLPand their remuneration is set by the Pinsent Masons Group remuneration committee. The remaining Director has remuneration reviewed annually through the employee annual appraisal, salary and bonus review process. Stakeholder relationships and engagement We engage with our main stakeholders - clients, employees, suppliers, and regulators - in our day-to-day activities and through formal feedback requests.
