   Company Corporate Governance Report For the year ended 26 September 2021, under the Companies (Miscellaneous Reporting) Regulations 2018, the Board has reviewed the Company's Corporate Governance status against the Wates Corporate Governance Principles for Large Private Companies, published by the Financial Reporting Council (FRC) in December 2018. The Board believes that good Corporate Governance principles are an important means of determining a process of integrity and efficiency in the Company and the wider community in which the Company operates, as well as providing a sound framework within which the business both operates and makes key decisions. While recognising that there is an ongoing need to make improvements in Corporate Governance, the Board consider that the Company is adhering to the Wates Principles in an appropriate way. Purpose and Leadership The long-term strategy and direction of the Company is determined by the Operating Board in agreement with the Pepco Group. The Company's strategy is to create amazing value for its customers every day, through price leadership and product innovation, and this is underpinned by a series of Leadership Principles in which Senior Management have been trained and engaged in their development. The purpose of the business is clearly defined through three value drivers, 'customer focused', 'people led' and 'tech enabled' and these have been present in colleague communications as well as quarterly roadshows to communicate and embed them in the culture of the organisation. Board Composition The Operating Board comprises the Managing Director, Finance Director, Logistics Director, Commercial Director, Retail and Transformation Director, IT Director and People Director. Operating Board members bring a wealth of experience from various backgrounds in Executive roles in Retail, including clothing, discount retail and large supermarket chains, as well as Merchandising, Supply Chain, Logistics and Accountancy. The chairmanship of the Company's governance Committees has been determined by relevant Directors experiences, with the Board of Directors chaired by the Manging Director, Assurance and Risk Committee by the Finance Director, Health and Product Safety Committee by the Logistics Director, and Data Governance Committee by the IT Director. The board strives to continuously build upon and improve the professional development of its members through attendance of seminars and on-going professional development courses. Director Responsibilities The Operating Board receives regular reports on business and financial performance, trading summaries and management of key business risks along with updates on the activities and decisions of its Committees. Board Members also actively attend Governance Committees as part of the governance framework, and the purpose of those Committees is provided below. The Operating Board receive regular specific training and updates from SME's in legal, compliance and internal audit. Risk Management The Operating Board seeks out opportunity while mitigating risk. Long-term strategic opportunities are highlighted in the annual business planning process presented to the Board and subsequently agreed with the Pepco Group. The Audit and Risk Committee ensures that risks are identified and managed appropriately and in a timely manner. All Operating Board members have been engaged in a formal risk management process whereby they identify and consider risks relating to their area, as well as identifying actions to mitigate risks identified. These are discussed in bi-annual Board risk workshops to update the Corporate Risk Register against a defined risk scoring criteria. Remuneration, Succession and Performance The Remuneration Committee is responsible for making recommendations to the Board concerning the Company's strategy for remuneration of all employees including executive and senior management to ensure that pay is aligned with performance. A furmal Personal Performance Review process has been undertaken with all colleagues, as well as bi-annual Talent Reviews with all senior management to assess composition and succession across the business. Stakeholder Relationships and Engagement A number of initiatives are in place to maintain strong engagement with colleagues and other stakeholders. SharePoint is used as a source of information for colleagues on key policies, procedures and guidance notes, as well as a separate intranet tool to engage with retail colleagues.
