   Corporate governance The Directors consider the annual report and financial statements to comply with all aspects of the Walker Guidelines for Disclosure and Transparency in Private Equity and also with the Wates Principles.    Wates Principles Our values are: • We treat patients and each other as we would like to be treated • We act with integrity • We embrace diversity • We strive to do things better together These values inform expected behaviours and practices throughout the organisation. They are integrated into the different functions and operations of the business. This includes medical governance, internal assurance, employment practices, risk management, and compliance frameworks. The Board, shareholders and management are committed to embedding this culture throughout the organisation. This is effectively monitored through patient feedback, employee surveys, CQC feedback and all the wider NHS accreditation and monitoring mechanisms. l. Purpose and leadership The Board has built a strategy and business model to generate long-term sustainable value. Practice Plus Group is a diversified Health Care organisation and each discreet business unit or service line has its own strategy, which is regularly reviewed and validated. The Board is responsible for ensuring that the strategy is clearly articulated and implemented throughout the organisation, and that it, along with the company values, supports appropriate behaviours and practices. The Board has lead on the establishment of transparent policies in relation to raising concerns about misconduct and unethical practices. The Board manages conflicts of interest and a balance is struck between short-term targets or needs, and long term aspirations. 2. Board composition The Chair, who is an independent non-executive, leads the Board and is responsible for its overall effectiveness, promoting open debate and facilitating constructive challenge and discussion. The ultimate Group Board comprises six individuals, four of whom are non-executive and two executives, the CEO and CFO. Two of the non-executives represent the majority shareholder. The Board has the appropriate combination of skills, backgrounds, experience and knowledge that promotes accountability and incorporates objective thought. It provides constructive challenge to achieve effective decision-making.    3. Directors' responsibilities The Board has established and maintains corporate governance practices that provide clear lines of accountability and responsibility to support effective decision-making. The Group has set out, in its Delegation of Authority Matrix, the policies and practices that govern the internal affairs of the company. The Board's policies and procedures support effective decision-making and independent challenge. Full Board meetings are held monthly and the following sub-committees are in place: • The Audit and Risk Committee, • The Remuneration Committee and • The Medical Governance Committee They are all chaired by Non-Executives and meet as required. The terms of each committee are set out in the Delegation of Authorities Matrix, including authorities delegated to it. The Board retains responsibility for all final decisions. The authority, accountability, role and conduct of Directors is clear. Directors are aware of potential conflicts and have a process to identify and manage this risk. The Directors act in the ways they consider, in good faith, are most likely to promote the success of the company for the benefit of its members as a whole, and in doing so have regard to: (a) The likely consequences of any decision in the long term; (b) The interests of the Company's employees; (c) The need to foster the Company's business relationships with suppliers, customers and others; (d) The impact of the Company's operations on the community and the environment; (e) The desirability of the Company maintaining a reputation for high standards of business conduct; and (f) The need to act fairly as between members of the company The Chair and the Company Secretary periodically review the governance processes to confirm that they remain fit for purpose. They consider any initiatives which could strengthen the governance of the Group. 4. Opportunity and risk The Board regularly considers and assesses how the Group creates and preserves value over the long-term. This includes both tangible and intangible sources of value, and the stakeholders that contribute to it. N~w business opportunities are considered and approved at board level. The Board has responsibility for the organisation's overall approach to strategic decision-making and effective risk management (financial and non-financial), including reputational risk. This requires oversight of risk and how it is managed, and appropriate accountability to stakeholders. The Board has established an internal control framework and systems that are in place to manage and mitigate both emerging and principal risks. There is frequent risk reporting and clear points at which decisions are made and escalated. Risk is principally managed through the Medical Governance and Audit and Risk sub committees and responsibilities include: • developing appropriate risk management systems that identify emerging and established risks facing the company and its stakeholders; • determining the nature and extent of the principal risks faced and those risks which the organisation is willing to take in achieving its strategic objectives (determining its 'risk appetite'); • agreeing how the principal risks should be managed or mitigated and over what timeframe to reduce the likelihood of their incidence or the magnitude of their impact; • establishing clear internal and external communication channels on the identification of risk factors, both internally and externally; and • agreeing a monitoring and review process.    5. Remuneration The Board has established executive remuneration structures that are aligned with performance, behaviours, and the achievement of company purpose, values and strategy and the delivery of long-term sustainable success. This takes account of the broader operating context, including the pay and conditions of the wider workforce and the company's response to matters such as any gender pay gap. •Remuneration decisions have been· delegated to the Remuneration Committee, which is chaired by a Non-Executive Director. It is responsible for designing remuneration policies and structures for Directors, senior management and the organisation as a whole. 6. Stakeholder relationships and engagement Directors foster effective stakeholder relationships aligned to the Group's purpose. The Board oversees meaningful engagement with stakeholders and has regard to their views when taking decisions. Stakeholders include the workforce, customers and suppliers, regulators, the NHS, pensioners, creditors and community groups.
