   Statement of corporate governance arrangements Throughout the financial period ended 2 April 2022, the Company's parent company, Premier Foods plc, applied ·the principles of the 2018 UK Corporate Governance Code published by the Financial Reporting Council. Consequently, the Company has not applied a full corporate governance code but has applied the following Wates Corporate Governance Principles for Large Private Companies (published by the Financial Reporting Council ('FRC') in December 2018. Principle 1 - Purpose and leadership The Company's purpose, business model, strategy and values are aligned with that of the Group and are set out on page 2 of the Strategic Report. Principle 2 - Board Composition The Board comprises the Group Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, as well as members of the Group's Executive Leadership Team to ensure that the balance of responsibilities, accountabilities and decision making are effectively maintained. The size and composition is appropriate to the Company's business. Principle 3 - Director Responsibilities Board meetings are schedule as appropriate over the course of the year (usually monthly) and papers are circulated in advance of the meetings to allow directors to consider the matters to be discussed. Directors receive regular updates on the performance, strategy, operational matters (including health and safety), customer relations and KPis relating to the Company and the Group. Directors consider their repsonsibilities under secion 172 of the Companies Act 2006 and any potential conflicts of interest relating to the matters being discussed, at the start of each meeting. Principle 4 - Opportunity and Risk The Company's approach to Risk management and the principle risks and uncertainties facing the Company are set out on pages 4, 5, and 7 of the Strategic Report, respectively. Principle 5 - Remuneration The remuneration of the directors (who comprise the Group Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer and members of the Group's Executive Leadership Team) are the responsibility of the Remuneration Committee of Premier Foods plc. Remuneration for the directors is set within the context of the remuneration policy for the wider workforce. The key differences of quantum and structure in pay arrangements across the Company reflect the different sizes of roles and levels of accountability required for the role and that directors and senior management have a much greater emphasis on performance-based pay through the annual bonus and long term incentive arrangements. Salaries for management grades are normally reviewed annually (currently in July each year) and take account of both business and personal performance. Specific arrangements are in place at each manufacturing site and these may be annual arrangements or form part of a longer term arrangement.    Principle 6 - Stakeholders Details of the Company's engagement with stakeholders is set out on pages 3 to 4 of the Strategic Report.
