   Corporate governance statement The directors have chosen to apply the Wates Corporate Governance code in the year ended 31 March 2022, and report accordingly. • Purpose and Leadership Our board operates a clear strategy which we discuss annually and liaise with our senior management teams on. All directors act with integrity on behalf of all stakeholders, especially our workforce, regarding all companies within the Group, and in a way to promote the success of all Group·companies. We remain absolutely committed to our core principles - passionate about people, quality, first class service and innovation. •Board Composition Our board is diverse and well balanced, covering all disciplines .within the business. It has an executive chairman and a Chief Executive Officer, as well as two experienced non-executive Directors. Four members of our board also form the remuneration committee, which oversees the pay, and the terms and conditions for the whole Group. Director Responsibilities The board comprises executive Directors who cover all disciplines the group faces, from operations to finance. Our non-executive directors, together with the Executive Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, regularly review the composition of the board and confirm that it remains fit for purpose to achieve the long-term strategy the board sets out each year, as well as monitoring performance against pre-set criteria for board reporting. There is a separate remuneration committee comprising four board members, as well as two members who maintain our risk register. Opportunity and risk As a board we remain committed to our core service offering and geographical market. We are always on the look-out for opportunities within these parameters, and carefully seek to identify specific targets within them. We have limits on the value of revenues we derive from any one client to avoid commercial risk. We maintain an active register, and this is reviewed and upgraded at every board meeting. Remuneration Remuneration across the Group is set by the remuneration committee, comprising of two executive board members and two non-executive board members, who hear remuneration proposals from each head of department. We are keen payers of the London Living wage for our operational staff and are members of the London Living wage foundation. Stakeholder relationships and engagement We hold regular updates with all our teams. For the senior teams these are presented on many occasions throughout the year, and for the wider operational staff, this is via our in-house magazine, Oneprinciple. We. welcome feedback from all our staff. We meet regularly with our key suppliers at director level, as well as meet with our customers throughout the year as much as we can.
