   Corporate governance Board performance and the effectiveness of the corporate governance structure are evaluated on an ongoing basis to ensure compliance with regulatory, legal and business requirements. The financial reporting framework that has been applied in the preparation of the financial statements is applicable law and United Kingdom Accounting Standards (United Kingdom Generally Accepted Accounting Practice). The financial statements have been prepared in accordance with the provisions of The Large and Medium-Sized Companies and Groups (Accounts and Reports) Regulations 2008 (SI 2008/410), as well as Financial Reporting Standard (FRS) 101: Reduced disclosure framework. This UK standard allows the use of adopted International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRS) with reduced disclosures where allowed by the Companies Act and associated legislation. As a wholly owned subsidiary of QBE Group, the board of the Company (the board) is not bound by the UK Corporate Governance Code (the Code). The Company adopts the Wates Corporate Governance Principles for Large Private Companies ('Principles'). In accordance with The Companies (Miscellaneous Reporting) Regulations 2018, set out below is an explanation of how the Company has applied each ·of the Principles. Principle 1 - Purpose and leadership The Company is a wholly owned subsidiary of QBE Insurance Group Limited ('QBE Group'} which acts as a business processing center, providing IT-enabled support services and coordinates such support with global cost centers. As part of the wider QBE Group, our purpose is enabling a more resilient future. Further details on engagement with our stakeholders are provided within the Section 172 statement on page 5 and under Principle 6 on page 5. The Board ensures that its obligations to its shareholder and other stakeholders are understood and met. The QBE Group's culture is underpinned by the QBE DNA, which comprises seven behavioural elements and are outlined on page 5. Principle 2 - Board Composition The Company's Board comprises one Executive Director and four Non-Executive Directors. The Chair of the meeting is determined at each Board meeting, and is generally the most senior Director present. Directors have equal voting rights when making decisions and the Chair has a casting vote when required. All Directors have access to the advice and services of the Company Secretary and are able to seek professional advice at the Company's expense. In 2021, the Board comprised of QGSSL Philippine Branch's Chief Group Shared Services Officer (CSSO), QBE Group's General Counsel, QBE Group's Head of Finance, QBE Group's Chief Risk Officer and QBE Group Executive, Operations and Technology. The Board met several times during the year. The Board considers that the experience and areas of focus which each Board member brings to the Company results in a balanced team. Taking account of the Company's nature of business, scale and complexity, the size and composition of the Board is considered to be appropriate. Principle 3 - Director Responsibilities Accountability - The Company supports good governance to ensure the right safeguards are in place and that the key and important decisions taken are underpinned by appropriate, clear and accurate information and data. Whilst Board oversight is always maintained, key decisions are made by QGSSL 's Senior Leadership Team (SL T) under delegated authorities. Integrity of information - The QGSSL Board receives information on all relevant key aspects of the business 'including financial performance, risks and operational matters, supported by performance report on service level attainment, budget adherence and other metrics. Principle 4 - Opportunity and Risk A Board should promote long-term sustainable success of the company by identifying opportunities to create and preserve value and establishing oversight for the identification and mitigation of risks. QGSSL seeks out opportunity whilst mitigating risk.    Opportunity - Long term strategic opportunities are highlighted in the annual strategy process which is discussed by the Board through the year. QGSSL seeks out opportunities as part of the strategic initiatives agreed. Short term opportunities to improve performance, resilience and liquidity are reviewed and managed by the SLT. Risk - The Governance, Risk and Compliance (GRC) function in QGSSL assists in achieving QBE Group's vision and values by pursuing opportunities and managing risk effectively. QGSSL's risk management overview, risk strategy, risk culture, risk management framework, risk management program as well as the principal risks and uncertainties QGSSL faces and how they are managed are outlined on pages 7 to 9. Principle 5 - Remuneration As part of the wider QBE Group, QGSSL is an active equal opportunities employer and promotes an environment free from discrimination, harassment and victimisation, where everyone receives equal treatment and career development regardless of age, gender, nationality, ethnic origin, religion, maritas status, sexual orientation or disability. All decisions relating to employment practices (including remuneration) are objective, free from bias and based solely upon work criteria and individual merit. • • QGSSL's efforts to foster a diverse workforce is outlined in employee programs section on page 12. No remuneration extended to QGSSL's Directors while senior managers and other employees' remuneration are guided by QBE Group's global remuneration framework. QGSSL's Rewards· function directly reports to QBE qrollp Rewards team. Principle 6 - Stakeholders The Board is clear that good governance and effective communication are essential to deliver QGSSL's purpose and to protect the Company and QBE's interest as well as its brand, reputation and relationships with all our stakeholder community including our employees, customers, communities and the environment in which we work. QBE Group focusses on sustainability and making positive contributions where we operate by working with our c~stomers, partners and communities to address key economic, social and environmental issues. The Board continues to seek to align the Company's direction with the shareholder's long-term aspirations for sustainability, growth, diversification and investment. •
