   Corpornte Governance Arrangements In accordance with the provisions of The Companies /Miscellaneous Reporting) Regu!Jtions 2018, the Company has chosen to apply the Wates Corporate Governance Principles (the ~Principles"/ tor Large Pr,·vate Companies tor reporting 1n relation to the 2021 financial year. The Princrplcs, and an explanation of how each Principle has been addressed by tile Cornpany, ;:ire set out below    The Board fs fully engaged in the Company's efforts to enhance its existing products. as well as its expansion into new areas as it seeks to offer what customers want and to drive the long-term sustainable growth of the Company. All material business development The Company has a clear purpose. to prov:de Complete Peace of Mind to our members op~ortunit1es .:ire subject to a detailed and rigorous board review and approval process. The Company has a clear purpose. to prov:de Complete Peace of Mind to our members for their driving needs, w,th a focus on differentiation and innovation to set 1tapart A formal risk management ["amework is 1nplace for the 1dent1f1cation.monitoring from the competition. This is aligned to the strategy to deliver long term sustainable anc management of risks, which is overseen by the Board Audit. Risk and Compliance growth. which is at the forefront of decision making. underpinned by a quality customer Committee. During the course of 2021 the Board has overseen the Company's response experience enabled by oeople, digital platforms, and data. The Company understands to Covid-19, ensuring that a~•propriate action has been taken to ensure tho continuity of that the delivery of the strategy is only possible through its people and their success services to customers and the health and safety of both customers and colleagues. In ;nd1vidually and collectively, WdS reflected 1ncontinued strong engagement scores in adcition, the Boilrd continues to oversee and monitor the impact of Brexit. engaging with 2021, brocidly in line with the 2020 engagement scores. The CO'Tlpanyvalues have now key suppliers in order to ensure continuity of supplies now that the Brexit transition period been 1nplace for over three years and together with the passion. commitment and hac ended , integrity of colleagues, the vcilues Me well embedded in the RAC culture. CEO r1;view: pages 10 - 13 1 Strategic Management Report: pages 28- 33 I Risk Managem~~t Report: ~ages 34 - 47 Remuneration 1sultimately overseen by the Board Remuneration Committee, which The Board provides practical leadership to the Company and has an appropriate bJlcince is responsible for agreeing t1e individual remuneration packages !including pension of executive and non-executive directors and of skills, knowledge, and experience rights, compensation payments and other benefits] for each of the CEO,the Chairman. appropriate to meet the strategic needs and challenges of the orgc1nisat1onand to each executive director, and other senior executives of the Group. The Remuneration enable effective decision making. Evaluation of the effectiveness of the Boc1rdand other Committee is also responsible for incentive and bonus arrangements and awards, committees takes place on a regular basis and in 2020 a Board Composition Review including setting the relevant targets for performcince related schemes. 1he Committee was undertaken resulting in some changes to the membership of the Board and its ensures that the remuneration policy is aligned with the Company's sustainable long-Committees, including the appointment of Patrick Gale [independent non-executive term growth by ensuring thcit the remuneration prcictices across the Group operate in d1rectorl as Chair of the Rcgulc1tedEntlt1es Bocird, reolc1cing M;irk Wood lindependent line with PRA and FCA requirements and, specifically that they do not drive inappropriate non-executive director) who co<1t1nues;is a member of the Regulated Entities Board arid behaviours. ensuring a focus on regulatory adherence supporting the delivery of positive chciir of the Board Risk, Audit and Compliance Committee. A further evaluation of the ! customer outcomes. effect1ven1?ssof the Board and other committees 1splanned for 2022 to 1denl1fyany ;:irccis for continued improvement in the overall governance ot the Group. The Group continues to publish its gender and pay reporting externally. Corporate Governance Report: p;iges 50 - 59 Remuneration Committee: nage 51, Directors Report: pages 72 - 79 l here is a clear division of responsibility between the Chairman. the Executive Directors. and the Non-Executive Directors. ClcJc Terms of Reference fo· the membership and respons1b1l1t1esof the various Board Committees supports effective deC:s;on making and ensures that the Board receives regular and timely information on all key aspects of the business including, the financial performance of the business. operational matters, colleague engagement. health and safety. data protection, strategy and l:SG matters. all supported by key performance indicators [KPlsl. Corporate Governanc1; Report: pages JO- 09 A formal risk management ["amework is 1nplace for the 1dent1f1cation.monitoring    he Companyis clear that goodgovernanceand effective communicationwith its stakeholdersis critically important to ensure the tong-term sustainabilityof the businessand ensures effective engagement and due regard to their viewswhen taking decisions. Colleagues !he Company hJs severJl initi;itives to encour·age feedback and communication , colleague engagement forums and surveys, with the launch of 'MySurvey 2021' in 202.1.a change to our existing survey framework. aimed Jt simpllf1cat on tor colleagues to enable focus on the key issues tor colle.:igues; CEO 'round table' , discussions, and; strategy brreting sessions. Our intranet also continued to be import;int method of commun1cat1on Jnd feedbJc~ between collec1guesand the executive team. Also, in 2021 the Group continued its collecigue wellbeing in1Latives and focus on mental health aw;ireness with the introduction of mentcil health first aiders across \he business alongside J range of virtual social enqagement activities to co11tinueto support collea(Jucs through the Covid 19 pandemic ICustomers In terms of customer engagement. surveys c1reconducted to determ,ne lhe Net ' Promoter Score [NPS] which 1sused JS a tool to p1npo1ntJreas for improvement and to continually enhance the customer journey. The NPS scores are regularly discussed and cons1dereCal Board meetmgs. The Company's soc<al media ch;innels provide a useful medium in which to allow customers to interact directly with the Company 24 hours a day, seven dc1ysil week. In 2021 the business set up the 0Jta Ethics Co,7m11teeand , framework to ensure that. over and above our legJl and regulatory requirements. we have active consideration and a.comrnon view on what 1srig"lt and lair w1en processing Community The Company strives to create long-term benefits for the community by creating links with char,tablc associations :ind cont,nu1ng to support its chnc;en charities in 2021 JS well as settin<J up an RAC Patrol Apprenticeship scheme in Lon:Jon Suppliers Positive supp(1er engagement 1simperative in ensuring the effective prccurerncnt a'"ld supply of goods Jnd services which 1scritical to the smooth running of the business The RAC Group continues to publish data ev1denc1ngits payment performance as part ol the duty to reporl on p;iymcnt practices and performance. In 20L1 the Group published its Sustamao1l1lyPolicy Jnd Supplier Code ot Conduct setting out its expectations of its suppliers and the requirement for their commitment to reduce their environmental imp;ict. Regulatori When engaging with its regulc1tors the Company 1sopen and transp:irent and any such engugr,ment 1sconsidered and discussr,d at Board meetings, where directors can provide apJropriate guidance .:ind support. The Company also ensures that 11proactive in ensuring Pt1scompliant ;md up to rfole on all leg.slcJtiveand regulator'( requirements    Shareholders 7 The Company engages pos·1t·1vclyand proactively with its shareholders and enjoys effective .:ind regul:ir engagement with its two principal shareholders, representative~ , of whom are appointed lo the Board as non-el(ecut1ved1rec\ors. Corporate Governance Report: pages ~O- 59 Corporate Social Responsib1l1tyReport: pages 60 - 71 Direc\ors Report: pages 72 - 79
