   Corporate governance statement For the year ended 30 June 2021, the Company voluntarily adopted the Wates Corporate GovernancePrinciples for Large Private Companies as a measure of good practice for the governance of large private companies. The Wates Principles are to be adopted on an 'apply and explain' basis, and provide suggested guidance as to how companies might achieve each of the respective principles. The TFSL Board sets the overall governance framework for the Group. The framework is structured to enable the directors of all entities within the Group to have the necessary tools to make the key principal decisions crucial for creating long-term value, whilst meeting stakeholder expectations, and legal and regulatory requirements. Principle How the principle has been applied during the year Principle 1 - purpose and leadership An effective board develops and promotes the purpose of a company, and ensures that its values, strategy and culture align with that purpose. • The TFSL Board sets the Group's objectives, taking into account key stakeholders and ensures that the necessary experience, skills and resources are in place to help our customers, partners, colleagues, community, and our wider society realise their ambitions by making finance work. More information on the Group's strategy can be found in the Strategic review in the TFSL Annual Report and Accounts. • In June, the TFSL Board approved the revised Purpose and Vision for the Group. The work builds on the Group's existing success and will support the achievement of the Group's future ambitions both for Together and for its stakeholders. • This year, the performance management process was enhanced to include a requirement for . colleague objectives to be linked to the Group's objectives to create a clear golden thread of alignment between colleague performance and individual contribution to the achievement of the Group's strategic aims. • The TFSL Board recognises the importance of having a diverse and inclusive culture at Together and the part it plays in helping the Group to achieve its future ambitions. During the year, the TFSL Remuneration & Nomination Committee approved the approach to a new diversity and inclusion strategy for the Group. More information on this can be found in the Environment & Society Report in the TFSL Annual Report and Accounts. Principle 2 - board composition Effective board composition requires an effective chair and a balance of skills, backgrounds, experience and knowledge, with individual directors having sufficient capacity to make a valuable contribution. The size of a board should be guided by the scale and complexity of the company. • The TFSL Chair leads the TFSL Board and facilitates open debate and constructive discussion whilst ensuring that the Executive Directors receive appropriate challenge. The role of the Chair and CEO is not exercised by the same individual. • The TFSL Board has a wealth of knowledge relevant to the specialist lending sector and the Board benefits from three non-executive directors who provide challenge and bring a range of knowledge and expertise from both the financial services sector and elsewhere. In January, the TFSL Remuneration & Nomination Committee discussed the TFSL Board's composition and independence and agreed that it remained appropriate for the Group. The Committee committed to formally reviewing the TFSL Board's composition on an annual basis to ensure that it continues to have the appropriate skills and experience to support the Group in achieving its future strategic objectives. • The approval of directors taking external appointments is a matter reserved for the TFSL Remuneration & Nomination Committee. This ensures that directors continue to have sufficient capacity to make a valuable contribution to the Group and that there are no material conflicts. • In August, the TFSL Remuneration & Nomination Committee approved the appointment of Chris Adams as Interim Group Finance Director to replace John Lowe who stepped down from the TFSL Board in September. Chris was previously Group Financial Controller and Head of Financial Reporting and brings to the role strong accounting and financial services experience and understanding of the Group's finance function, financial risk management and the Group's governance arrangements. Chris is a standing attendee at all TFSL Board meetings. This appointment was made permanent after the year end. • In accordance with directors' duties under s.177 and s.182 of the Companies Act 2006, directors are asked at each meeting to declare any interests which may give rise a conflict. Interests are logged by the Company Secretary and directors absent themselves from discussions for which they are conflicted as appropriate. During the year, the Group Conflicts of Interest Policy was reviewed and updated with the output of an external benchmarking exercise to ensure that processes continued to reflect the Group's ethical and regulatory responsibilities in regards to colleague interests including those of the Board.    Principle 3 - directors' responsibilities The board and individual directors should have a clear understanding of their accountability and responsibilities. The board's policies and procedures should support effective decision making and independent challenge. • The Company Secretary works with the chairs to ensure that agendas are structured to facilitate appropriate discussion and challenge. Board and committee agendas are structured in line with objectives to focus discussions on the key business deliverables required to support the achievement of longer term goals alongside operational updates. • The TFSL Board and committees receive information in a timely manner via a secure Board portal to maintain confidentiality. • All TFSL Board and committee actions are monitored and tracked to completion to ensure that, alongside comprehensive and accurate minutes, a complete record of decision making is maintained. • Reporting of management information on key governance activity is provided to each Board meeting by the Company Secretary via a governance dashboard. The dashboard provides a clear view of how the circulation of packs and minutes are tracking against agreed SLAs. The Company Secretary and chairs use this information to monitor activities and ensure that governance processes continue to facilitate effective decision making and adhere to best practice. • During the year, the Company Secretary undertook a review of the Group's governance framework. The review was requested by the Group and divisional chairs and CEOs to understand whether the governance structure continued to be the most appropriate and effective for the size, structure and complexity of the· Group. The review concluded that whilst the structure remained appropriate and effective, a further review was recommended to identify improvements to enhance the efficiency of the existing framework. Principle 4 - opportunity and risk A board should promote the long-term sustainable success of the company by identifying opportunities to create and preserve value, and establishing oversight for the identification and mitigation of risks • During the year, the Group's strategic priorities have been reconsidered in light of the post pandemic macroeconomic climate. More information on the Group's strategy can be found in the Strategic Review in the TFSL Annual Report and Accounts. • The TFSL Risk Committee operates under delegated authority from the Board on matters of risk management and internal controls. More information on the Committee's activities can be found in the Corporate Governance and Committee Structure section in the TFSL Annual Report and Accounts. • The Group enterprise risk management framework provides a formalised structure for the risk management of the Group. The TFSL Board reviews and approves the risk appetite statements and associated limits and early warning triggers on an annual basis or more frequently if required. More information on the principal risks and uncertainties facing the business and risk management framework can be found in the Risk management section. • The Group continues to focus on the transformation and modernisation of key business processes and the benefits of efficiencies achieved through automation are regularly re.ported to the Board through a suite of operational KPis. More information on this work can be found in the Operating Review in the TFSL Annual Report and Accounts. In April, a deep dive session was held for the TFSL Board to provide technical information on proposals for material IT infrastructure changes, the aim of the session was to ensure that the Board had opportunity to understand the risks as well as the benefits associated with proposals prior to approval being sought at a special Board meeting. During this session, the Board sought assurance that the customer experience would not be disrupted by the proposed infrastructure works and that the appropriate 2 nd and 3 rd line assurance would be undertaken throughout the project. The Board will provide ongoing oversight of the infrastructure changes through the provision of updates from Group COO at scheduled Board meetings until project completion. Treasury and financial risk updates are standing items on the TFSL Board agenda to ensure that the Board remains informed on the funding and liquidity position of the Group. Updates are comprehensive and agendas are structured to allow time for detailed discussion. Individual transaction proposals are brought back to the TFSL Board to consider their risks and benefits with appropriate input from both internal SMEs and external advisors prior to approval.    A board should promote executive remuneration structures aligned to the long-term sustainable success of a company, taking into account pay and conditions elsewhere in the company. • The TFSL Board delegates authority to its Remuneration & Nomination Committee. More information on the activities of the Committee can be found in the Corporate Governance and Committee Structure section in the TFSL Annual Report and Accounts. • In March, the TFSL Remuneration & Nomination Committee approved a new approach to pay and reward following feedback from the Executive team, people managers and colleagues from across the Group. The changes included more discretion for managers to decide the appropriate level of performance related bonus payments within an agreed range, and a flat salary increase for eligible colleagues in line with economic conditions and company performance. During the year, the Group also commenced an external benchmarking exercise to ensure all colleague salaries continued to be in line with market expectations. Principle 6 - stakeholder relationships and engagement Directors should foster effective stakeholder relationships aligned to the company's purpose. The board is responsible for overseeing meaningful engagement with stakeholders, including the workforce, and having regard to their views when taking decisions. More information on stakeholder engagement and employee engagement, including engagement during the Covid-19 pandemic can be found in the Stakeholder Engagement Report. • During the year, board and committee reporting was enhanced with the introduction of a revised executive summary. The new format aims to clearly and concisely highlight the key elements of a report, including which stakeholders the reader should consider in their decision making. More information on how the TFSL Board has taken stakeholder requirements irito consideration when making key decisions can be fourid within the Section 172 statement in ·the TFSL Annual Report and Accounts. • In May, the TFSL Board approved a revised Purpose and Vision for the Group. As part of the development of the Future Vision, workshops were held with colleagues from around the business in order that colleague feedback could be fed into proposals; the output of the workshops were presented to the Board. The TFSL Board recognises the importance of ensuring that the Group's strategy has colleague support and provides a future for Together that colleagues want to play their part in. • This year, the TFSL Board appointed Liz Blythe, Non-Executive Director of our Personal Finance Board, as Group Diversity Champion. Liz was involved in discussions about the Group's new diversity and inclusion strategy from inception, and will continue to engage with colleagues, senior leadership, and the Boards about ways in which diversity and inclusion can be encouraged and fostered at Together.
