   Corporate Governance Statement Introduction Reed is committed to good corporate upholding of our values. governance, which supports the running of a responsible business and the This Corporate Governance Statement explains how, for the year ended 30 June 2021, Reed has managed its corporate governance responsibilities by applying the Wates Corporate Governance Principles in compliance with The Companies (Miscellaneous Reporting) Regulations 2018. Principle 1: Purpose and Leadership An effective board develops and promotes culture align with that purpose. the purpose of a company, and ensures that its values strategy and In the early 1960s, Reed pioneered specialist recruitment in the UK. Seven decades on, we have become the world's largest family-run recruitment business, with offices spanning across the UK, Europe and Asia. With access to the UK's largest candidate database and expertise across 20 specialist sectors, we are-committed to ensuring that people are at the heart of everything we do to ensure we fulfil our purpose: improving lives through work. There are three core values at Reed: We are Fair, Open and Honest we treat everyone with fairness and respect we act with integrity we are true to our commitments We Take Ownership we respond swiftly to execute our promises we take responsibiiity for providing solutions we hold ourselves accountable for our actions We Work Together we work in partnership and build sustainable trusted relationships we value a diverse workforce and respect the contributions of all we support our customers and colleagues in achieving their goals Reed's annual strategy was confirmed early in the financial year under the direction of the Board. The strategy clearly defines priorities, direction and targets for all co-members, to understand and enable teams to set their priorities and make the right choices based on Reed's overall goals. Reed ensures its purpose and values are clearly articulated to co-members via effective channels of engagement, including co-member surveys. It is through these engagement channels that Reed has implemented its inclusion and belonging strategy, "Being yourself at work. Every. Single. Day". We have appointed diversity champions across Reed to raise the voice of our co-members and steer our commitment to inclusion and belonging to drive initiatives such as improving diversity reporting; women in leadership; race and ethnicity mentoring schemes; and disability awareness. James Reed, our Chairman, actively engages with the business via regular office restrictions allow) and a two-way blog where business updates are regularly posted presence within Reed, promoting its ethos, inclusion & belonging, engagement environmental sustainability. visits (where and maintains and increasing C ovid-19 his visible focus on Principle 2: Board Composition Effective board composition requires an effective chair and a balance of skills, backgrounds, experience and knowledge, with individual directors having sufficient capacity to make a valuable contribution. The size of the board should be guided by the scale and complexity of the company.    The leadership and responsibility for the overall effective running of the Board sits with the Reed Chairman. The Board comprises two executive Directors (including the Chairman) and two independent non-executive Directors ("independent NEDs"), the latter of which serve limited terms of office and are not selected from former members of the Group to ensure their independence. The Board's size and balance between executive and non-executive Directors is appropriate to facilitate prompt and effective decision making. The Board delegates some of its responsibility to the Audit and Risk Committee, chaired by an independent NED, which reports to the Board and has documented Terms of Reference that are reviewed and approved by the Board. A short biography knowledge is below: for each Board member, detailing their appropriate skills, background, experience and James Reed MA, MBA, FCIPD - Chairman and Chief Executive of Reed. James Reed has been the Chief Executive and Chairman of Reed since 1997 and 2004 respectively, when he took over the role from his father and founder of the Reed Group, Sir Alec Reed. He is a regular media commentator on work and labour market issues, with recent appearances including BBC News, Sky News, BBC Radio 2 and The Apprentice. He has contributed insight to a wide range of publications including the Financial Times, Harvard Business Review and The Sunday Times. James is also a best-selling author of four books, Life's Work: 12 Proven Ways to Fast-Track Your Career, The Happy Recruiter: The 7 Ways to Succeed, The 7 Second CV: How to Land the Interview, and Why You?: 101 Interview Questions You'll Never Fear Again. He also co-authored Put Your Mindset to Work with Dr. Paul Stoltz. James has an MA in Philosophy, Politics and Economics from Oxford University, an MBA from Harvard Business School and is a Fellow of the Chartered Institute of Personnel and Development (CIPD). Nigel Marsh ACMA, MBA - Group Chief Financial Officer of Reed. Nigel Marsh has been the Group's Chief Financial Officer since being appointed to the Board in 2014. Nigel joined Reed in 2007 as Finance Director of the main recruitment business and progressed through a range of finance and commercial roles in the UK and internationally. He is also Trustee of an associated pension scheme and a not-for-profit, charitable website. Nigel's background is within commercial blue-chip organisations, including General Motors, Rolls Royce and FujiFilm. He is a Chartered Management Accountant and holds an Executive MBA from Ash ridge Management College. Anita Dougall BA - Independent Non-Executive Director. Anita Dougall is a founder and CEO of Sagacity Solutions, an innovative technology company dedicated to helping organisations increase revenues and profitability through the use of its specialised solutions for Utilities, Water, Energy, Telco and Financial Services. Anita's operational expertise underpinned by advanced technology and data solutions allows her to add significant value to businesses by improving their customer experience and financial performance. Prior to setting up Sagacity, Anita held senior positions within the finance and commercial teams at One 2 One (T-Mobile and now EE), having started her career as an Energy analyst at NatWest Markets. Anita has a BA in Political Economy from Greenwich University. Clifford Tompsett Committee. MA, FCA- Independent Non-Executive Director and Chairman of the Audit & Risk Clifford Tompsett is a Fellow of the Institute of Chartered Accountants in England and Wales with over 40 years of experience advising companies and their boards on financial matters including financial reporting, internal controls, risk and governance. He is a former audit, capital markets and transaction partner at PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP where he worked for 37 years until he retired in 2017. More recently he has been the Senior Independent Director and Chairman of the Audit and Risk committee of Cello Health pie, is a Non-Executive Director and Chairman of the Audit Committee of Kismet Acquisition Two Corp, and Kismet Acquisition Three Corp, Nasdaq listed SPACs, and is a Trustee of RAFT, a medical research charity. He has an MA in Chemistry from Oxford University. The independent NEDs have broadened the Board's skills, knowledge and experience, _challenge the Board to develop insightful strategies and deliver strong performance. • and    The independent NEDs' prior working experience brings expertise on governance, audit, accounting, innovation in technology, data analytics and improving customer experience, in addition to perspectives from outside the sectors in which Reed operates. Reed is committed to ensuring that the composition of the Board continues to comprise Directors who possess the diversity of skills and experience required to fulfil the role, and fully supports the professional development of all board members. The Board has adopted standardised documentation and receives key performance indicators in the form of Balanced Scorecards for each key trading entity covering financial, commercial, people, and social responsibility matters in a timely fashion ahead of each meeting. The Chairman facilitates a constructive relationship between the Executive and Non-Executive Directors, enabling the Independent NEDs to discuss Board agendas ahead of meetings, challenge current practices, and communicate with senior executives outside of meetings. A formal effectiveness review of the Board took place in June 2021 and has assessed that the Board is competent and well run and has the potential to become more effective by taking forward some key observations. These included a more active role in remuneration matters and a deeper insight into risks and risk management via the Audit and Risk Committee. Principle 3: Director responsibilities The board and individual directors should have a clear understanding of their accountability The board's policies and procedures should support effective decision making and independent and responsibilities. challenge. The Board normally has a programme of four quarterly meetings every year, plus an additional meeting for strategic planning. An additional meeting was also held in July 2020 to review the Group's continuing response to the Covid-19 pandemic. During FY21,there was full attendance at all Reed board meetings and the only conflict of interest declared was a data compliance and governance project with Sagacity Solutions, which Anita Dougall, as a director of that business, had no involvement with. The Board is responsible for establishing the culture, values and framework within which Reed operates, and is responsible to stakeholders for the direction and oversight of the Company to ensure its long-term success. It provides leadership, oversees strategy, ensures the necessary resources are available and sets policies, key operational initiatives and standards. The primary committee of the Board is the Audit and Risk Committee which meets once a quarter. This committee is chaired by independent NED, Clifford Tompsett, who has extensive experience of financial reporting and risk management and can appropriately challenge and influence the Board. The Audit & Risk Committee supports the Board by reviewing the comprehensiveness and reliability of assurances on governance, risk management, control environment, and the integrity of Reed's financial statements and annual report. Reed has increased its reliance on data and recognises the importance of accurate and relevant information, driving its investment in a new system for data interrogation and reporting. Board members receive regular and timely business reports from each business on areas such as financial performance, strategy, operations and environmental impact, each supported by Key Performance Indicators to keep the Board informed of Reed's performance, position and long-term sustainable success. Principle 4: Opportunity and Risk A board should promote the long-term sustainable success of the company by identifying and preserve value, and establishing oversight for the identification and mitigation of risks. opportunities to create The Board has a focus on future opportunities for innovation and entrepreneurship. Short-term opportunities are highlighted through Board Meetings, executive reporting and subsidiary company Boards, whilst longer term strategic opportunities are reviewed through the annual Strategic Review process. The Board continues to be supportive of the work of the Director of Group Risk & Screening to campaign on behalf of workers to digitise ID checking, which was successfully applied to online right to work checks at the beginning of the pandemic. There is a range of future strategic opportunities that the Board reviews regularly due to the evolving nature of the labour market, the future of work, and the impact of technological innovation. The Board, with assistance from the Audit and Risk Committee, has oversight on how risk is managed and responsibility for determining the nature and extent of the principal risks the Company is facing, the overall risk appetite, and for Reed's internal control framework.    The Group has developed robust procedures to identify, monitor and manage risk via a Risk Assurance Committee, which meets quarterly and receives reports from the subsidiary companies on any emerging or established risks which are considered to have an impact on stakeholders or may impact Reed's business objectives. During 2021 the Group appointed a Risk and Governance Manager to support it in developing its evolving procedures to identify, monitor and manage risk. Reed has an in-house audit function which provides assurance to the Board, via the Audit and Risk Committee, about the effectiveness of internal controls, risk management and governance processes. RSR and Reed in Partnership hold certifications approaches to risk management. Principle 5: Remuneration for ISO 9001 and ISO 14001 and incorporate these into their A board should promote executive remuneration structures aligned to the long-term company, taking into account pay and conditions elsewhere in the company. sustainable success of a Remuneration is based on performance, behaviours, demonstration of company culture and values, and achievement of business goals. Remuneration is linked to the adherence to company culture and values, as demonstrating these behaviours is an integral part of working for Reed. Clear policies on remuneration exist to ensure consistency across Reed. The Board recognises the importance all subsidiary companies. of closing the Gender Pay Gap, which is supported by clear policies across The Board has considered the appropriateness of forming a Remuneration Committee and continues to regard existing remuneration policies and processes as appropriate to the needs of the business. This is now augmented with greater oversight from the full board following the board effectiveness review. Principle 6: Stakeholder Engagement Directors should foster effective stakeholder relationships aligned to the company's purpose. The board is responsible for overseeing meaningful engagement with stakeholders, including the workforce, and having regard to their views when taking decisions. As a family-run group of companies, Reed has a strong emphasis on corporate responsibility and a track record of social impact, philanthropy and sustainability. Reed is committed to being a Carbon Neutral organisation and complies with ISO14001, which assesses environmental impact. Our commitment to social impact is driven by our company purpose: 'Improving lives through work', and we have three pillars of social impact. Further information around the Reed Group's https//www.reed.com/our-social-impact. corporate social responsibility commitments can be found at The Board understands the importance of communication across constituent groups. The Company has developed a Stakeholder Map to help identify, define, and engage with stakeholder groups. This map outlines the interests, issues, and methods of communication with each group and can be found at www.reed.com/corporate-governance. For co-members, Reed collects monthly survey results across all subsidiary companies, operates idea initiatives, as well as having whistleblowing processes in place as routes for anonymous feedback to be reported. There is also two-way communication via the Chairman's online blog and new digital communication routes have also been established utilising Microsoft Yammer as a quick and accessible channel for questions, discussions and feedback. For all principal decisions, the Company engages with and obtains feedback as appropriate from any affected stakeholder groups. Reed also has extensive Evaluation of Service processes in place across customers and co-members. Board Directors directly oversaw the refurbishment of Reed's Northampton 900 freehold facility, engaging with co-members via working groups and surveys to optimise key operational elements of the building, and directly engaged with corporate bankers regarding potential financing during the Covid-19 pandemic. Directors also engaged directly with shareholders to agree that a FY21 dividend would not be paid. Reed's overall position and future prospects are assessed within the going concern basis of the Directors' Report.    Wates Variations Reed has applied the Wates Corporate Governance Principles in compliance with its corporate governance obligations under The Companies (Miscellaneous Reporting) Regulations 2018. We expect there to be continued evolution in the oversight of risk during the upcoming financial year to allow for the further enhancement of its identification, monitoring and management processes.
