   Corporate governance For the year ended 31 December 2021, under The Companies (Miscellaneous Reporting) Regulations 2018, the Company has applied the Wates Corporate Governance Principles for Large Private Companies (published by the Financial Reporting Council in December 2018 and available at www.frc.org.uk). Details of how the Company has complied with the principles and supporting guidance are set out below. Principle 1 - purpose and leadership Purpose The values of RSA and Intact are strongly aligned and in February 2022 RSA formally adopted lntact's purpose and values. Our purpose is to help people, business and society prosper in good times and be resilient in bad times', Values and culture In line with our purpose, the Company's values are (i) integrity, (ii) respect, (iii) customer-driven, (iv) excellence, (v) generosity. Our values are designed to guide our decision making and everything that we do. The Company's values underpin how the Company seeks to deliver for its customers and its other stakeholders. RSA continues to be a people-centred business which aims for a culture of high perfonnance, where working together as a team is valued and the business invests in its people. There are various mechanisms in place to monitor and assess culture, including employee surveys and cultural health assessments. Principle 2 - Board composition The directors of the Company are named on page 1, and their biographies can be found on the Group's website www.rsagroup.com. The Board is composed of the Chairman, two executive directors and seven non-executive directors (three -of which are shareholder nominated directors). The non-executive directors provide independent challenge to the executives. There is a clear division of responsibility between the Chairman and the Chief Executive. The Company's board is composed of the same directors as the RSAIG board. The Board is responsible for reviewing the structure, size and composition of the Board and committees and is responsible for ensuring appropriate succession plans are in place for the Board and reviews executive succession planning. The Board recognises the importance of diversity, including gender, social and ethnic backgrounds, and of cognitive and personal strengths. The Board values the breadth of perspective that such diversity can bring and the beneficial effect it can have on the Board's effectiveness. As at the date of this report, the Board is composed of 30% women. The Company will continue to seek out opportunities to further improve diversity and inclusion on the Board and across the Company while always seeking to appoint the most appropriate candidates based on merit. The Board considers that five members of the Board are independent of the Group. The non-executive directors, led by the chairman, seek to challenge the executive on their execution of the Company's operating plan and strategy. The non-executive directors ensure there is objective judgement in all Board decisions. The chairman encourages a culture of openness and debate. Effectiveness The Board conducts an annual review of its effectiveness, including engagement of an external provider to cany out a review every three years. Due to the acquisition by Intact during 2021 and the appointment of a new Chairman and five non-executive Directors it was decided to that an effectiveness review would not be undertaken in 2021 and that an externally facilitated review would be completed in the second half of 2022. Principle 3 - director responsibilities Accountability .The Board is committed to effective governance, sound risk management and a robust control environment. We consider the foundation of an effective risk management framework to be the cultivation of a risk culture that promotes accountability and openness (a willingness to admit mistakes and learn from the past). A key part of our culture is ensuring that our customers are at the heart of all we do, and our staff are passionate about achieving good customer outcomes. We give considerable attention to ensuring our customers are treated fairly.    Committees In order that it can operate efficiently and give the right level of attention and consideration to relevant matters, the Board delegates authority to the Audit Committee, the Risk Committee and the Governance, Conduct and Remuneration Committee for relevant matters. The Board shares these committees with the RSA Insurance Group Limited and Regent Bidco Limited. Further information on the work of the committees can be found in the Annual Report and Accounts of RSAIG. Integrity of information The Board receives regular and timely information on all aspects of the Company's business. This includes financial performance, strategy, performance against the operational plan, internal audit, risk and compliance, and governance. Internal processes and systems are robust which ensures that management information is accurate and timely. The Company's financial statements are audited by KPMG LLP on an annual basis. Principle 4 - opportunity and risk Opportunity The long-term opportunities for the Company are aligned with the its ultimate owners the Intact Group. Risk The Company's principal risks and uncertainties are integrated within and managed together with the principal risks of the RSA Group. The principal risks and uncertainties of the RSA Group, which include those of the Company, are set out in the Risk Management note on pages 35 to 42 of the Company's Accounts and the Strategic report of the 2021 Annual Report and Accounts ofRSAIG. Responsibilities The Risk Committee supports the Board to ensure that the key risks to the Group are identified, understood and effectively managed within risk appetite. The Risk Committee advises the Board on risk management matters, including solvency needs and the risk management arrangements for the Group. It monitors the Group's solvency by reviewing the outputs of the ORSA process, the Internal Model and conclusions of model validation, making recommendations to the Board on capital adequacy. The primary purpose of the Corporate Audit Services' (CAS) (Internal Audit) is to 'keep RSA safe and improving'. Specifically, it helps the Board and executive management to protect the assets, reputation and sustainability of the RSA Group and the Company. CAS does this by assessing whether all significant risks are identified and appropriately reported by management and the second line of defence to the Board and executive management; assessing whether they are adequately controlled and by challenging executive management to improve the effectiveness of governance, risks management and internal controls. The CAS is an independent and objective function reporting to the Board through the Audit Committee. CAS's scope of activities is unrestricted, and its audit universe extends to all legal entities, joint ventures and other business partnerships, outsourcing and reinsurance arrangements. It includes first line of defence control validation and second line of defence assurance activities, and the system of governance as set out under Solvency II. Principle 5 - remuneration Setting remuneration The Governance, Conduct & Remuneration Committee reviews and challenges the Company's remuneration policy and ensures this promotes the long-term sustainable success of the Company. This includes challenging and setting the remuneration of executive directors and the Chairman of the Board. The Committee also reviews workforce remuneration and related policies. It also ensures alignment between incentives and culture, and takes these into account when setting the policy for executive director remuneration. Principle 6 - stakeholder relationships and engagement Information on the Company's stakeholder relationships and engagement can be found in the section 172 statement on pages 3 to 6 of the Company's Strategic report.
