   Wates Corporate Governance Principles The Company is a wholly-owned subsidiary of J Sainsbury pie and our governance and business decisions are· integrated with J Sainsbury pie and its subsidiaries (the 'Group'). For the year ended 5 March 2022, under The Companies (Miscellaneous Reporting) Regulations 2018, the Company has applied the Wates Corporate Governance Principles for Large Private Companies (Principles). The Company is a wholly owned subsidiary of J Sainsbury pie, which has complied in full with the Principles and Provisions of the UK Corporate Governance Code 2018 except for Provision 38 (further details can be found in the 2022 Annual Report for J Sainsbury pie on page 60). Below sets out how the Principles have been applied over the past year. Principle 1 - Purpose and leadership During the year, the Board was involved in developing the Group's purpose and strategic priorities. Details of the which can be found on pages 9 to 23 of the 2022 Group Annual Report. Details of the strategic priorities and the Group's progress against them can be found on pages 9 to 23 of the 2022 Group Annual Report. Feedback from stakeholders was taken into account when determining the Group's strategic priorities, details of which can be found on pages 24 to 29 of the 2022 Group Annual Report. Principle 2 - Board composition As at 5 March 2022, the Board consisted of ten members and their biographies can be found on our website https://about.sainsburys.co.uk/about-us/our-management#operatinq-board. As the Company is a wholly owned subsidiary of J Sainsbury pie, it concentrates on the day-to-day management of the Group and execution of strategy set out by the Board of J Sainsbury pie. The Board of J Sainsbury pie has independent Non-Executive Directors that oversee the work of the Company and provide constructive challenge and ensure efficient decision- making. The Board size and structure and succession planning is constantly reviewed to ensure it aligns with business' needs and the needs of our stakeholders. • Diversity and inclusion We are committed to being a truly inclusive retailer where every single one of our colleagues can fulfil their potential and where all our customers feel welcome when they shop with us. We embrace and actively promote diversity, inclusion and equity and aim to reflect the diverse communities we serve. The Group's Operating Board provide clear and committed leadership and accountability of our inclusion agenda, With members of the Operating Board acting as sponsors across wellbeing, diversity and inclusion, and our Colleague Networks. To ensure continued progress in this space, the governance of diversity and inclusion is a regular part of the Operating Board agenda. The Group's aspirational target is for 50 per cent female, 12 per cent ethnically diverse and 3 per cent black representation specifically in senior management roles by 2022. As at 5 March 2022, of the ten members of the Board, 40% are women. For more information, see our Gender Pay Report on our website. https://about.sainsburys.co.uk/sustainability/better-for-everyone/gender-pay-gap.    Principle 3 - Director Responsibilities Matters not specifically reserved for J Sainsbury pie have been delegated to the Board supported by Terms of Reference. Each Director has a range of responsibilities, which are detailed in their biographies on our website. To support its work the Board has delegated certain powers to Committees, each of which has approved Terms of Reference setting out its areas of responsibility. The Committees include the Business Performance Review, Group Data Governance Committee, Group Safety Committee, Group Operational Resilience Committee, Plan for Better Steering Committee and the Customer, Commercial and Channels Forum. For more information about these Group Committees, see page 61 of the 2022 Group Annual Report. Principle 4 - Opportunity and Risk Details of our business model can be found on pages 7 and 8 of the 2022 Group Annual Report. The risk management process is embedded by the Board and is supported by the bottom-up risk process within divisions and governance forums. The Board maintains an overall corporate risk map. Emerging risks and opportunities are formally assessed by the Board and continue to be monitored on a regular basis. Directors certify annually that they are responsible for managing their business objectives and internal controls to provide reasonable, but not absolute, assurance that the risks in their areas of responsibility are appropriately identified, evaluated and managed. • For more information on the Principal Risks and Uncertainties, see pages 38 to 50 in the Group's Annual Report. The internal controls framework encompasses controls relating to financial reporting, operations, compliance, and risk management. More information can be found on page 77 in the Group's Annual Report. Principle 5 - Remuneration Pay and benefits for colleagues across the business is integrated within the Group's remuneration structure. The Group's objective is to have a fair, equitable and competitive total reward package that encourages colleagues to serve and help eyery customer, drives profitable sales and provides opportunities for colleagues to share in the business's success. • The Group Board determines the pay and benefits for colleagues across the business and the Group Remuneration Committee is responsible for: • • Determining and agreeing with the Board the Remuneration Policy for the Chairman, Executive Directors and the Operating Board Directors • • Setting individual remuneration arrangements for the Chairman, Executive Directors and Operating Board •Directors • Reviewing and noting the pay and benefits applying to colleagues across the Company and taking these into account when determining executive pay • Approving the service agreements of each Executive Director, including termination arrangements • Considering the achievement of the performance conditions under annual and long-term incentive arrangements Principle 6 - Stakeholders The Board has always deeply engaged with the Group's purpose, vision, values and goals recognising that they underpin everything we do as a business and help us strengthen relationships with our key stakeholders. It is the day-to-day responsibility of individual Directors to engage directly with stakeholders relevant to their roles and to provide this feedback to the Board at each meeting.    The disclosure below provides further detail on how the Board has engaged with stakeholders. Who are our stakeholders? The Group (in which Sainsbury's Supermarkets Limited is a subsidiary) How do we enaaae with them? Through the Group Operating Board and other Group Committees detailed in the 2022 Group Annual Report on page 61. Feedback from the Directors that are also members of the Group Operating Board. Customers Our customers shop with us in stores, online and on our mobile app. Customer feedback and overall metrics on consumer sentiment and trends were shared regularly with the Group Board and Operating Board. The Group Board heard what mattered to customers through: - 2. 7 million responses per year across our Sainsbury's and Argos customer feedback oroorammes (CSAT)    Colleagues Our colleagues include everyone who is •employed by the business. The Group Board engaged directly with colleagues through the National Great Place to Work Group, our Workforce Advisory Panel. It received presentations on culture, colleague engagement, talent retention and progression from our Group HR Director, and regular summaries from the Chief Executive Officer on key initiatives. Colleagues were updated on decisions made following their feedback through regular internal communications from the Chief Executive Officer and Operating Board members. Our colleague engagement activities include the following: • Non-Executive Director meetings with National Great Place to Work Group members to directly understand the views of colleagues from across the business via their elected peers • Continual feedback through internal channels, including live presentations, question and answer sessions and internal social media discussions with the Operating Board • Honest, confidential colleague feedback on what it is like to work for the business through our annual colleague engagement survey, 'We're Listening', to inform improvements over the year • Colleague feedback through . topic-specific 'temperature check' surveys throughout the year, helping us to understand colleagues' views and sentiments, enabling the Group Board and Operating Board to act swiftly • Regular updates provided to the Group Board, Remuneration and CR&S Committees on culture, engagement, diversity and inclusion, and colleaoue oav Communities \ We play an active role in our communities, supporting them through charitable endeavours and generating a positive impact on our communities worldwide. Customer and colleague feedback provided the Group Board with valuable information on how we can best support our customers and local communities, particularly in relation to the pandemic and household financial challenges. Partnering with Neighbourly, an award-winning giving platform that helps businesses make a positive impact in their communities by redistributing supermarket store-level surplus food to people in need, is an example of one of many initiatives we have put in place to suooort our communities. Shareholders The Company's shareholder is J Sainsbury pie. J Sainsbury pie is a listed, public limited company and has institutional, large investors and private shareholders. The Board receives regular updates from the board of J Sainsbury pie through the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer. The Board attends the annual strategy conference with the board of J Sainsbury pie, and the Directors from both companies meet on an adhoc basis, as necessary. The Board also receives reports and updates on J Sainsbury pie shareholder relations. These summarise key feedback from its principal shareholders.    Who are our stakeholders? How do we engage with them? Suppliers We have Goods For Resale (GFR) suppliers that supply products for food, general merchandise and clothing and Goods Not For Resale (GNFR) suppliers supporting all functions including Logistics, Marketing, Technology and Retail. Our suppliers range from large multi- national companies to small independently run businesses The Group Board is cognisant of the impact its decisions have on suppliers and receives regular updates on supplier relationships. Working collaboratively with our suppliers helps us deliver innovation in food and we continue to build stronger relationships with exclusive brands. In order to maintain consistent communication with our suppliers, they have access to online supplier portals, enabling the sharing of news and development of new ways to work together. Management actively engage with both the GFR and GNFR supply chains to manage key risks, including the impacts of COVID-19, global supply chain issues and inflation on stock levels and logistics. This enabled us to manage our supply chain and continuity of supply to customers. Additionally, key supplier meetings with the Board are held to further enhance communication with these stakeholders. We take part in annual, independent surveys which benchmark us against other retailers and highlight areas for improvement; these include the Supplier Advantage survey and Groceries Supply Code of Practice supplier survey. The CR&S Committee received updates during the year on the outcomes of these surveys, which helped shape supplier-related initiatives. Government and regulators The UK Government and devolved administrations in Scotland, Wales and Northern Ireland set the regulatory environment in which our business operates. The Board receives updates when regulation is relevant to the business through summaries on the following activities: • Engagement with government through Parliamentary and party events • Public responses to government consultations • Direct meetings • Trade association meetings • Government organised roundtables • Participation in Government organised forums such as the Food and Drink Sector Council • Liaison with regulators, including the Grocery Code Adjudicator and HMRC For further information on stakeholder engagement which applies throughout the Group, see pages 24 to 29 of the Group's Annual Report. As per Section 54(1) of the Modern Slavery Act 2015, our Slavery and Human Trafficking Statement is published annually on our Group website. The statement covers the activities of the Group and details the steps taken during the year ended 5 March 2022 to prevent modern slavery and human trafficking in our own operations and supply chains.
