   schuh limited, as part of the US-listed group Genesco Inc., places a high regard for effective corporate governance in all areas. Under The Companies (Miscellaneous Reporting) Regulations 2018, schuh has applied the Wates Corporate Governance Principles for large private companies as its framework for disclosure· regarding its corporate governance arrangements. Details of how the Company has applied.the Wates Principles throughout the year are outlined below. Principle l - Purpose and Leadership Our culture and business principles - we have adopted a range of beliefs and values that underpin the culture at schuh and form the basis of the business principles on which the organisation is built. These are found throughout the entire organisation and focus on all areas. We have also included some of the particular Customer and Workforce examples within the Section 172 statement above. • We aim to over-deliver against expectations and try not to make a promise or give an undertaking unless it is achievable. This applies equally to customers, suppliers, colleagues and other stakeholders in the business. • We encourage leadership by example. We prefer discussion and explanation rather than the issuing of orders. We respect action more than words. Everyone is encouraged to succeed, rather than being afraid to fail. • Decisions are based only on what is right for the business. No individuals or groups benefit at the expense of their colleagues or the Company. We want to achieve success but not at the expense of our integrity. • When we operate according to these values and beliefs we instinctively know that we give our business the best chance to grow and prosper. Principle 2 - Board Composition Our formal board of Directors is made up of both schuh Operating Directors and those of our ultimate parent company, Genesco Inc., a US-listed company. We also have an· operational board of eight Directors and Director-designates who are collectively responsible for the management and effective oversight of the Company's business .. The Management Team has a range of skills across the board, from relevant business degrees and professional qualifications to time-served in both the schuh business and other like organisations in the past. We regularly review the make-up of this Management Team to ensure that all relevant skills are present, equally that we have a diverse and representative range of views on all operational matters, and that where a particular knowledge or experience gap may be identified this is remedied by either supplementing with advice from a group company or a skilled and relevant appointed third party. The Managing Director leads this operational board and is responsible for ensuring that those making decisions on behalf of the company have access to all relevant information in order to inform decision-making. The operational board also has full unrestricted access to other senior management who may attend regular board meetings to update on specific areas of their expertise. They also have regular contact with the parent company operational management board, as well as access to all professional advice and services of third parties pertinent to their respective areas or to inform on best practice on general board decisions. The board considers that its size and composition is appropriate to its function to oversee and manage the Company. There are three Directors who are also employees of the business and have operational management roles in the Company as well as an equal number of Directors who are employees in operational management roles within the parent entity. This team is then supplemented by another six Director-designates all in operational roles which between them covers all operational and business functions and areas. Principle 3 - Director Responsibilities The Directors assume ultimate responsibility for all matters, and along with the senior Management Team are committed to maintaining a robust control framework as the foundation for the delivery of good governance, including the effective management of delegation through the Corporate Governance Framework.    The Board and Management Team are supported by both its parent company in all Corporate Governance matters (including an internal audit team) and other Senior Managers to make recommendations on various matters delegated to them under the Corporate Governance Framework. Management team/Board meetings are managed and controlled by the Managing Director and occur at least every four weeks if not more frequently, have formal agendas but also allow for open debate and for adequate time for all participants to consider any proposals put forward. The Finance Director and each Management Team member are collectively responsible for the provision of accurate and timely information for each and every meeting. Every meeting also allows for any other matters to be raised by all participants. Formal notes are taken at each meeting and circulated afterwards for everyone's approval, with any key decisions being recorded. Principle 4 - Opportunity and Risk The schuh operational board will regularly focus on what opportunities are being presented to the b~siness and also regularly undertake risk reviews. There is an also an annual risk exercise undertaken as part of the internal audit process with its parent company; looking at risk for the entire group and on a global basis. We will regularly engage with relevant third parties both on exploring.additional and relevant business opportunities but also to assess any unidentified risks and evaluate appropriate mitigation protocol. What we believe are the currently identifiable principal risks and uncertainties are detailed previously in the Strategic Report on page 4. Principle 5 - Remuneration The Company will always ensure that remuneration is reviewed on a regular basis and is commensurate with all applicable laws regarding national minimum and national living wages within each of the territories within which the business operates. The remuneration of the management team will be set in conjunction with the parent company, Genesco Inc. As well as a market view, this will also factor in Company performance and profitability. Principle 6 - Stakeholder Relationships and Engagement Within the Section 172 statement above as part of the overall Strategic Report, we have detailed there the business perspective on key stakeholders and areas ·of engagement; these being Customers, Workforce, Suppliers, Environment and Purpose.    Other stakeholder engagement    A statement on engagement with suppliers, customers and others in a business relationship with the company is included as part of the Section 172 statement; please see page 6.
