   STATEMENT OF CORPORATE GOVERNANCE ARRANGEMENTS The Board has considered the Companies (Miscellaneous Reporting) Regulations 2018 (the 'Regulations'). Companies ,that meet certain thresholds are required to report under four corporate governance reporting regimes: 1. Stakeholder Engagement - A statement on how Directors have engaged with stakeholders and how Directors have had regard to stakeholder interests. 2. Corporate Governance - A statement on the Company's Corporate Governance Arrangements and how these have been applied. 3. Employee Engagement - A statement on how Directors have engaged with employees and how Directors have had regard to employee interests. 4. Section 172 - A statement on how Directors have had regard to their Section 172 duty to promote the success of the Company, as set out in the Companies Act 2006. The Company has adopted all four of these reporting regimes (Corporate Governance Requirements). In readiness, the Com.pany has established a governance programme to ensure Directors are able to comply with these Corporate Governance Requirements. Internal controls in relation to the Group's financial reporting process The Board of Directors is ultimately responsible for the Company's internal control systems and risk management. The Company's system of internal control and embedded risk management, which have been in place throughout the year, help to safeguard the assets and are designed to manage, rather than eliminate, material risks to the achievement of the business objectives. The Board recognises that these systems can,provide only reasonable, and not absolute, assurance against material misstatement or loss. Accordingly, the Directors have regard to what controls, in their judgement, are appropriate to the business, to the materiality of the risks inherent in the business and to relative costs and benefits of implementing specific controls. Internal control is maintained through an organisation structure with clearly defined responsibilities, authority levels and lines of reporting, the appointment of suitably qualified staff in specialised_business areas and continuing investment in high-quality information systems. These methods of control are subject to periodic review as to their implementation and continued suitability. There were no changes in the Company's internal controls over financial reporting during the year covered by this report that has ·materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the Company's internal control over financial reporting. Internal audit The Board of Directors has established the scope of the internal audit function which is responsible for reviewing the effectiveness of the Company's systems of internal control and reports to the Audit Committee of the Board. The internal audit manager reports to the Audit Committee on the audit programme, progress against the programme and any follow-up actions on a bi-monthly basis.    Wates Principles For the year ended 31 March 2022, under the Companies (Miscellaneous Reporting) Regulations 2018, the SGN Group, including Scotland Gas Networks pie has applied the Wates Corporate Governance Principles for Large Private Companies, published by the Financial Reporting Council (FRC) in December 2018. A full copy can be viewed on the FRC's website. The Wates Principles provide a framework for the SGN Board to monitor corporate governance of the SGN Group and see where governance standards can be raised to a higher level across the business. We believe this, in turn, will result in better engagement with our stakeholder base. The governance framework will also provide the right environment for the Board to make decisions for the long-term success of the SGN Group. The six Wates Principles are as follows: 1. Purpose and leadership An effective Board develops and promotes the purpose of a company, and ensures that its values, strategy and culture align with that purpose. 2. Board composition Effective Board composition requires an effective chair and a balance of skills, backgrounds, experience and knowledge, with individual Directors having sufficient capacity to make a valuable contribution. The size of a Board should be guided by the scale and complexity of the company. 3. Director responsibilities The Board and indivi<;lual Directors should have a clear understanding of their accountability and responsibilities. The Board's policies and procedures should support effective decision-making and independent challenge. 4. Opportunity and risk A Board should promote the long-term sustainable success of the company by identifying opportunities to create and preserve value, establishing oversight for the identification and mitigation of risks. 5. Remuneration A Board should promote executive remuneration structures aligned to the long-term sustainable success of a company, considering pay and conditions elsewhere in the company. 6. Stakeholder relationships and engagement Directors should foster effective stakeholder relationships aligned to the company's purpose. The Board is responsible for overseeing meaningful engagement with stakeholders, including the workforce, and having regard to their views when taking decisions.    Corporate Governance In the following section of the Directors' Report, we describe how we have applied the Wates Principles in line with its 'comply or explain' model and confirm full compliance with its principles for the reporting year ended 31 March 2022: Principle 1 - Purpose and leadership An effective Board develops and promotes the purpose of a company, and ensures that its values, strategy and culture align with that purpose. Our purpose is to serve our communities by keeping everyone safe and warm. It's why we exist. Our values are safety, innovation, reliability, openness and respect. Our vision is to give our customers the best clean energy experience. The Board is responsible for ensuring that values, strategy and culture are aligned with our corporate purpose. Our strategy embeds our purpose, vision and values as key elements to ensure our stakeholders' interests are central to our long-term success. During the financial year, SGN's employees, the Executive Committee and the Board were engaged to establish the new purpose, vision and values as represented above. More than 1,300 colleagues were involved in this engagement programme. Throughout we have worked with our stakeholders to ensure we are delivering our business plan in RIIO-GD2. Looking ahead to FY21/22, we will embed our new purpose, vision and values and make sure our workplace culture is consistent with these values and our developing ESG reporting framework. Principle 2 - Board composition Effective Board composition requires an effective chair and a balance of skills, backgrounds, experience and knowledge, with individual Directors having sufficient capacity to make a valuable contribution. The size of a Board should be guided by the scale and complexity of the company. The Board comprises eight Non-Executive Directors, including a separate Chair to the Chief Executive, to ensure that the balance of responsibilities, accountabilities and decision making are effectively maintained. The Chief Executive, Chief Financial Officer and Company Secretary attend each Board meeting. Two Independent Non-Executive Directors also sit on the Board of Scotland Gas Networks pie. The Independent Non-Executive Directors bring outside experience in utilities, energy policy and finance, and provide constructive challenge and influence. The composition of the Board is partly determined by the Shareholders' Agreement, and it is considered to be in the best interests of the Group for the CEO, CFO and each shareholder to be represented at meetings. We consider that there is an appropriate combination of skills, backgrounds, experience and knowledge that promotes accountability. Towards the end of financial year, and as a result of the share sale by SSE, ADIA and Omers, 6 new Directors have been appointed to the Board who bring a wealth of experience and come from a range of background. All new Directors have undertaken a comprehensive induction programme led by each executive team member to introduce them to SGN.    For FY22/23 the Board remains committed to improving diversity throughout the Company in terms of gender, ethnicity, disability and age, and its People and Reward Committee and is actively engaging with the Shareholders to ensure that diversity and inclusion remains a key objective for the selection and appointment of shareholder appointed Directors. Principle 3 - Director responsibilities The Board and individual Directors should have a clear understanding of their accountability and responsibilities. The Board's policies and procedures should support effective decision-making and independent challenge. The Company has a separate Chair and CEO to ensure that the balance of responsibilities, accountabilities and decision making are effectively maintained. The Board receives regular reports on financial and operational performance, customers, people and stakeholders and management of key business risks along with updates on activities and decisions of its committees. Independent Non-Executive Directors provide constructive challenge to the Boards decision-making process. The Board continues to be supported by the work of the Board Committees. During the year, a review of the Board .Reserved Matters was completed and continues to be rolled out, to ensure the balance of responsibilities, accountabilities and decision making is maintained between the Executive Committee, Board and new subsidiary companies within the Group, as the Group continues to grow and diversify. In FY22/23, once the new Board has become fully embedded, a Board effectiveness review, will be undertaken. A review of the Board training schedule is also planned to ensure the training provided to the Board remains robust and relevant for each year and will also be aligned with any training needs identified following the outcome of the Board effectiveness review. Principle 4 - Opportunity and risk A Board should promote the long-term sustainable success of the company by identifying opportunities to create and preserve value, establishing oversight for the identification and mitigation of risks. The Board seeks out opportunity while mitigating risk. Long-term strategic opportunities and high value investments are presented to the Board. The Executive Committee ensures that inherent and emerging risks are identified and managed appropriately and in a timely manner updating the risk register for any changes in underlying conditions and reporting this through to the Board. Operational and safety risks are regularly reviewed by the Risk and Resilience Committee and financial risks by the Audit Committee. The Board formally reviewed and challenged the key strategic risks both at the half and full year point. This encompassed a formal review of emerging risks taking insights from independent sources to help shape this discussion. The Board reviewed the risk appetite and target risks in FY21/22 to ensure these reflect the RIIO-GD2 plan and pathway to decarbonisation. The Board also reviewed key investment opportunities. In FY 22/23 key strategic risks are again on the Board Agenda at both the half and full year points and key investment opportunities will continue to be reviewed by the Board throughout the year. The Group risk management framework is being reviewed in 22/23 and any key changes proposed to the framework will be considered and agreed by the Board.    Principle 5 - Remuneration A Board should promote executive remuneration structures aligned to the long-term sustainable success of a company, considering pay and conditions elsewhere in the company. The People and Reward Committee has clearly defined terms of reference and is responsible for making recommendations to the Board concerning the Group's remuneration strategy, recruitment framework and long-term incentive plans for senior executives. The Committee takes advice from independent external consultants who provide updates on legislative requirements, best market practice and remuneration benchmarking. The primary objective is to set remuneration at a level that will enhance the Group's resources by securing and retaining quality people who can deliver our Strategic Pillars and long-term value for its existing and future customers, stakeholders and shareholders. In FY21/22, the Board (following a recommendation from PARCO) approved the annual salary review of all employees for cost of living and agreed to proposed changes to both the short-term and long-term incentive plan framework for the Financial Year ensuring these measured both the financial and non-financial performance. The Board also approved a thank you payment to all employees (excluding the Executive) for their commitment and hard work during Covid-19. In FY22/23 with the support of PARCO the Board is committed to ensure the talent and succession for the Group's Executive is suitable for the group's long-term success and diversity and inclusion plays a key role across the Group. A Talent Review is planned and will be combined with diversity and inclusion data. This will then be liised to feed into the review of the remuneration for key talent. Principle 6 - Stakeholder relationships and engagement Directors should foster effective stakeholder relationships aligned to the company's purpose. The Board is responsible for overseeing meaningful engagement with stakeholders, including the workforce, and having regard to their views when taking decisions. The Board is aware of the broader impact it has on its various environments, its customers and society in general, and has established corporate social responsibility policies and practices for the Group. The Board is committed to social responsibility, community engagement and environmental sustainability as underpinned by our strategic priorities. Our priority during this year has been our continuing focus on our core purpose, to keep everyone safe and warm, with the carbon impact of the gas network and creating a sustainable future for the business also becoming increasingly important priorities. Regular two-way engagement with our stakeholders has been central to this, and their feedback continues to shape our decision-making. Our stakeholder, Environment and Customer Committee (SECC) continued to meet during the year, taking account of stakeholder feedback and insight as they continued in their commitments to decarbonise the gas network and further develop our ESG strategy and reporting framework. We will continue to build our engagement by agreeing a formal, but dynamic, Board stakeholder engagement plan to ensure we continue to foster relationships and put stakeholders at the heart of how we deliver our business.    Our Board is led by our Chair, Nick Salmon, who was appointed on 1 March 2021 and is responsible for the effective running and management of the Board. The roles of Chair and Chief Executive Officer are separate, with clear divisions of responsibilities. Board of Directors The Board of Directors is comprised entirely of Non-Executive Directors and is the principal decision-making forum for the Company. Directors are nominated to the Board in accordance with the terms of the Shareholders' and Governance Agreement. The Board is collectively responsible for the long-term success of the Company and for setting of a clear purpose, vision and sustainable strategy which creates value for existing and future customers. stakeholders and shareholders. It provides the leadership necessary for the Company to meet its business objectives while ensuring a sound system of internal control and risk management is in place. The powers and the duties of the Directors are determined by legislation and by the Company's Articles of Association. The Board has also adopted a formal schedule of matters detailing key aspects of the Company's affairs reserved to it for decision. Board constitution and appointments The Board of Directors comprises eight Non-Executive Directors. This consists of a Non-Executive Chair and seven Non-Executive Directors. Each of the non-executive Directors are chosen for their diversity of skills and experience. The Non-Executive Directors scrutinise, measure and review the performance of management; constructively challenge and assist in the development of strategy; review the Company financial information; and ensure systems of internal control and risk management are appropriate and effective. Roles and responsibilities for each Board Member, Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer and Group Company Secretary can be found on page 41 followed by their biographies on page 51. Board Committees During the year the Board was directly assisted in the discharge of its duties by five Board Committees and dedicated GD2 Board meetings, whose remit, authority and composition are monitored to ensure continued and appropriate Board support. Each of the Board Committees provides dedicated focus to a defined area of responsibility. Board Committees act as an advisory body, with the Board retaining oversight and final decision making, except where otherwise delegated by the Board in which case the Committee will act within their agreed authority. Board Committee membership is determined by the Board. Prior to determining membership, the Board will consider the subject matter of the Committee's purpose and duties to ensure that the membership addresses its specific needs. Membership will assess technical skills, knowledge and experience whilst recognising the benefits associated with diversity. Each Board Committee is chaired by a Non- Executive Director. Further information on the Board committees is set on pages 42 to 50    Board effectiveness The Group Company Secretary, Chief Executive Officer and Chair conducted a governance review and gathered Board feedback on its effectiveness including areas such as Board paper quality, timeliness, Board meetings and engagements for the financial year. From this, a governance action plan for 2021/22 had been developed focusing on areas of continuous improvement for the Board. As part of this, the Board had a strategy day which focused on unregulated growth and energy transition arrangements. Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer Below the Board, executive responsibility rests with John Morea, Chief Executive Officer (CEO) and Mick Carmedy, Chief Financial Officer (CFO). The CEO and CFO are each employed by the Group and are not Directors of the Company although attend each Board meeting. They are supported by the Executive Committee. Executive Committee Day-to-day management of the Company is delegated to the Executive Committee which meets monthly and is chaired by the Chief Executive Officer and whose membership includes the Chief Financial Officer and leaders of each business unit. The Executive Committee is in turn supported by its own operational and assurance framework with defined roles and responsibilities including relevant delegated authorities. Boa.rd and Executive Reporting To ensure that all decision making is well-informed, transparent and balanced, careful consideration is given to information provision and flows within the governance framework. During the year the Group Company Secretary worked with Board Intelligence Limited to provide refresher training to Board and Committee paper authors on best practice paper writing to support the provision of high-quality information and effective decision making. This exercise involved reinforcing the use of best practice paper templates which seek to help focus the Board on what matters (including checks against their Section 172 duties). Refresher training on dashboard reporting (displaying key performance data and rapid insights on the overall health of the Company) was also provided to streamline reporting across the Group at a Committee level. Board information is distributed digitally, instantly and securely via the Board Intelligence platform once available. The Group Company Secretary is responsible to the Board for the timeliness and quality of information. All Directors have access to the advice and services of the Group Company Secretary. Conflicts of interest With effect from 1 October 2008, the Companies Act 2006 has introduced a statutory duty on Directors to avoid conflicts of interest. During the year, the Group Company Secretary formally reviewed all the Directors' reported actual and potential conflicts of interest. The Board then considered and recorded each Director's reported actual and potential conflicts of interest. In addition, conflicts of interest and governance are included as standing agenda items for every Board Meeting. The Group Company Secretary periodically reviews the Board protocols and governance framework to confirm that they remain fit for purpose and considers any initiatives which could strengthen the governance of the Company and decision making. Shareholders SGN has three supportive shareholders. The Board interacts with the shareholder members on a regular basis and always acts fairly with members of the Company.    Board Meetings There were six scheduled meetings of the Board in the year and three further Board calls in line with the agreed plan of business for the year, and details of Director attendance can be found on page 49. In the months between full Board meetings, a Board update call provides the opportunity to discuss key business developments, and emerging issues and opportunities, with arrangements also in place should a Board decision or approval be required outside of the above times. In total there were nineteen Board meetings and calls during the year. Scheduled meetings of the Board follow an agreed format, with agendas being developed from the Board's annual plan of business and tailored to reflect the current status of projects, strategic workstreams and the overarching operating context. Finalisation of meeting content is a collaborative process involving the Chair, Chief Executive, Chief Financial Officer and the Group Company Secretary, who ensure adequate time is allocated to support effective and constructive discussion. Board engagement out of the Boardroom The Board also ensures it spends time out of the Boardroom with stakeholders. During the year the Board was impacted by what physical engagement it could undertake due to social distancing, however the Board were able to undertake an employee engagement session with a number of employees towards the end of the year. The Board plans to resume stakeholder engagement sessions going forward. Board activity The Board splits it's time between steering and supervising the organisation across strategy, performance and governance. With Board input, the Group Company Secretary has developed a focused set of priorities for the Board for the year. The aim of developing priorities is to ensure the right items come to the Board at the right frequency to help focus on the issues that matter most to the Company and ensure meeting time is used effectively. The supporting Board papers for each agenda item focus on answering the key questions on the Board's mind. In line with the Board's responsibility for the overall strategic direction of the Company, strategy related issues are discussed at every Board meeting. During the year the Board spent-a significant time considering its strategy over the next five years as part of the ongoing RIIO-GD2 as the outcome of the CMA appeal was awaited. As part of this, the Board has overseen a number of other strategy-related analyses, including, but not limited to: a review of SGN's pathway to the decarbonisation of heat, covering relevant trends in policy, technology, customer and stakeholder expectations; SGN's long-term financial outlook; assessment and prioritisation of growth opportunities; and a review of SGN's key risks. Further details of the areas which have shaped the Board and Committee agendas during 2021/22 are set out below:    trategy Development and decision to appeal Final Determination by Ofgem: extensive review and analysis. Transformation: review of transition plans into GD2 to ensure ability to meet regulatory outputs and financial metrics. Stakeholders: review of engagement with energy policy holders on various topics. People and Culture: consideration and approval of the Group's refreshed purpose, vision and values, including a review of the summarised research (Executive Team workshops, employee focus groups, one to ones and online surveys). Cyber Security & IT Resilience: reviewed IT resilience across the business and approved the cyber security policy, assessment framework and investment programme. Commercial Strategy: reviewed the Commercial strategy covering the strategic framework, non-regulated activities, delivery of strategy and future developments. SG Reporting Framework: review and approval of adopting the World Economic Forum's S~akeholder Capitalism Metrics as the Company's ESG reporting framework. Decarbonisation of Heat Strategy: reviewed the Group's strategy and progress with decarbonisation of heat including. Approved various energy futures and net-zero projects connected with the development of the strategy. Supplier of Last Resort & Tariffs: consideration and approval of the supplier of last resort strategy and tariffs. Customer: review and support of the GD2 customer strategy to ensure ability to meet GD2 business plan requirements and maintain positive customer experience. Share Sale: review of the transaction progress against the project timeline, process and approval of the sale transaction. Performance Financial: review of long-term financial outlook and performance including consideration of dividend proposals, sufficient resources and approval of annual budget. Regulatory: continued Board focus and review of regulatory performance and initiatives and close out of. Safety performance: continued Board focus and review of safety performance and initiatives, including Board site visits.    Board focus Detailed description Stakeholder: continued Board focus and review of stakeholder performance and initiatives, including employee engagement session. Operations & Network: Deeper review of Southern & Scotland Operations and Network performance and initiatives. Cyber: focussed review and assurance. Governance Strategic risks: consideration of strategic risks and implementing appropriate governance, monitoring compliance and ongoing risk management. Contract strategy and approvals: various significant contracts, including strategies, considered pursuant to the Board schedule of reserved matters. Policies and certificates: approved various Group polices and compliance certificates in line with the Governance Framework, such as modern slavery. Annual Report & Accounts: approval of annual report and accounts prior to submission to the annual general meeting. Governance: review of Board committee membership, effectiveness, reporting, priorities and planning and compliance with the Corporate Governance requirements.    SGN Board Roles and Responsibilities The below role specifications set out the clear division of responsibility between members of the Board and ensure adequate focus on areas central to its role. Position Chair Chief Executive Officer Chief Financial Officer Non-executive Shareholder Directors Independent Non-executive Directors Company Secretary Responsible for: Leading the effective operation and governance of the Board: Setting agendas which support efficient and balanced decision-making. Ensuring effective Board relationships and a culture that supports constructive discussion, challenge and debate. Ensuring Board members are aware of and understand the views of key stakeholders. Creating the conditions for overall Board effectiveness. Proposing and directing the delivery of strategy as agreed by the Board: Leadership and day-to-day management of the Group and Executive Committee. Engaging with SGN's six key stakeholder groups and leading on related activity. The financial performance of the Group and supporting the Chief Executive Officer in implementing strategy. Proposing policy and actions to support sound financial management. Leading on unregulated activities. Overseeing relationships with debt investors. Providing constructive challenge to the Board's decision-making processes. Scrutinising, measuring and reviewing the performance of the Group. Constructively challenging and assisting in the development of strategy. Reviewing and challenging the performance of the Group's business against stakeholder interest. Same responsibilities as Non-Executive Shareholder Directors, with the addition of: Bringing independence to the Board and its decision-making process. Providing independent insight and support based on relevant experience. - Assessing risk and the integrity of the financial information and controls. Providing independent input into the Group's strategy to reflect stakeholder interests. Compliance with Board procedures and supporting the Chair. Ensuring the Board has high quality information, adequate time and the appropriate resources. -Advising and keeping the Board updated on corporate governance developments. Considering Board effectiveness in conjunction with the Chair. Facilitating the Directors' induction programmes and training. Providing advice, services and support to all Directors as and when required.    The Board Committees convene to steer and supervise the SGN Group across strategy, performance and governance in the short, medium and long-term. As Scotland Gas Network pie is one of the main trading entities of the SGN Group, a significant amount of the Board Committees focus is directed towards the Company. The Committee's company-related activities are introduced below. Audit Committee Membership The current members of the Audit Committee are Paul Jeffery (Committee Chair), Nick Salmon, Michael Botha and Martin Catchpole. l Attendees The External Auditors are invited to attend the Audit Committee along with the Chief Financial Officer, the Head of Internal Audit & Compliance, the Group Financial Controller and the Group Accounting Manager who represent Management. The role of the Committee and principal responsibilities The Audit Committee is a sub-committee of the Board. The Committee's role is to support the Board within the Governance Framework in matters relating to the: integrity of Financial Reporting; relationship with the External Auditor and the effectiveness of the external audit process; effectiveness of the Internal Audit and Compliance function; and effectiveness of the System of Internal Control. The Audit Committee also reviews key regulatory fillings prior to submission to Ofgem. What the Committee has done this year The Audit Committee held three meetings during the financial year which were scheduled in advance of Board meetings. This enabled the Chair to report on key matters discussed to the Board and, where required, recommend decisions to be ratified by the Board in line with the Committee Terms of Reference. Key highlights The key highlights for the year were: Financial reporting Reviewed and considered key accounting judgements, the interim and final financial results and recommended the same for approval by the Board for the annual results for the statutory and regulatory accounts. Reviewed the carrying value of goodwill and the assessment of impairment indicators. External audit Reviewed and considered the re-appointment of external auditor, Ernst & Young LLP. Monitored the independence of the external auditor. Reviewed the effectiveness of the external audit process and considered market trends and impacts. Considered the accounting, financial control and audit issues from the external auditor's report.    Reviewed the outputs from the internal audit benchmarking against the Internal Auditors (IIA) Code of Practice and approved changes to the Internal Auditor Charter. Reviewed the annual audit plan, recommended the same for approval by the Board and received regular updates on the delivery of the plan. Risk management and internal controls Reviewed the annual compliance plan, recommended the same for approval by the Board and received regular_updates on the delivery of the plan. Reviewed key outcomes of all internal compliance investigations, including incidents raised via 'speak up' channels to help assess risks, trends, and culture across the Group. Received the external compliance report on compliance with Standard Special Condition A33 concerning business separation and recommended the same for approval by the Board prior to submission to Ofgem. Regulatory filings and governance Reviewed the debt to RAV and compliance certificates for Scotland Gas Networks PLC and Southern Gas Networks PLC and recommended the same for approval by the Board. Reviewed the financial compliance certificates for the MidCo Group and recommended the same for approval by the Board. Monitored the level of non-audit fees, reviewed new non-audit services and recommended the same for approval by the Board. Received regular reports on Ofgem filings made. Looking forward The Committee's priorities for FY22/23 are continuing to develop and improve our internal controls and assurance processes, with input from our internal and external auditors and with consideration to the BEIS proposals for UK audit reform (if and when these are progressed by the Government). An annual internal audit to assess the new GD2 reporting requirements is also planned for 2022/23. Health and Safety Committee Membership The current members of the Health and Safety Committee are Nick Salmon (Committee Chair), Laura Sandys, Rebecca Lumlock and Paul Trimmer. Attendees The Chief Executive Officer, the Network & Safety Director and the Group Head of Safety & Environment also attend the Health and Safety Committee meetings to represent Management. The role of the Committee and principal responsibilities The Health and Safety Committee ('HSC') is a subcommittee of the Board and acts as a scrutineer to ensure the processes for managing health and safety risks are robust. This is delivered through four principles for effective leadership in health and safety; Plan, Do, Check and Act.    targets across a range of metrics covering members of public, staff and operational activities. Do - monitoring the execution of those policy statements; reviewing and challenging performance against targets; and reviewing compliance and assurance plans, monitoring progress against key safety programmes. Check - comprehensive health and safety report for the Committee; safety performance review and key updates in the CEO report; and significant incident notifications from the CEO. Act - annual review of health and safety at the Committee; Board members and Executive team site safety visits; and update on external audit reports to provide the Committee with assurance. What the Committee has done this year The Health and Safety Committee held four meetings during the financial year, which were scheduled in advance of Board meetings. This enabled the Chair to report on key matters discussed to the Board and, where required, recommend decisions to be ratified by the Board in line with the Committee Terms of Reference. Key highlights The key highlights for the year were: Performance Reviewed and approved the Health and Safety targets across a range of metrics. Monitored and challenged performance and progress against the Health and Safety targets and scrutinised delivery plans. Reviewed_complianceand assurance plans, including external assurance activity. Reviewed the Group's winter readiness and road traffic improvement plan. Received an update on the 3-yearly review of the safety case. Governance Reviewed and approved the Safety, Health and Environment Policy statement for FY21/22. Reviewed and agreed changes to the Committee terms of reference. Strategy Reviewed the continued impact of Covid-19 on safety performance. Reviewed the project to update and transform the safety management framework.    Looking forward The Committee has undertaken a review of its roles and responsibilities to reflect the structural changes at Board Committee level and will be implementing changes accordingly for FY22/23. The Committee's priorities for FY22/23 are continuing to drive health and safety improvements ensuring that the Group achieves its commitment to getting everyone home safe and well. FY22/23 will continue to see increased focus on safety culture and a drive in reporting and performance improvements for mental health and wellbeing. A commitment across the Group for visible leadership through site engagements post the Covid-19 pandemic will also-be implemented. People and Reward Committee Membership The current members of the People and Reward Committee are Charlotte Brunning (Committee Chair), Rebecca Lumlock, Paul Trimmer and Laura Sandys. Attendees The Chief Executive Officer, the HR & Services Director and the Head of Employee Relations, Policy & Rewards also attend the People and Reward Committee meetings to represent Management. The role of the Committee and principal responsibilities The People and Reward Committee is a sub-committee of the Board. The People and Reward Committee's role is to support the Board by ensuring: remuneration policy and practices of the Company reward fairly and responsibly, with a clear link to corporate and individual performance, having regard to statutory and regulatory requirements; talent and succession strategy for the Group's Executive is suitable for the group's long-term success; diversity and inclusion plays a key role across the group; and employee feedback is listened to and acted on. What the Committee has done this year The Committee held five meetings during the financial year, which were scheduled in advance of Board meetings. This enabled the Chair to report on key matters discussed to the Board and, where required, recommend decisions to be ratified by the Board in line with the Committee Terms of Reference. Key highlights The key highlights for the year were: Strategy Reviewed the short-term incentive plan (STIP) and long-term incentive plan (LTIP) framework for the Financial Year ensuring these measured both financial and non-financial performance. Performance Approved the performance assessments for STIP and LTIP for the prior Financial Year. Considered impacts and adjustments to the LTIP for the year given the ongoing impact of Covid-19.    Reviewed and approved personal objectives for the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer and assessed prior year performance. Considered impacts and adjustments to the LTIP for the year given the ongoing impact of Covid-19. Governance Reviewed the Diversity & Inclusion Strategy. Received an update regarding the pay deal to be discussed with the Trade Unions. Reviewed the Committee's effectiveness and terms of reference. Monitored the recruitment process and appointment of the new Director of Operations (South). Looking forward The People & Reward Committee was renamed the Remuneration Committee as of 25 May 2022. The Committee's priorities for FY22/23 are to ensure the talent and succession strategy for the Group's Executive is suitable for the group's long-term success and diversity and inclusion plays a key role across the group. The Committee has undertaken a review of its roles and responsibilities to reflect the structural changes at Board Committee level and will be implementing any changes accordingly for FY22/23. The Committee will also review feedback from employees taking part in the Company's bi-annual employee engagement survey and monitor performance against an approved an action plan. Finance Committee Membership The current members of the Finance Committee are Charlotte Brunning (Committee Chair), Paul Jeffery, Martin Catchpole and Michael Botha. Attendees The Chief Financial Officer and Group Treasurer also attend the Finance Committee meetings to represent Management. The role of the Committee and principal responsibilities The Finance Committee is a sub-committee of the Board. The Finance Committee's role is to support the Board by determining: distribution proposals and strategy including forecast distributions; financing and refinancing strategy and proposed debt issuance; financial risk management strategy; credit rating strategy; a policy concerning the operation of bank accounts and facilities, including appointment of authorised personnel to those accounts and facilities; and    a policy of granting guarantees, indemnities, any type of parent-company support or security interest. In addition, the Finance Committee will review and approve investments or transactions where the Committee has been delegated authority by the Board to do so. What the Committee has done this year The Finance Committee held five meetings during the financial year of which two were additional to the original schedule. The Chair reports on key matters discussed to the Board and, where required, recommends decisions to be ratified by the Board in line with the Committee Terms of Reference. Key highlights The key highlights for the year were: Strategy Reviewed Inflation and Interest Rate risk management plans for the group and confirmed support for execution of CPI-linked swaps and liability management of existing interest rate swaps to manage these risks. Reviewed Funding plans for the Company and confirmed support for execution of a new £100m CPI-linked loan facility. Received regular updates on the proposed changes to the Company's defined pension scheme, including feedback received from Ofgem. Governance Reviewed plan for transitioning LIBOR based instruments to SONIA and recommended the same for approval by the Board. Reviewed the Company's Financial Risk Management strategy and recommended the same for approval by the Board. Reviewed the Funding Strategy and distribution proposals and recommended the same for approval by the Board. Reviewed defined benefit scheme valuation and engagement and recommended the same for the approval by the Board. Looking forward The Committee's priorities for FY22/23 are to monitor the implementation of funding and financial risk management strategies approved in FY21/22 to ensure the group has appropriate management of financial risk and that credit ratings are maintained within target levels. The Committee will also be focused on the refinancing of the upcoming funding maturities within to ensure that these are managed to maintain an appropriate funding profile and liquidity position. Stakeholder, Environment and Customer Committee Membership The current members of the Stakeholder, Environment and Customer Committee are Laura Sandys (Committee Chair), Rebecca Lumlock, Paul Trimmer and Charlotte Brunning.    Attendees The Chief Executive Officer and the Director of Stakeholder and Communications also attend the Stakeholder, Environment & Customer Committee meetings to represent Management. The role of the Committee and principal responsibilities The Stakeholder, Environment and Customer Committee is a sub-committee of the Board. The Stakeholder, Environment and Customer Committee's principal role is to ensure the Company has due regard to: stakeholder, environmental and customer (SEC) interests; the need to foster relationships with suppliers, customers and others; and the Company's impact (including the impact of any principal decisions taken by the Group) on the broader community and environment. The Committee also supports with Board oversight for the identification of stakeholder, environmental and customer opportunities and risks and emerging Environmental, Social and Governance issues. What the Committee has done this year The Stakeholder, Environment and Customer Committee held three meetings during the financial year, which were scheduled in advance of Board meetings. This enabled the Chair to report on key matters· discussed to the Board and, where required, recommend decisions to be ratified by the Board in line with the Committee Terms of Reference. Key highlights The key highlights for the year were: Strategy Reviewed and recommended to the Board the approval of the Company's revised Purpose, Vision and Values. Reviewed and recommended to the Board the approval of the Company's adoption of the World Economic Forum's Stakeholder Capitalism Metrics ESG Framework ('WEF'). Received an overview of the political environment and the Company's planned activities for the calendar year and provided feedback. Received the customer engagement strategy for the H100 Fife project and provided feedback. Performance Reviewed performance of the Company's stakeholder, environment and activities and provided feedback. Reviewed the progress against the Company's Vulnerable Custome    Received an overview on the role of the Stakeholder Advisory Panel and an update of matters discussed at the Vulnerability Stakeholder Group. Reviewed performance against the GD2 reporting requirements and close out of GD1. Received oversight and assurance on the strategic risks falling within the Committee's remit. Discussed the Board and Employee Engagement session conducted. Governance Reviewed the Committee's effectiveness and terms of reference. Looking forward The Stakeholder, Environment and Customer Committee was renamed the Environmental, Social & Governance Committee as of 25 May 2022. The Committee has undertaken a review of its roles and responsibilities to reflect the structural changes at Board Committee level and will be implementing changes accordingly for FY22/23. The Committee's priorities for the next financial year will include a review of ESG risks which fall within the Committee's remit, select and recommend to the Board a cohesive set of ESG related reporting metrics. Attendance at Board and Board Committee meetings The attendance of the Board of Directors and the Board Committees during the year is as set out below. Board meetings Possible Attended Audit Committee meetings Possible Attended People and Reward Committee meetings (PARCO) Attended Possible Gregor Alexander - 1 Charlotte Brunning Michael Botha - 2 Martin Catchpole - 3 Adam Friedrichsen - 4 Paul Jeffrey Guy Lambert - 5 Rebecca Lumlock - 6 Robert McDonald - 7 Michael McNicholas - 8 Felipe Ortiz - 9 Nicholas Salmon Laura Sandys Paul Trimmer - 1O Delphine Voeltzel - 11 Alternate Directors Charles Thomazi - 12 Henrik Onarheim - 13 7 9 1 1 6 8 5 1 8 8 1 9 7 1 1 0 2 9 9 9 9 9 9 9 9 9 9 9 9 9 9 9 9 9 2 3 3 3 3 3 3 3 3 3 3 4 5 4 1 4 5 0 0 5 5 1 1 ~ 3 2 5 5 5 3 0 1 5 5 5    Directors' ReQort for the Year Ended 31 March 2022 Health and Safety Committee meetings Attended Possible Stakeholder, Environment and Customer Committee meetings Attended Possible Finance Committee meetings Attended Possible Gregor Alexander - 1 Charlotte Brunning Michael Botha - 2 Martin Catchpole - 3 Adam Friedrichsen - 4 Paul Jeffrey Guy Lambert - 5 Rebecca Lumlock - 6 Robert McDonald - 7 Michael _McNicholas- 8 Felipe Ortiz - 9 Nicholas Salmon Laura Sandys Paul Trimmer - 10 Delphine Voeltzel - 11 Alternate Directors Charles Thomazi - 12 Henrik Onarheim - 13 Notes to the tables above: 3 3 3 3 3 3 3 3 3 4 4 3 4 5 5 1 0 2 2 3 0 3 1 1 5 5 5 1 1 3 3 4 4 1 0 0 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 5 4 4 0 2 5 5 1 - Gregor Alexander resigned from the Board and stepped down from Audit Committee, Finance Committee, PARCO on 22 March 2022 2 - Michael Botha was appointed to the Board, Audit Committee and Finance Committee on 22 March 2022 3 - Martin Catchpole was appointed to the Board, Audit Committee and Finance Committee on 23 March 2022 4 - Adam Friedrichsen resigned from the Board and stepped down from the Audit Committee, Finance Committee and SECC on 23 March 2022 • 5 - Guy Lambert resigned from the Board and stepped down from the Audit Committee, Finance Committee, Health & Safety Committee and PARCO on 22 March 2022 6 - Rebecca Lumlock was appointed to the Board, Health & Safety Committee, People and Reward Committee and Stakeholder, Environment & Customer Committee on 22 March 2022 7 - Robert McDonald resigned from the Board and stepped down from the Health & Safety Committee and SECC on 22 March 2022 8 - Michael McNicholas resigned from the Board and stepped down from the Health & Safety Committee, PARCO and SECC on 23 March 2022 9 - Felipe Ortiz was appointed to the Board on 22 March 2022 10 - Paul Trimmer was appointed to the Board, Health & Safety Committee, People and Reward Committee and Stakeholder, Environment & Customer Committee on 23 March 2022 11 - Delphine Voeltzel resigned from the Board and stepped down from the Audit Committee and Finance Committee on 1 July 2021 12 - Charles Thomazi is an alternate director to Charlotte Brunning 13 - Henrik Onarheim is an alternate director to Guy Lambert. Resigned from the Board on 22 March 2022.    Directors' and Senior Executives' Biographies and Responsibilities as at 31 March 2022 Nick Salmon, Chair, Non-executive Director Nick joined the Board in March 2019 and was appointed the Chair of SGN in March 2021. He is also the Chair of Pressure Technolgies pie. Previously he was Chair to South East Water Ltd, the Senior Independent Director at both United Utilities pie and Elementis pie, a non-executive Director at lnterserve pie and CEO of Cookson Group pie and Babcock International Group pie. Nick is member of the Audit Committee and is the Chair of the Health and Safety Committee. Charlotte Brunning, Non-executive Director Charlotte joined the Board in May 2018. She is a member of the EMEA Infrastructure and Natural Resources team and had been with Ontario Teachers' since 2015. She has been involved in a number of direct investments, including London City Airport, ADNOC, SGI and SGN Smart. Charlotte holds a B.Sc. from the London School of Economics and an MBA from the London Business School. Charlotte is also director of Galaxy Pipeline Assets Topco Limited, Apple Newco Limited and SGI. Charlotte serves as the Chair of the Finance Committee and the People and Reward Committee. She is also member of the Stakeholder, Environment and Customer Committee. Martin Catchpole, Non-executive Director Martin joined the Board in March 2022 and is a Principal at Global Infrastructure Partners ('GIP') focusing on its energy and utility infrastructure investments across EMEA. Previously, he spent 16 years at Credit Suisse where he most recently was Co-Head of the Energy Group and Investment Banking. Martin is also a Chartered Accountant, qualifying with EY prior to his career in investment banking. Martin is also a director of Galaxy Pipeline Assets HoldCo Limited. Martin is member of the Audit Committee and the Finance Committee. Paul Trimmer, Non-executive Director Paul joined the Board in March 2022 and is a Senior Advisor to Global Infrastructure Partners ('GIP') focusing on its energy sector. He has been a Board Director of FluxSwiss, CLH-PS and lnterconnector UK and is an Advisory Board Member for Carbon Connect (an entity supporting the UK's transition to Net Zero). Previously, Paul spent 32 years in Shell, including as an Executive Director of Comgas and Transredes. Paul is also a Partner in Atosu. Paul is member-of the People and Reward Committee, the Health and Safety Committee and the Stakeholder, Environment and Customer Committee. Michael Botha, Non-executive Director Michael joined the Board in March 2022 and is a Managing Director in Brookfield's Infrastructure Group overseeing operations, risk management and asset management activities. He has held senior positions across the organisation, including the Chief Risk Officer in Brookfield's Infrastructure Group, COO and CFO of Brookfield's private infrastructure funds business. Prior to joining Brookfield, Michael worked in the audit practice of a Big Four accounting firm. Michael is member of the Audit Committee and the Finance Committee.    Rebecca Lumlock, Non-executive Director Rebecca joined the Board in March 2022 and is an Operating Partner in Brookfield Asset Management. Prior to this she was the Group Transformation Director for Network Rail and before that, the Managing Director for the Wessex Route, including London Waterloo. She was also their Group executive sponsor for gender. Rebecca has worked in the oil and gas industry for over 20 years across four continents, most recently as Managing Director of Dragon LNG, importing liquefied natural gas from around the world to help satisfy the UK's gas demand. Rebecca is also director of UK Gas Distribution 2 Limited, Galaxy Pipeline Assets Holdco Limited and PD Ports Limited. Rebecca is member of the People and Reward Committee, the Health and Safety Committee and the Stakeholder, Environment and Customer Committee. Felipe Ortiz, Non-executive Director Felipe joined the Board in March 2022 and is a Managing Director in Brookfield's Infrastructure Group. Since joining Brookfield in 2009, he has led multiple infrastructure investments in utilities globally. Previously Felipe worked in a New York investment bank, providing advisory to infrastructure investors. Felipe holds and MSc from the Stanford Graduate School of Business and a BEng from Universidad de los Andes. Felipe is also a director of UK Gas Distribution 2 Limited, Galaxy Pipeline Assets Holdco Limited and Brookfield Infrastructure Limited UK. Christian Fingerle, Non-executive Director Christian joined the Board in May 2022 and is a Senior Managing Director with the StepStone Group. Previously, he was a Member of the Management Board and Chief Investment Officer for Infrastructure at Allianz Capital Partners, responsible for a significant direct and indirect infrastructure investment program and where he also held various board roles in portfolio companies. Prior to this, Christian worked in various roles within the Allianz Group and Technische Universitaet Muenchen. Charles Thomazi, Alternate Director Charles joined the board in October 2017 and leads the EMEA Infrastructure team in Teachers' Infrastructure Group. He attends board meetings as a substitute to Charlotte Brunning. Charles is Director of Ontario Teachers' Pension Plan (OTPP), Galaxy Pipelines Asset TopCo Limited, Apple NewCo Limited, Sauna HoldCo Limited and related entities and Western TopCo Limited. Michael Smart, Alternate Director Michael is a member of the infrastructure and real assets team at StepStone. Prior to joining Stepstone, Michael was a Director in KPMG's Infrastructure Advisory Group, where he led the Energy Transition Strategy team. Michael was previously at National Grid in a variety of roles across operations, strategy, investor relations and M&A. Jeff Rosenthal, Alternate Director Jeff Rosenthal is a Managing Director and Operating Partner in Brookfield's Infrastructure Group. He also provides risk management, capital expenditure and ESG oversight as the group's Chief Risk Officer.    Paul Jeffery, Statutory Independent Non-Executive Director Paul joined the Board in January 2014. Previously he ran the European Power, Utility and Infrastructure Investment Banking Sector team for Barclays. Non-Executive Director of London Power Networks Ltd, South-Eastern Power Networks Ltd, Eastern Power Networks Ltd and UK Power Networks (IDNO) Ltd all forming part of the UK Power Networks group. Paul is the Chair of the Audit Committee and a member of the Finance Committee. Laura Sandys, Statutory Independent Non-Executive Director Laura joined the board in October 2018. She was a member of the Energy and Climate Change Select Committee and co-founder of POWERful Women which promotes the role of women in the energy sector. She has been appointed a member of the Government's CCUS Council and is a Member of Imperial College's Centre for Carbon Capture and Storage Advisory Group. Laura is Co-ordinator for the Reshaping Regulation Programme with Imperial College and Energy Systems Catapult, Non-Executive Director of Energy System Catapult Limited, Chair for the Energy Digitalisation Taskforce and Non-Executive Director for Highview Power. Laura serves as the Chair of the Stakeholder, Environment and Customer Committee and she's also member of the People and Reward Committee and the Health and Safety Committee. John Morea, Chief Executive Officer John joined the Company in June 2005 from SSE pie. He has over 43 years' experience in the energy industry. John is a companion of the Institute of Gas Engineers and Managers, a member of the Institute of Engineering and Technology and holds an MBA. John is also a Non-executive Director of Thames Water Utilities Limited, Director of Energy Networks Association Limited and is member of the EU Skills Council. Mick Carmedy, Chief Financial Officer Mick joined the Company in January 2018. Mick was CFO of Southern Water, the regulated water business, for five years prior to joining. Mick has also worked at United Utilities and Thames Water in a wide variety of financial, commercial and regulatory roles. Mick is also Director of Murphy Asset Services Limited. Nicola Shand, Director of Legal Services, Company Secretary Nicola joined the Board as Company Secretary in July 2011. At the time of publication Nicola is on maternity leave and Sharmila Sylvester is the Interim Group Counsel and Group Company Secretary. Sharmila Sylvester, Deputy Company Secretary and Interim Group Company Secretary Sharmila joined the Company in 2016 and the Board as Deputy Company Secretary and Interim Group Company Secretary in December 2021. Prior to joining the Company, Sharmila was at Bombardier Transportation holding various positions including Company Secretary for the UK entities. DISCLOSURE IN THE STRATEGIC REPORT Details on how the Directors have had regard to the need to foster the Company's business relationships with suppliers, customers and others, and the effect of that regard on the principal decisions taken by the Company during the financial year can be found in the strategic report.
