   Chair's introduction to governance I am pleased to introduce this report, which describes the activities of the Board during the year, along with SGN's governance arrangements. Covid-19 The Board continued to closely consider the impact of Covid-19 on our business. Our main focus has been to ensure the safety of our employees, our customers and the general public while continuing to maintain our essential service; safely delivering warmth and power to homes and industry at all times. Our robust governance framework has helped to support this work. RIIO-GD2 SGN is an award winning gas network company with a strong track record of delivering a safe and efficient supply of natural and green gas to 5.9 million customers. 2021/22 was the first year of the five-year regulatory period covering 2021 to 2026 known as RIIO-GD2. SGN has formulated a comprehensive and robust business plan for RIIO-GD2 carefully reflecting the views of many stakeholders and in particular customers. In February 2021 the Board took the decision to refer four elements of Ofgem's December 2020 Final Determination of our GD2 Business Plan to the Competition and Markets Authority (CMA). In its conclusions announced in October 2021, the CMA found in our favour on factors relating to two of the elements we appealed. As we move forward with RIIO-GD2, we are committed to delivering operational excellence and outstanding service for all our customers while also working with Ofgem, the UK and Scottish governments and other industrial partners to establish the role that hydrogen and biomethane can play in meeting the net zero target. Shareholder divestment The sale of their shareholdings by SSE, ADIA and OMERS, in two separate transactions completed in March 2022, brought two new investors into the Company namely Canadian global asset manager Brookfield, taking on a 37.5% share and US based Global Infrastructure Partners, a leading global, independent infrastructure fund manager, now with a 25% share. As part of these transactions, Ontario Teachers' Pension Plan, our third original investor, increased its ownership from 25% to 37.5%. Board appointments Following the share sale, the Directors from SSE, ADIA and OMERS stepped down from the Board in March 2022. I am pleased to welcome the incoming Directors nominated by the new shareholders: Michael Botha, Becky Lumlock, Felipe Ortiz, Martin Catchpole, Paul Trimmer and Christian Fingerle. Details of all Directors along with the alternate Directors can be found on page 86 from which it can be seen we have a Board with a broad range of relevant experience and expertise. Governance As a Board, we remain committed to high standards of corporate governance and believe that these high standards are central to the effective management of the SGN Group and to maintaining the confidence of our stakeholders. The following pages provide information on the composition of the Board and its governance structure and processes, together with reports from each of its committees.    Wates and compliance with code SGN, under the Companies (Miscellaneous Reporting) Regulations 2018, has applied the Wates Corporate Governance Principles for Large Private Companies. This report sets out how the Wates Principles were applied. Corporate governance requirements For the year ended 31 March 2022, under the Companies (Miscellaneous Reporting) Regulations 2018, the SGN ·Group has applied the Wates Corporate Governance Principles for Large Private Companies, published by the Financial Reporting Council (FRC) in December 2018. A full copy can be viewed on its website under www frc org uk/directors/ corporate-governance-and-stewardship/ governance-of-large-private-companies. SGN and the Wates Principles for large privately owned companies 1. Purpose and leadership An effective board develops and promotes the purpose of a company, and ensures that its values, strategy and culture align with that purpose. 2. The Board has considered the Companies (Miscellaneous Reporting) Regulations 2018 (the 'Regulations'). For accounting years beginning on or after 1 January 2019, companies which meet certain thresholds are required to report under four corporate governance reporting regimes: 1. Employee Engagement -A statement on how Directors have engaged with employees and how Directors have had regard to employee interests (see page 43 and Directors' Report on page 97). 2. Stakeholder Engagement -A statement on how Directors have engaged with stakeholders and how Directors have had regard to stakeholder interests (see pages 42 to 50 and Directors' Report on page 97). 3. Section 172 - A statement on how Directors have had regard to their Section 172 duty to promote the success of the Company, as set out in the Companies Act 2006 (see page 46). 4. Corporate Governance -A statement on the Company's Corporate Governance Arrangements and how these have been applied (see pages 77 to 84). The SGN Group has adopted all four of these reporting regimes (Corporate Governance Requirements). In readiness, the Company has established a governance programme to ensure Directors both at Group Board and subsidiary Board level are able to comply with these Corporate Governance Requirements. Board composition Effective board composition requires an effective chair and a balance of skills, backgrounds, experience and knowledge, with individual directors having sufficient capacity to make a valuable contribution. The size of a Board should be guided by the scale and complexity of the company. The Wates Principles provide a framework for the SGN Board to monitor corporate governance of the SGN Group and see where governance standards can be raised to a higher level across the business. We believe this, in turn, will result in better engagement with our stakeholder base. The governance framework will also provide the right environment for the Board to make decisions for the long-term success of the SGN Group. The tables on pages 79 to 81 summarise the six Wates Principles and indicate where more information can be found in the strategic and the governance reports. Throughout FY 2022/23, the Board will continue to review and challenge how the SGN Group can continue to improve its corporate governance. 3. Director responsibilities The board and individual directors should have a clear understanding of their accountability and responsibilities. The board's policies and procedures should support effective decision-making and independent challenge. 4. Opportunity and risk A board should promote the long-term sustainable success of the company by identifying opportunities to create and preserve value, establishing oversight for the identification and mitigation of risks. 5. Remuneration A board should promote executive remuneration structures aligned to the long-term sustainable success of a company, considering pay and conditions elsewhere in the company. 6. Stakeholder relationships and engagement Directors should foster effective stakeholder relationships aligned to the company's purpose. The board is responsible for overseeing meaningful engagement with stakeholders, including the workforce, and having regard to their views when taking decisions.    Principle 1. Purpose and leadership An effective Board develops and promotes the purpose of a company, and ensures that its values, strategy, and culture align with that purpose. Summary Our purpose is to serve our communities by keeping everyone safe and warm. It's why we exist. Our values are safety, innovation, reliability, openness and respect. Our vision is to give our customers the best clean energy experience. The Board is responsible for ensuring that values, strategy and culture are aligned with our corporate purpose. Our strategy embeds our purpose, vision and values as key elements to ensure our stakeholders' interests are central to our long-term success. What we did in FY 2021/22 and what we plan to do in FY 2022/23 During the financial year, SGN's employees, the Executive Committee and the Board were engaged to establish the new purpose, vision and values as represented above. More than 1,300 colleagues were involved in this engagement programme. Throughout we have worked with our stakeholders to ensure we are delivering our business plan in RIIO-GD2. Looking ahead to FY 2021/22, we will embed our new purpose, vision and values and make sure our workplace culture is consistent with these values and our developing ESG reporting framework. Where you can find further information For further information on our purpose, vision and Strategic Pillars please refer to page 4. 0 < (l) < iii' ~ .... .. (f) ...,. CD IQ i'i' ;o CD 'O 0  .. .... Principle 2. Board composition Effective Board composition experience and knowledge, valuable contribution. requires an effective Chair and a balance of skills, backgrounds, with individual Directors having sufficient capacity to make a The size of a Board should be guided by the scale and complexity of the Company. Summary The Board comprises eight Non-Executive Directors, including a separate Chair to the Chief Executive, to ensure that the balance of responsibilities, accountabilities and decision making across the Group are effectively maintained. The Chief Executive, Chief Financial Officer and Company Secretary attend each Board meeting. Two Independent Non-Executive Directors also sit on the subsidiary Boards of Scotland and Southern Gas Networks pie. The Independent Non-Executive Directors bring outside experience in utilities, energy policy and finance, and provide constructive challenge and influence. The composition of the Board is partly determined by the Shareholders' Agreement, and it is considered to be in the best interests of the Group for the CEO, CFO and each shareholder to be represented at meetings. We consider that there is an appropriate combination of skills, backgrounds, experience and knowledge that promotes accountability. What we did in FY 2021/22 and what we plan to do in FY 2022/23 Towards the end of financial year, and as a result of the share sale by SSE, ADIA and OMERS, six new Directors have been appointed to the Board who bring a wealth of experience and come from a range of background. All new Directors have undertaken a comprehensive induction programme led by each executive team member to introduce them to SGN. For FY 2022/23 the Board remains committed to improving diversity throughout the Company in terms of gender, ethnicity, disability and age, and its People and Reward Committee and is actively engaging with the Shareholders to ensure that diversity and inclusion remains a key objective for the selection and appointment of shareholder appointed Directors. Where you can find further information Further details of the Board composition and experience can be found on pages 86 to 89.    Principle 3. Director responsibilities The Board and individual Directors should have a clear understanding responsibilities. The Board's policies and procedures should support and independent challenge. of their accountability and effective decision-making Summary The SGN Group has a separate Chair and CEO to ensure that the balance of responsibilities, accountabilities and decision making are effectively maintained. The Board receives regular reports on financial and operational performance, customers, people and stakeholders and management of key business risks along with updates on activities and decisions of its committees. Independent Non-Executive Directors provide constructive challenge to the Board's decision-making process. What we did in FY 2021/22 and what we plan to do in FY 2022/23 The Board continues to be supported by the work of the Board Committees. During the year, a review of the Board Reserved Matters was completed and continues to be rolled out, to ensure the balance of responsibilities, accountabilities and decision making is maintained between the Executive Committee, Board and new subsidiary companies within the Group, as the Group continues to grow and diversify. In FY 2022/23, once the new Board has become fully embedded, a Board effectiveness review, will be undertaken. A review of the Board training schedule is also planned to ensure the training provided to the Board remains robust and relevant for each year and will also be aligned with any training needs identified following the outcome of the Board effectiveness review. Where you can find further information Full details of how Directors fulfil their roles and discharge their responsibilities are found on pages 96 and 97. Principle 4. Opportunity and risk A Board should promote the long-term sustainable success of the Company by identifying opportunities to create and preserve value, establishing oversight for the identification and mitigation of risks. Summary The SGN Board seeks out opportunity while mitigating risk. Long-term strategic opportunities and high value investments are presented to the Board. The Executive Committee ensures that inherent and emerging risks are identified and managed appropriately and in a timely manner updating the risk register for any changes in underlying conditions and reporting this through to the Board. Operational and safety risks are regularly reviewed by the Risk and Resilience Committee and financial risks by the Audit Committee. What we did in FY 2021/22 and what we plan to do in FY 2022/23 The Board formally reviewed and challenged the key strategic risks both at the half and full year point. This encompassed a formal review of emerging risks taking insights from independent sources to help shape this discussion. The Board reviewed the risk appetite and target risks in FY 2021/22 to ensure these reflect the RIIO-GD2 plan and pathway to decarbonisation. The Board also reviewed key investment opportunities. In FY 2022/23 key strategic risks are again on the Board Agenda at both the half and full year points and key investment opportunities will continue to be reviewed by the Board throughout the year. The Group risk management framework is being reviewed in 2022/23 and any key changes proposed to the framework will be considered and agreed by the Board. Where you can find further information Ti;le Group's risk management framework and key strategic risks and mitigations are outlined in the Strategic Report on pages 12 to 76. Details of the key investment opportunities reviewed by the Board can be found on page 90.    Principle 5. Remuneration A Board should promote Executive remuneration structures aligned to the long-term success of a company, considering pay and conditions elsewhere in the Company. sustainable Summary The People and Reward Committee has clearly defined terms of reference and is responsible for making recommendations to the Board concerning the Group's remuneration strategy, recruitment framework and long-term incentive plans for senior executives. The Committee takes advice from independent external consultants who provide updates on legislative requirements, best market practice and remuneration benchmarking. The primary objective is to set remuneration at a level that will enhance the Group's resources by securing and retaining quality people who can deliver our Strategic Pillars and long-term value for its existing and future customers, stakeholders and shareholders. What we did in FY 2021/22 and what we plan to do in FY 2022/23 In FY 2021/22, the Board (following a recommendation from PARCO) approved the annual salary review of all employees for cost of living and agreed to proposed changes to both the short-term and long-term incentive plan framework for the Financial Year ensuring these measured both the financial and non-financial performance. The Board also approved a thank you payment to all employees (excluding the Executive) for their commitment and hard work during Covid-19. In FY 2022/23 with the support of PARCO the Board is committed to ensure the talent and succession for the Group's Executive is suitable for the group's long-term success and diversity and inclusion plays a key role across the Group. A Talent Review is planned and will be combined with diversity and inclusion data. This will then be used to feed into the review of the remuneration for key talent. Where you can find further information Details of activities undertaken by PARCO can be found on page 84. The gender pay gap report can be found on page 72. al al co (0 o· ::0 co "O Q Q Principle 6. Stakeholder relationships and engagement Directors should foster effective stakeholder relationships aligned to the Company's The Board is responsible for overseeing meaningful engagement with stakeholders, the workforce, and having regard to their views when taking decisions. purpose. including Summary The Board is aware of the broader impact it has on its various environments, its customers and society in general, and has established corporate social responsibility policies and practices for the Group. The Board is committed to social responsibility, community engagement and environmental sustainability as underpinned by our strategic priorities. What we did in FY 2021/22 and what we plan to do in FY 2022/23 Our priority during this year has been our continuing focus on our core purpose, to keep everyone safe and warm, with the carbon impact of the gas network and creating a sustainable future for the business also becoming increasingly important priorities. Regular two-way engagement with our stakeholders has been central to this, and their feedback continues to shape our decision-making. Our Stakeholder, Environment and Customer Committee (SECC) continued to meet during the year, taking account of stakeholder feedback and insight as they continued in their commitments to decarbonise the gas network and further develop our ESG strategy and reporting framework. We will continue to build our engagement by agreeing a formal, but dynamic, Board stakeholder engagement plan to ensure we continue to foster relationships and put stakeholders at the heart of how we deliver our business. Where you can find further information Further details on Engaging with Stakeholders statement can be found on pages 42 to 50. section and Section 172 (1)    The Board's role is to promote the long-term success of the Group through the setting of a clear purpose, vision and sustainable strategy which creates value for existing and future customers, stakeholders and shareholders. Governance framework The successful execution of this strategy and oversight of its delivery are supported by clear Board protocols and a governance framework that defines relevant decision making authorities and responsibilities. Formally, these authorities and responsibilities are documented within: SGN's Articles of Association; Shareholder Agreement; the schedule of Matters Reserved for the Board; the terms of reference for the Committees; and the financial approval framework. Chair Our Board is led by our Chair, Nick Salmon, who was appointed on 1 March 2021 and is responsible for the effective running and management of the Board. The roles of Chair and Chief Executive Officer are separate, with clear divisions of responsibilities. Board of Directors The Board of Oirectors is comprised entirely of Non-Executive Directors and is the principal decision making forum for the Company. Directors are nominated to the Board in accordance with the terms of the Shareholders' and Governance Agreement. The Board is collectively responsible for the long-term success of the Group and for setting a clear purpose, vision and sustainable strategy which creates value for existing and future customers, stakeholders and shareholders. It provides the leadership necessary for the Group to meet its business objectives while ensuring a sound system of internal control and risk management is in place. The powers and the duties of the Directors are determined by legislation and by the Company's Articles of Association. The Board has also adopted a formal schedule of matters detailing key aspects of the Company's affairs reserved to it for decision. Board constitution and appointments The Board of Directors comprises eight Non-Executive Directors. This consists of a Non-Executive Chair and seven Non-Executive Directors. The Board of Directors is the same for the Company and each subsidiary company within the Group, except for: • Scotland Gas Networks pie and Southern Gas Networks pie, which consist of two additional independent Non-Executive Directors; and • Subsidiary companies of SGN Place Limited, SGN Futures Limited and SGN Lessona Limited, which have their own Board of Directors. Each of the Non-Executive are chosen for their diversity and experience. Directors of skills The Non-Executive Directors scrutinise, measure and review the performance of management; constructively challenge and assist in the development of Board Committees hierarchy strategy; review the Group financial information; and ensure systems of internal control and risk management are appropriate and effective. Roles and responsibilities for each Board Member, Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer and Group Company Secretary can be found on page 85 followed by their biographies on pages 86 to 89. Board Committees During the year the Board was directly assisted in the discharge of its duties by five Board Committees and dedicated RIIO-GD2 Board meetings, whose remit, authority and composition are monitored to ensure continued and appropriate Board support. Each of the Board Committees provides dedicated focus to a defined area of responsibility. Board Committees act as an advisory body, with the Board retaining oversight and final decision making, except where otherwise Audit Committee 'AC' SGN Place Subsidiary Boards Stakeholder, Environment and Customer Committee 'SECC' Net Zero Committee __. People and Reward Committee 'PARCO' .__ ____ __, .__ ____ Group Executive Operational Framework Ventures Investment Committee 'VIC' Group Risk & Assurance Regulatory Investment Committee 'RIC' Management Framework Group Risk Commercial, Engineering & Safety Committee 'CESC' Internal & External Audit Engineering & Safety Committee 'ESC' Group Ethics & Compliance Committee    delegated by the Board in which case the Committee will act within their agreed authority. Board Committee membership is determined by the Board. Prior to determining membership, the Board will consider the subject matter of the Committee's purpose and duties to ensure that the membership addresses its specific needs. Membership will assess technical skills, knowledge and experience whilst recognising the benefits associated with diversity. Each Board Committee is chaired by a Non-Executive Director. Further information on the Board committees are set on pages 91 to 95. Board effectiveness The Group Company Secretary, Chief Executive Officer and newly appointed Chair conducted a governance review and gathered Board feedback on its effectiveness including areas such as Board paper quality, timeliness. Board meetings and engagements for the financial year. From this, a governance action plan for 2021/22 has been developed focusing on areas of continuous improvement for the Board. As part of this, the Board will have a strategy day which will focus on unregulated growth and energy transition arrangements. Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer Below the Board, executive responsibility rests with John Morea, Chief Executive Officer (CEO) and Mick Carmedy, Chief Financial Officer (CFO). The CEO and CFO Board and Executive reporting cycle are each employed by the Group and are not Directors of the Company although attend each Board meeting. They are supported by an Executive Committee. Biographical details for the CEO and CFO are set out on page 89. Executive Committee Day-to-day management of the Company is delegated to the Executive Committee which meets monthly and is chaired by the Chief Executive Officer and whose membership includes the Chief Financial Officer and leaders of each business unit. The Executive Committee is in turn supported by its own operational and assurance framework, with defined roles and responsibilities including relevant delegated authorities. Board and Executive reporting To ensure that all decision making is well-informed, transparent and balanced, careful consideration is given to information provision and flows within the governance framework. During the year the Group Company Secretary worked with Board Intelligence Limited to provide refresher training to Board and Committee paper authors on best practice paper writing to support the provision of high quality information and effective decision making. This exercise involved reinforcing the use of best practice paper templates which seek to help focus the Board on what matters (including checks against its Section 172 duties). Refresher training on dashboard reporting (displaying key performance data and rapid insights on the overall health of the Group) was also provided to streamline reporting across the Group at a Committee level. Board information is distributed digitally, instantly and securely via the Board Intelligence platform once available. The Group Company Secretary is responsible to the Board for the timeliness and quality of information. All Directors have access to the advice and services of the Group Company Secretary. Biographical details for the Group Company Secretary are set out on page 89. Conflicts of interest With effect from 1 October 2008, the Companies Act 2006 has introduced a statutory duty on Directors to avoid conflicts of interest. During the year, the Group Company Secretary formally reviewed all the Directors' reported actual and potential conflicts of interest. The Board then considered and recorded each Director's reported actual and potential conflicts of interest. In addition, conflicts of interest and governance are included as standing agenda items for every Board Meeting. The Group Company Secretary periodically reviews the Board protocols and governance framework to confirm that they remain fit for purpose and considers any initiatives which could strengthen the governance of the Company and decision making. Shareholders SGN has three supportive shareholders. The Board interacts with the shareholder members on a regular basis and always acts fairly with members of the Company. Board meetings There were six scheduled meetings of the Board and an additional three Board calls in 2021/22 in line with the agreed plan of business for the year, and details of Director attendance can be found on page 84. In the months between full Board meetings, a Board update call provides the opportunity to discuss key business developments, and emerging issues and opportunities. with arrangements also in place should a Board decision or approval be required outside of the above times. In total there were 9 Board meetings and calls during the year. Scheduled meetings of the Board follow an agreed format, with agendas being developed from the Board's annual plan of business and tailored to reflect the current status of projects, strategic workstreams and the overarching operating context. Finalisation of meeting content is a collaborative process involving the Chair, Chief Executive, Chief Financial Officer and the Group Company Secretary, who ensure adequate time is allocated to support effective and constructive discussion. Board engagement The Board also ensures it spends time out of the Boardroom with stakeholders. During the year the Board was impacted by what physical engagement it could undertake due to social distancing, however the Board was able to undertake an employee engagement session with a number of employees towards the end of the year. The Board plans to resume stakeholder engagement sessions going forward. Full details of distanced Board engagement with stakeholders can be found on pages 82 to 84.    Board activity The Board splits its time between steering and supervising the organisation across strategy, performance and governance. With Board input, the Group Company Secretary has developed a focused set of priorities for the Board for the year (see page 90). The aim of developing priorities is to ensure the right items come to the Board at the right frequency to help focus on the issues that matter most to the Group and ensure meeting time is used effectively. The supporting Board papers for each agenda item focus on answering the key questions on the Board's mind. In line with the Board's responsibility for the overall strategic direction of the Group, strategy related issues are discussed at every Board meeting. During the year the Board spent a significant time considering its strategy over the next five years as part of the ongoing RIIO-GD2 as the outcome of the CMA appeal was awaited. As part of this, the Board has overseen a number of other strategy-related analyses, including, but not limited to: a review of SGN's pathway to the decarbonisation of heat, covering relevant trends in policy, technology, customer and stakeholder expectations; SGN's long-term financial outlook; assessment and prioritisation of growth opportunities; and a.review of SGN's key risks. Further details of the areas which have shaped the Board and Committee agendas during 2021/22 are set out on the following pages. Meeting attendance, April 2021 to March 2022 Board meetings 7 9 6 8 5 8 8 9 8 0 2 Audit Committee meetings People and Reward Committee (PARCO) meetings Health &Safety Committee meetings Stakeholder, Environmental &Customer Committee (SECC) meetings Finance Committee meetings Directors Gregor Alexander' Charlotte Brunning Michael Botha 2 Martin Catchpole 3 Adam Friedrichsen• Paul Jeffery Guy Lambert• Rebecca Lumlock Robert McDonald Michael McNicholas• 6 Felipe Ortiz 9 Nicholas Salmon Laura Sandys Paul Trimmer Delphine Voeltzel 10 Alternate Directors Charles Thomazi Henrik Onarheim' 1 2 3 2 N/A N/A N/A N/A N/A N/A N/A ' 2 3 4 5 N/A 3 2 N/A N/A N/A N/A 3 N/A N/A 0 4 5 N/A N/A N/A N/A 4 N/A 4 N/A 5 N/A N/A N/A 0 0 3 3 N/A 4 4 N/A 0 0 3 N/A N/A N/A 0 N/A 2 2 N/A N/A 3 N/A N/A 0 3 4 4 N/A N/A 3 4 N/A N/A N/A N/A N/A N/A N/A 0 2 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 Gregor Alexander resigned from the Board and stepped down from the Audit Committee, Finance Committee, and PARCO on 22 March 2022 Michael Botha was appointed to the Board, Audit Committee and Finance Committee on 22 March 2022 Martin Catchpole was appointed to the Board. Audit Committee and Finance Committee on 23 March 2022 Adam Friedrichsen resigned from the Board and stepped down from the Audit Committee. Finance Committee and SECC on 23 March 2022 Guy Lambert resigned from the Board and stepped down from the Audit Committee, Finance Committee, Health & Safety Committee and PARCO on 22 March 2022 Rebecca Lumlock was appointed to the Board, Health & Safety Committee. People and Reward Committee and Stakeholder, Environment & Customer Committee on 22 March 2022 Robert McDonald resigned from the Board and stepped down from the Health & Safety Committee and SECC on 22 March 2022 Michael McNicholas resigned from the Board and stepped down from the Health & Safety Committee. PARCO and SECC on 23 March 2022 Felipe Ortiz was appointed to the Board on 22 March 2022 Paul Trimmer was appointed to the Board, Health & Safety Committee, People and Reward Committee and Stakeholder. Environment & Customer Committee on 23 March 2022 Delphine Voeltzel resigned from the Board and stepped down from the Audit Committee and Finance Committee on 1 July 2021 Charles Thomazi is an alternate Director to Charlotte Brunning Henrik Onarheim is an alternate Director to Guy Lambert and resigned from the Board on 22 March 2022    SGN Board roles and responsibilities The below role specifications set out the clear division of responsibility between members of the Board and ensure adequate focus on areas central to its role. Position Responsible for • Leading the effective operation and governance of the Board. Chair 0 < .. ... < iii" ~ .... .... .. (/) .... Cl) lO n • Setting agendas which support efficient and balanced decision-making. ::0 • Ensuring effective Board relationships and a culture that supports constructive discussion, challenge and debate. • Ensuring Board members are aware of and understand the views of key stakeholders. Creating the conditions for overall Board effectiveness. • Proposing and directing the delivery of strategy as agreed by the Board. • Leadership and day-to-day management of the Group and Executive Committee. with SGN's six key stakeholder groups and leading on related activity. • Engaging • The financial performance of the Group and supporting in implementing strategy. the Chief Executive Officer • Proposing policy and actions to support sound financial management. • Leading on unregulated activities. Overseeing relationships with debt investors. Providing constructive challenge to the Board's decision-making processes. • Scrutinising, measuring and reviewing the performance of the Group. Constructively challenging and assisting in the development of strategy. ·Reviewing and challenging the performance of the Group's business against stakeholder interest. Same responsibilities as Non-Executive Shareholder Directors, with the addition of: - Bringing independence to the Board and its decision-making process. - Providing independent insight and support based on relevant experience. - Assessing risk and the integrity of the financial information and controls. - Providing independent input into the Group's strategy to reflect stakeholder interests. • Compliance with Board procedures and supporting the Chair. • Ensuring the Board has high quality information, adequate time and the appropriate resources. • Advising and keeping the Board updated on corporate governance developments. • Considering Board effectiveness in conjunction with the Chair. • Facilitating the Directors' induction programmes and training. Providing advice, services and support to all Directors as and when required.    ard and Committee membership Date Of appointment Biography Key external appointments and changes during the period Board and Committee membership Date of appointment Biography Key external appointments and changes during the period Board; Audit Committee; Health & Safety Committee 14 March 2019 Nick joined the Board in March 2019 and was appointed the Chair of SGN in March 2021. He is also the Chair of Pressure Technologies pie. Previously he was Chair to South East Water Ltd, the Senior Independent Director at both United Utilities pie and Elementis pie, a non-executive Director at lnterserve pie and CEO of Cookson Group pie and Babcock International Group pie. Chair of Pressure Technologies Ltd Shareholder Non-Executive Directors Charlotte Brunning Board; People & Reward Committee; Finance Committee; Stakeholder, Environment & Customer Committee 2 May 2018 Charlotte joined the Board in May 2018. She is a member of the EMEA Infrastructure and Natural Resources team and had been with Ontario Teachers' since 2015. She has been involved in a number of direct investments, including London City Airport, ADNOC, SGI and SGN Smart. Charlotte holds a BSc from the London School of Economics and an MBA from the London Business School. Director Apple Newco Limited; Director of Galaxy Pipeline Assets Topco Limited; Director of SGI Christian Fingerle Board 27 May 2022 Christian joined the Board in May 2022 and is a Senior Managing Director with the StepStone Group. Previously, he was a Member of the Management Board and Chief Investment Officer for Infrastructure at Allianz Capital Partners. responsible for a significant direct and indirect infrastructure investment programme and where he also held various board roles in portfolio companies. Prior to this, Christian worked in various roles within the Allianz Group and Technische Universitat MOnchen. Martin Catchpole Board; Audit Committee; Finance Committee 23 March 2022 Martin joined the Board in March 2022 and is a Principal at Global Infrastructure Partners (GIP) focusing on its energy and utility infrastructure investments across EMEA. Previously, he spent 16 years at Credit Suisse where he most recently was Co-Head of the Energy Group and Investment Banking. Martin is also a Chartered Accountant. qualifying with EY prior to his career in investment banking. Director of Galaxy Pipeline HoldCo Limited Assets    oard and Committee membership Date of appointment Biography Key external appointments and changes during the period Board and Committee membership Date of appointment Biography Key external appointments and changes during the period Board; People & Reward Committee; Health and Safety Committee; Stakeholder, Environment & Customer Committee 23 March 2022 Paul joined the Board in March 2022 and is a Senior Advisor to Global Infrastructure Partners (GIP) focusing on its energy sector. He has been a Board Director of FluxSwiss, CLH-PS and lnterconnector UK and is an Advisory Board Member for Carbon Connect (an entity supporting the UK's transition to Net Zero). Previously,. Paul spent 32 years at Shell, including as an Executive Director of Comgas and Transredes. Member Carbon of the Advisory Connect; Partner Board of in Atosu Michael Botha Board; Audit Committee; Finance Committee 22 March 2022 Michael joined the Board in March 2022 and is a Managing Director in Brookfield's Infrastructure Group overseeing operations, risk management and asset management activities. He has held senior positions across the organisation, including the Chief Risk Officer in Brookfield's Infrastructure Group, COO and CFO of Brookfield's private infrastructure funds business. Prior to joining Brookfield, Michael worked in the audit practice of a Big Four accounting firm.    Rebecca Lumlock Board; People & Reward Committee; Health & Safety Committee; Stakeholder, Environment & Customer Committee 22 March 2022 Becky joined the Board in March 2022 and is an Operating Partner in Brookfield. Prior to this she was the Group Transformation Director for Network Rail and before that, the Managing Director for the Wessex Route, including London Waterloo. She was also their Group executive sponsor for gender. Becky has worked in the oil and gas industry for over 20 years across four continents, most recently as Managing Director of Dragon LNG, importing liquefied natural gas from around the world to help satisfy the UK's gas demand. Director of UK Gas Distribution 2 Limited; Director of Galaxy Pipeline Assets Holdco Limited; Director of PD Ports Limited Felipe Ortiz Board 22 March 2022 Felipe joined the Board in March 2022 and is a Managing Director Brookfield's Infrastructure Group. Since joining Brookfield in 2009, he has led multiple infrastructure investments in utilities globally. Previously Felipe worked in a New York investment bank, providing advisory to infrastructure investors. Felipe holds an MSc from the Stanford Graduate School of Business and a BEng from Universidad de los Andes. Director of UK Gas Distribution 2 Limited; Director of Galaxy Pipeline Assets Holdco Limited; Director of Brookfield Infrastructure Limited UK    ard and Committee membership Date of appointment Biography Key external appointments and changes during the period Date of appointment Biography Key external appointments and changes during the period Board; Audit Committee; Finance Committee Board; People & Reward Committee; Health & Safety Committee; Stakeholder, Environment & Customer Committee 28 January 2014 1 October 2018 Paul joined the Board in January 2014. Previously he ran the European Power, Utility and Infrastructure Investment Banking Sector team for Barclays. Paul is also a non-executive Director for UK Power Networks. Laura joined the Board in October 2018. She was a member of the Energy and Climate Change Select Committee and co-founder of POWERful Women which promotes the role of women in the energy sector. She has been appointed a member of the Government's CCUS Council and is a Member of Imperial College's Centre for Carbon Capture and Storage Advisory Group. Non-executive director of London Power Networks Ltd; Non-executive Director of South-Eastern Power Networks Ltd; Non-executive Director of Eastern Power Networks Ltd; Non-executive Director of UK Power Networks (IDNO) Ltd (all forming part of the UK Power Networks group) Co-ordinator for the Reshaping Regulation Programme with Imperial College and Energy Systems Catapult; Non-Executive Director of Energy System Catapult Limited; Chair for the Energy Digitalisation Taskforce; Non-Executive Director for Highview Power Alternate Directors Charles Thomazi 26 October 2017 Charles joined the Board in October 2017 and leads the EMEA Infrastructure team in Teachers' Infrastructure Group. He attends Board meetings as a substitute to Charlotte Brunning. Director of Ontario Teachers' Pension Plan (OTPP); Director of Apple NewCo Limited; Director of Galaxy Pipelines Asset TopCo Limited; Sauna HoldCo Limited and related entities; Western TopCo Limited Michael Smart 27 May 2022 Michael is a member of the infrastructure and real assets team at StepStone. Prior to joining StepStone, Michael was a Director in KPMG's Infrastructure Advisory Group, where he led the Energy Transition Strategy team. Michael was previously at National Grid in a variety of roles across operations, strategy, investor relations and M&A. Jeff Rosenthal 14 June 2022 Jeff Rosenthal is a Managing Director and Operating Partner in Brookfield's Infrastructure Group. He also provides risk management, capital expenditure and ESG oversight as the Group's Chief Risk Officer.    John Morea Chief Executive Officer Mick Carmedy Chief Financial Officer 22 January 2018 Mick joined the Company in January 2018. Mick was CFO of Southern Water, the regulated water business, for five years prior to joining. Mick has also worked at United Utilities and Thames Water in variety of financial, commercial and regulatory roles. Director Limited of Murphy Asset Services Nicola Graham-Shand Director of Legal Services (Group Company Secretary) Company Secretary since July 2011 Nicola joined the Board as Company Secretary in July 2011. At the time of publication Nicola is on maternity leave and Sharmila Sylvester is the Interim Group Counsel and Group Company Secretary. Non-Executive FYLD Limited Director, Corporate information Registered office St Lawrence House Station Approach Herley, Surrey RHG 9HJ Auditor Ernst & Young LLP Statutory Auditor London Registered nu    Date of appointment Biography Key external appointments and changes during the period Date of appointment Biography Key external appointments and changes during the period    1 June 2008 John joined the Company in June 2005 from SSE pie. He has over 43 years' experience in the energy industry. John is a companion of the Institute of Gas Engineers and Managers, a member of the Institute of Engineering and Technology and holds an MBA. Non-Executive Director of Thames Water Utilities Limited; Director of Energy Networks Association Limited; EU Skills Council Member    Sharmila Sylvester Deputy Company Secretary and Interim Group Company Secretary 1 December 2021 Sharmila joined the Company in 2016 and the Board as Deputy Company Secretary and interim Group Company Secretary in December 2021. Prior to joining the Company, Sharmila was at Bombardier Transportation and held various positions including Company Secretary for the UK entities.    The SGN Board held six scheduled meetings and three further Board calls during the year ended 31 March 2022. The Board splits its time between steering and supervising the organisation across strategy, performance and governance in the short, medium and long-term, which is discussed at each meeting of the Board. During the year the SGN Board focused on a number of areas as set out below. Board focus Strategy Performance Governance • Development and decision to appeal the final determination by Ofgem: extensive review and analysis. • Transformation: review of transition plans into GD2 to ensure ability to meet regulatory outputs and financial metrics. • Stakeholders: revi1a?wof engagement with energy policy holders on various topics. • People and Culture: consideration and approval of the Group's refreshed purpose, vision and values, including a review of the summarised research (Executive team workshops, employee focus groups, one to ones and online surveys). • Cyber Security and IT resilience: reviewed IT resilience across the business and approved the cyber security policy, assessment framework and investment programme. • Commercial strategy: reviewed the commercial strategy covering the strategic framework, non-regulated activities, delivery of strategy and future developments. • ESG reporting framework: review and approval of adopting the World Economic Forum's Stakeholder Capitalism Metrics as the Company's ESG reporting framework (further details on pages 58 to 76). • Decarbonisation of heat strategy: reviewed the Group's strategy and progress with decarbonisation of heat. Approved various energy futures and net-zero projects connected with the development of the strategy. • Supplier of last resort and tariffs: consideration and approval of the supplier of last resort strategy and tariffs. • Customer: review and support of the RIIO-GD2 customer strategy to ensure ability to meet RIIO-GD2 business plan requirements and maintain positive customer experience. • Property: reviewed the progress with the property strategy and development of the new head office (plans for the site to be classified as a green office with BREEAM accreditation). • Non-regulated growth: consideration and approval of the unregulated strategy and new investments in property (SGN Place), technology (FYLD Limited), MUA, energy transition (heat networks and biomethane) and opportunities which complement the core. • Share sale: review of the transaction progress against the project timeline, process and approval of the sale transaction. Financial: review of long-term financial outlook and performance including consideration of dividend proposals, sufficient resources and approval of annual budget. • Regulatory: continued Board focus and review of regulatory performance and initiatives and close out of RIIO-GDl. • Safety performance: continued Board focus and review of safety performance and initiatives, including Board site visits. • Stakeholder: continued Board focus and review of stakeholder performance and initiatives, including employee engagement session. • Operations and network: deeper review of Southern and Scotland operations and network performance and initiatives. • Large project and investment: review of progress against significant projects and investments, including, Mogden (Thames Water), FYLD, LTS Futures, HlOO Fife, Gas to the West, SGN Lessona Limited (Murphy Utility Assets) and various unregulated biomethane projects. Cyber: focussed review and assurance. • Strategic risks: consideration of strategic risks (further detaiis on pages 51 to 57) and implementing appropriate governance, monitoring compliance and ongoing risk management. • Contract strategy and approvals: various significant contracts, including strategies, considered pursuant to the Board schedule of reserved matters. • Policies and certificates: approved various Group polices and compliance certificates in line with the Governance Framework, such as modern slavery. • Annual Report & Accounts: approval of annual report and accounts prior to submission to the annual general meeting. • Governance: review of Board committee membership, effectiveness, reporting, priorities and planning and compliance with the corporate governance requirements.    Audit Committee "The Committee continues to support the Group through an independent and robust review of financial and regulatory reporting and assurance processes." Paul Jeffery Audit Committee Chair Appointment: July 2020 Membership The current members of the Audit Committee Paul Jeffery (Committee Chair). Nick Salmon, Michael Botha and Martin Catchpole are The role of the Committee and principal responsibilities The Audit Committee is a sub-committee of the Board. The Committee's role is to support the Board· within the Governance Framework in matters relating to the: Attendees The External Auditors are invited to attend the Audit Committee along with the following members of Management: Chief Financial Head of Internal Group Financial Group Accounting Officer Audit, Risk and Compliance Controller Manager What the Committee has done this year The Audit Committee held three meetings during the financial year which were scheduled in advance of Board meetings. This enabled the Chair to report on key matters discussed to the Board and, where required, recommend decisions to be ratified by the Board in line with the Committee Terms of Reference. Key highlights The key highlights for the year were: Financial reporting Reviewed and considered key accounting judgements, the interim and final financial results and recommended the same For approval by the Board For the annual results for the statutory and regulatory accounts. Reviewed the carrying value of goodwill and the assessment of impairment indicators. External audit • Reviewed and considered the re-appointment of external auditor, Ernst & Young LLP. Monitored the independence of the external auditor. • Reviewed the effectiveness of the external audit process and considered market trends and impacts. Considered the accounting, financial control and audit issues from the external auditor's report. Internal audit Reviewed the outputs from the internal audit benchmarking against the Internal Auditors (IIA) Code of Practice and approved changes to the Internal Auditor Charter. integrity of Financial Reporting; • relationship with the External Auditor and the effectiveness of the external audit process; • effectiveness of the Internal Audit and Compliance function; and effectiveness of the System of Internal Control. The Audit Committee prior to submission also reviews key regulatory to Ofgem. Reviewed the annual audit plan, recommended for approval by the Board and received regular on the delivery of the plan. Risk management and internal controls fillings the same updates Reviewed the annual compliance plan, recommended the same for approval by the Board and received regular updates on the delivery of the plan. Reviewed key outcomes of all internal compliance investigations. including incidents raised via 'speak up' channels to help assess risks, trends, and culture across the Group. Received the external compliance report on compliance with Standard Special Condition A33 concerning business separation and recommended the same for approval by the Board prior to submission to Ofgem. Regulatory filings and governance Reviewed the debt to RAV and compliance certificates for Scotland Gas Networks PLC and Southern Gas Networks PLC and recommended the same for approval by the Board. Reviewed the financial compliance certificates for the MidCo Group and recommended the same for approval by the Board. Monitored the level of non-audit fees, reviewed new non-audit services and recommended the same for approval by the Board. Received regular reports on Ofgem filings made. Looking forward The Committee's priorities for FY 2022/23 are continuing to develop and improve our internal controls and assurance processes. with input from our internal and external auditors and with consideration to the BEIS proposals for UK audit reform (if and when these are progressed by the Government). An annual internal audit to assess the new RIIO-GD2 reporting requirements is also planned for 2022/23.    Finance Committee "The Committee continues to ensure that the financial and risk management strategy are closely linked to risk appetite and regulatory requirements whilst taking into account market factors.'' Charlotte Brunning Finance Committee Chair Appointment: October 2018 Membership The current members of the Finance Committee are Charlotte Brunning (Committee Chair), Paul Jeffery, Martin Catchpole and Michael Botha Attendees The following members Finance Committee: of Management attend the Chief Financial Group Treasurer Officer What the Committee has done this year The Finance Committee held five meetings during the financial year of which two were additional. The Chair reports on key matters discussed to the Board and, where required, recommends decisions to be ratified by the Board in line with the Committee Terms of Reference. Key highlights The key highlights for the year were: Strategy Reviewed Inflation and Interest Rate risk management plans for the Group and confirmed support for execution of CPI-linked swaps and liability management of existing interest rate swaps to manage these risks. Reviewed Funding plans for the Group and confirmed support for execution of a new £100m CPI-linked loan facility. Received regular updates on the proposed changes to the Company's defined pension scheme, including feedback received from Ofgem. The role of the Committee and principal responsibilities The Finance Committee is a sub-committee of the Board. The Finance Committee's role is to support the Board by determining: distribution proposals and strategy distributions; financing and refinancing strategy debt issuance; financial risk management strategy; credit rating strategy; a policy concerning the operation of bank accounts and facilities, including appointment of authorised personnel to those accounts and facilities; and a policy of granting guarantees, indemnities, any type of parent company support or security interest. forecast and proposed In addition, investments delegated the Finance Committee will review and approve or transactions where the Committee has been authority by the Board to do so. Governance • Reviewed plan for transitioning LIBOR based instruments to SONIA and recommended the same for approval by the Board. • Considered a 12-month extension to the DSR Facility and recommended the same for approval by the Board. • Reviewed the Company's Financial Risk Management strategy and recommended the same for approval by the Board. • Reviewed the Funding Strategy and distribution proposals and recommended the same for approval by the Board. • Reviewed defined benefit scheme valuation and engagement and recommended the same for the approval by the Board. Looking forward The Committee's priorities for FY 2022/23 are to monitor the implementation of funding and financial risk management strategies approved in FY 2021/22 to ensure the Group has appropriate management of financial risk and that credit ratings are maintained within target levels. The Committee will also be focused on the refinancing of the upcoming funding maturities within the Group to ensure that these are managed to maintain an appropriate funding profile and liquidity position.    People and Reward Committee "The Committee continues to ensure that remuneration outcomes are closely linked to financial and non-financial performance, as well as ensuring our people are listened to and we attract and retain diverse talent." Charlotte Brunning People and Reward Committee Appointment: March 2022 Chair Membership The current members of the People and Reward Committee are Charlotte Brunning (Committee Chair), Rebecca Lumlock, Paul Trimmer and Laura Sandys Attendees The following members of Management People and Reward Committee: attend the Chief Executive Officer HR & Services Director Head of Employee Relations, Policy & Rewards What the Committee has done this year The Committee held five meetings during the financial year, which were scheduled in advance of Board meetings. This enabled the Chair to report on key matters discussed to the Board and, where required, recommend decisions to be ratified by the Board in line with the Committee Terms of Reference. Key highlights The key highlights for the year were: Strategy Reviewed the short-term incentive plan (STIP) and long-term incentive plan (LTIP) framework for the Financial Year ensuring these measured both financial and non-financial performance. The role of the Committee and principal responsibilities The People and Reward Committee is a sub-committee of the Board. The role of the Committee is to support the Board by ensuring: remuneration policy and practices of the Company reward fairly and responsibly, with a clear link to corporate and individual performance, having regard to statutory and regulatory requirements; • talent and succession strategy for the Group's Executive is suitable for the Group's long-term success; • diversity and inclusion plays a key role across the Group; and employee feedback is listened to and acted on to create an inclusive and high performance culture. Performance • Approved the performance assessments for STIP and LTIP for the prior Financial Year. • Considered impacts and adjustments to the LTIP for the year given the ongoing impact of Covid-19. • Reviewed and approved personal objectives for the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer and assessed prior year performance. Reviewed the succession plan for Executive Directors and other critical roles. Governance • Reviewed the Diversity & Inclusion Strategy. • Received an update regarding the pay deal to be discussed with the Trade Unions. • Reviewed the Committee's effectiveness and terms of reference. Monitored the recruitment process and appointment of the new Director of Operations (South).    Health and Safety Committee "It was a challenging start to the year coupled with Covid-19, and we saw an increasing trend in the number of injuries. However, a number of focussed initiatives across the business delivered significant improvements." Nick Salmon Health and Safety Committee Appointment: March 2022 Chair Membership The current members of the Health and Safety Committee are Nick Salmon (Committee Chair), Laura Sandys, Rebecca Lumlock and Paul Trimmer Attendees The following members of Management Health and Safety Committee: attend the Chief Executive Officer Network & Safety Director Group Head of Safety & Environment What the Committee has done this year The Health and Safety Committee held four meetings during the financial year, which were scheduled in advance of Board meetings. This enabled the Chair to report on key matters discussed to the Board and, where required, recommend decisions to be ratified by the Board in line with the Committee Terms of Reference. Key highlights The key highlights for the year were: Strategy • Reviewed the continued impact performance. of Covid-19 on safety Reviewed the project to update management framework. and transform the safety The role of the Committee and principal responsibilities The Health and Safety Committee (HSC) is a sub-committee of the Board, and acts as a scrutineer to ensure the processes for managing health and safety risks are robust. This is delivered through four principles for effective leadership in health and safety; Plan, Do, Check and Act. • Plan - set the direction through approving effective health and safety policies; and set health and safety targets across a range of metrics covering members of public, staff and operational activities. Do - monitoring the execution of those policy statements; reviewing and challenging performance against targets; and reviewing compliance and assurance plans, monitoring progress against key safety programmes. • Check - comprehensive health and safety report for the Committee; safety performance review and key updates in the CEO report; and significant incident notifications from the CEO. • Act - annual review of health and safety at the Committee; Board members and Executive team site safety visits; and update on external audit reports to provide the Committee with assurance. Performance Reviewed and approved the Health and Safety targets across a range of metrics. Monitored and challenged performance and progress against the Health and Safety targets and scrutinised delivery plans. Reviewed compliance and assurance plans, including external assurance activity. Reviewed the Group's winter readiness and road traffic improvement plan. Received an update on the three-yearly review of the safety case. Received and reviewed the safety assurance for the HlOO project and provided feedback. Governance Reviewed and approved the Safety, Health and Environment Policy statement for FY 2021/22. • Reviewed and agreed changes to the Committee of reference.    Stakeholder, Environment and Customer Committee "Our stakeholders including our customers and the environment are key to how and what we do as a business and always inform all our decision making." Laura Sandys Stakeholder, Environment Appointment: July 2020 and Customer Committee Chair Membership The current members of the Stakeholder, Environment and Customer Committee are Laura Sandys (Committee Chair), Rebecca Lumlock, Paul Trimmer and Charlotte Brunning Attendees The following Stakeholder, members Environment of Management and Customer attend the Committee: Chief Executive Officer Director of Stakeholder Relations and Communications What the Committee has done this year The Stakeholder, Environment and Customer Committee held three meetings during the financial year, which were scheduled in advance of Board meetings. This enabled the Chair to report on key matters discussed to the Board and, where required, recommend decisions to be ratified by the Board in line with the Committee Terms of Reference. Key highlights The key highlights for the year were: Strategy Reviewed and recommended to the Board the approval of the Company's revised Purpose, Vision and Values. Reviewed and recommended to the Board the approval of the Company's adoption of the World Economic Forum's Stakeholder Capitalism Metrics ESG Framework (WEF). Received an overview of the political environment and the Company's planned activities for the calendar year and provided feedback. Received the customer engagement strategy for the HlOO Fife project and provided feedback. The role of the Committee and principal responsibilities The Stakeholder, Environment and Customer Committee a sub-committee of the Board. The Committee's principal role is to ensure the Company has due regard to: is • stakeholder, environmental and customer (SEC) interests; • the need to foster relationships with suppliers, customers and other stakeholders; and • the Company's impact (including the impact of any principal decisions taken by the Group) on the broader community and environment. The Committee identification opportunities, Performance also supports with Board oversight for the of stakeholder, environmental and customer risks and emerging ESG issues. • Reviewed performance of the Company's stakeholder, environment and customer engagement activities and provided feedback. Reviewed the progress against the Company's Vulnerable Customer Ambition. Reviewed performance against the ESG reporting programme. • Received an overview on the role of the Stakeholder Advisory Panel and an update of matters discussed at the Vulnerability Stakeholder Group. Reviewed performance against the RIIO-GD2 reporting requirements and close out of RIIO-GDl. • Received oversight and assurance on the strategic risks falling within the Committee's remit. • Discussed the Board and Employee Engagement session conducted. Governance • Reviewed the Committee's of reference. effectiveness and terms    The Directors are responsible for preparing the Annual Report and the financial statements in accordance with applicable law and regulations. Company law requires the Directors to prepare Group and parent financial statements for each financial year. Under that law they are required to prepare the Group and parent Company financial statements in accordance with UK accounting standards and applicable law (UK Generally Accepted Accounting Practice), including FRS 102 The Financial Reporting Standard applicable in the UK and Republic of Ireland. Under company law the Directors must not approve the financial statements unless they are satisfied that they give a true and fair view of the state of affairs of the Group and parent Company and of their profit or loss for that period. In preparing each of the Group and parent Company financial statements, the Directors are required to: • select suitable accounting policies and then apply them consistently; make judgements and estimates that are reasonable and prudent; • state whether applicable UK accounting standards have been followed, subject to any material departures disclosed and explained in the financial statements; • assess the Group and parent Company's ability to continue as a going concern, disclosing, as applicable, matters related to going concern; and • use the going concern basis of accounting unless they either intend to liquidate the Group or the parent Company or to cease operations, or have no realistic alternative but to do so. The Directors are responsible for keeping adequate accounting records that are sufficient to show and explain the parent Company's transactions and disclose with reasonable accuracy at any time the financial position of the parent Company and enable them to ensure that its financial statements comply with the Companies Act 2006. They are responsible for such internal control as they determine is necessary to enable the preparation of financial statements that are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error, and have general responsibility for taking such steps as are reasonably open to them to safeguard the assets of the Group and to prevent and detect fraud and other irregularities. Under applicable law and regulations, the Directors are also responsible for preparing a Strategic Report and a Directors' Report that comply with that law and those regulations. The Directors are responsible for the maintenance and integrity of the corporate and financial information included on the Company's website. Legislation in the UK governing the preparation and dissemination of financial statements may differ from legislation in other jurisdictions. The Directors consider that the Annual Report and Accounts, taken as a whole, is fair, balanced and understandable and provides the information necessary for shareholders to assess the Group's and Company's position and performance, business model and strategy. Each of the Directors, whose names and functions are listed on pages 86 to 89 confirm that, to the best of their knowledge: • the Group and Company Financial Statements, which have been prepared in accordance with International Accounting Standards in conformity with the requirements of the Companies Act 2006, give a true and fair view of the assets, liabilities, financial position and profit of the Group and profit of the Company; and • the Directors' report contained in the Annual Report and Accounts includes a fair review of the development and performance of the business and the position of the Group and Company, together with a description of the principal risks and uncertainties that it faces. so far as the Director is aware, there is no relevant audit information of which the Group's and Company's auditors are unaware; and they have taken all the steps that they ought to have taken as a Director in order to make themselves aware of any relevant audit information and to establish that the Group's and Company's auditors are aware of that information.    irectors' report The Directors present their report 0 < CD  ..... and the audited consolidated ..... < iii" financial statements for the year ~ ended 31 March 2022. Employee engagement Financial risk management The financial statements consolidate the financial statements of the Company and The Group's funding, liquidity and its subsidiary undertakings (together the exposure to interest rates, foreign 'Group'). This report must be read in exchange and credit risks are managed conjunction with the Strategic Report within a framework of policies and found on pages 12 to 76. the and the 0 < CD  ..... ..... < iii" ~ Financial risk management The Group's funding, liquidity and exposure to interest rates, foreign exchange and credit risks are managed within a framework of policies and guidelines which are authorised by the Board of Directors. Further detail on financial risk management is set out in the Strategic Report on pages 38 to 40. Interest rate risk and inflation rate risk The Group has interest bearing liabilities and as a matter of policy, a minimum of 75% of debt, excluding shareholder loans, is maintained at either fixed rates of interest or inflation-linked. The Group uses interest rate swaps and inflation-linked swaps, where necessary, in order to achieve the desired profile. Liquidity risk The Group maintains a mixture of long-term funding and short-term liquid funds in order to ensure there are sufficient funds available for the Group's current and planned operations. Foreign exchange risk The Group's borrowings are currently denominated in Pound Sterling, so there is minimal foreign exchange risk. However, in accordance with its policy, should the Group decide to raise finance in currency other than Pound Sterling, cross-currency swaps would be used to fully hedge the borrowings into Pound Sterling. Credit risk The Company transacts with banks for the provision of interest rate and inflation rate hedging transactions. The Company takes reasonable steps to maintain a minimum credit rating requirement as set out in its hedging policy; however, it recognises that at times the market conditions for banks can be unusually tight. In respect of short-term cash management, counterparties are subject to review and approval according to defined criteria. Trade receivables predominantly relate to transportation income from gas shippers. Credit risk arising from the Group's regulated business is managed in accordance with industry standards as set out by the Unified Network Code. (fl ..... The Group places considerable value on the involvement of its employees. It has continued to keep them informed on matters affecting them and on the various factors affecting the Group. Participation by employees generally is encouraged through team meetings, briefings, a digital app and an intranet site. The CEO and other senior executives regularly communicate with employees through these channels and employee representatives are consulted regularly on a wide range of matters affecting their current and future interests. Stakeholder engagement Details of how the Directors have engaged with stakeholders can be found in the section 172 (1) statement on pages 46 to 50. Corporate Responsibility Corporate Responsibility continues to remain an integral part of the Group's business. The Group's approach, priorities and objectives in the corporate responsibility arena, specific to the environment and communities in which we work, are published, communicated and embedded within the business as part of the Group's overarching Strategic Pillars and ESG reporting. Further detail is set out in the Strategic Report on pages 58 to 76. Research and Development The Group is dedicated to innovation of methods and techniques, focusing on areas such as enhanced safety delivery, the development and integration of new materials and working techniques, energy efficiency and information modelling. Further detail on innovation is set out in the Strategic Report on pages 6 to 11 and page 20. Political contributions The Group made no political contributions in the current or previous financial year. Results and dividends The consolidated profit and loss account is set out on page 105. The Group paid final dividends of £84.Om (March 2022). CD lO n· ;o CD u .. ..... P    The Company is a holding company which does not trade. The subsidiary undertakings principally affecting the profits or net assets of the Group in the year are listed in note 1 to the financial statements. The Group's principal activity is the development, administration, maintenance and safe operation of the Gas Distribution Networks in Scotland, southern England and Northern Ireland and the supply of associated transportation, connection and metering services. It will continue these activities for the foreseeable future. Directors The Directors of the Company who served during the year ended 31 March 2022 and up to the date of signing can be found on pages 86 to 89. Directors' insurance and indemnities The Directors of the Company have the benefit of the indemnity provisions in the Company's Articles of Association. The Directors have been granted a qualifying third-party indemnity provision which was in force throughout the year. In addition, the Company has purchased and maintained throughout the year Directors' and officers' liability insurance in respect of itself, the Group, the Directors and other senior executives of the Group. Principal risks The review of business for the year, including an analysis using key performance indicators and an indication of likely future developments in the business, together with a description of the principal risks and uncertainties facing the Group are set out in the Strategic Report on pages 51 to 57.    e Group's gas transportation charges are subject to price control formulae set within the regulatory regime. The Group's maximum allowed revenue in a given price period is dependent upon a number of factors that are not known in advance and, therefore, the maximum allowed annual revenue is not known until the end of the relevant period. However, transportation tariffs are set on a prospective basis, so actual revenue received or receivable in any one year may differ from the maximum allowed revenue. Where revenues received or receivable differ from the maximum allowed annual revenue, adjustments are made to future prices to reflect this over or under recover~ Going concern The Group's financial position, cash flows, liquidity position and borrowing facilities together with the factors likely to affect its future performance and the Group's principal risks and uncertainties are set out in the Strategic Report on pages 12 to 76. The Group's financial risk management objectives and risk exposures are set out above. As stated in the Strategic Report the Group operates the regulated gas distribution networks in the south of England, Scotland and Northern Ireland. The revenue of the Group is regulated by Ofgem (for the south of England and Scotland) and UREGNI (for Northern Ireland) through established price control mechanisms based on the distribution network capacity. The Group has considerable financial resources together with committed financing facilities as discussed in note 18 of the financial statements, to finance the current and future operations. The Covid-19 pandemic, the rise in gas prices, and the conflict in Ukraine have impacted the global economy and, in light of this, the Group has performed additional analysis of its going concern of the Group as a whole including performing scenario testing and sensitivity analysis. These forecasts show the Group would be able to operate within its available committed liquidity (cash and bank facilities). As a consequence, the Directors believe the Group is well placed to manage its business risks successfully. After making enquiries, the Directors have a reasonable expectation that the Company and the Group have adequate resources to continue in operational existence for the foreseeable future and for a period of at least 12 months following the approval of the Annual Report & Accounts (i.e. until 31 July 2023). Accordingly, they continue to adopt the going concern basis in preparing the annual report and financial statements. Disclosure of information to auditors Each of the Directors report confirms: at the date of this 1) so far as the Director is aware, there is no relevant audit information of which the Company's auditor is unaware; and 2) the Director has taken all the steps they ought to have taken as a Director, to make themselves aware of any relevant audit information and to establish the Company's auditor is aware of that information. This confirmation is given and should be interpreted in accordance with the provisions of section 418 of the Companies Act 2006. The auditor, be proposed forthcoming Ernst & Young LLP, will for re-appointment at the Annual General Meeting.
