   Corporate Governance The Companies (Miscellaneous Reporting) Regulations 2018 apply to company reporting for financial years starting on or after 1 January 2019. We have adopted the Wates Corporate Governance Principles for Large Private Companies as an appropriate framework when making a disclosure regarding corporate governance arrangements. We set out below how we have applied the six Principles: 1. Purpose and Leadership Taking care of people is at the heart of everything we do. We support our customers through difficult and stressful times, often when unexpected things have happened. When they contact us, our colleagues are responsible for providing much-needed support and assistance. In turn, we believe it's important to do the same for them. At Sedgwick, our philosophy is caring counts®. This means supporting our clients, customers and colleagues with the level of compassion and respect we should all expect from each other. Our business is underpinned by our five core values: accountability, collaboration, growth, inclusion, and empathy. We strongly believe these values and our monthly values in action awards ensure the continued success of our business. 2. Board composition The Board is comprised of five members, who all bring complementary experience and expertise to the business. Through these Directors, the Board has coverage across operations, finance, legal and executive matters. The day to day management of the business is delegated by the Board to the UK Executive Committee which is made up of the Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer, Chief Operating Officer and Chief Client Officer. The Executive meet formally once a month to discuss strategic and matters of significance to the business. 3. Director responsibilities The Board is responsible for promoting the long-term success of the business for the benefit of its owners and considering the interests of its stakeholders. Further detail on those considerations is provided in the S.172 statement. 4. Opportunity and risk Sedgwick manages risk in a proportionate manner through a Risk Management Framework. This ensures our risk management structure is maintained, sustained and continues to be effective. Our Risk Committee comprises of the Key Individuals responsible for areas of Risk Types as follows: • Financial - Chief Financial Officer • Market - Head of Strategic Business Development • Product - Chief Operating Officer • Technology and Data - Head of IT • Natural hazards and other - Head of Risk & Compliance • Employment - Colleague Resources Director • Legal and Regulatory - Head of Risk & Compliance • Health and Safety - Head of Risk & Compliance    business. The committee will ensure that we have: • Identified the risk. • Captured and recorded the risk. • Evaluated the potential impact on our business. • Introduced appropriate measures to mitigate the risk. • Checked that those measures are being implemented. 5. Remuneration The remuneration of the Directors is set in line with market rates and at levels commensurate with their positions and levels of responsibility. As a subsidiary of a large US Group, the remuneration of the Directors is set by the remuneration committee and takes into consideration the long-term success of the business. Accordingly, all Directors participate in both short term and long-term incentive schemes. 6. Stakeholder relationships and Engagement The Board understands the importance of maintaining strong stakeholder relationships and ensuring continued engagement. The business conducts annual engagement surveys, bi-annual briefings and more regular pulse checks as required. During 2021, the business todk increased consideration of these matters to ensure that colleagues felt supported and informed during the most intense stages of the pandemic. The UK Executive Cqmmittee is responsible for taking appropriate action to ensure that improvements are made to stakeholder experience and engagement.
