   Corporate As noted In the Strategic report. the (Miscellaneous Reporting) Regulations of the Companies Act 2006. Company's Board of Directors has adopted 2018 (the Regulations) and the directors' the Wates Principles The Boord has also considered the Companies duties to promote the success of the Company as set out In Section 172 This report sets out the Six Wates Principles and how Selfridges applies these· I. Purpose and Leadership • Selfridges was founded in 1908 by Horry Gordon Selfridge and the first Selfridges store opened its doors in 1909; today, the Company continue to carry out our business in line with the principle that Everyone is Welcome and aim to offer an extraordinary customer experience • Sellridges hos a clear and defined Vision and Purpose. as outlined in the Strategic report on page 4 • The Board ol Directors and the Executive Committee lead the business with Vision and Purpose across physical stores and digitally and its Directors • The Vision and Purpose are embedded at every level of the business. alongside Sellridges· sustrnnabIlIty commitments. detail in the Directors' report on page l 0. embodied these commitments and targets to achieve science-based carbon services Project Earth, outlined in more reduction targets in goods and • The Seliridges Values of embrace every sell. create business decisions are made and how team members the extraordinary. are recognised and lead with purpose. and rewarded resonate across all levels of the Company high standards we expect as we work to achieve and inform how • Our Code Purpose of Ethics. lurther described in the Directors· report above. sets out the our Vision and • The Executive Committee encourages all managers to recognise team members who demonstrate through recognition and reward schemes as well as bi-annual Extraordinary People Awards. although due ta the impact al Covid-19 2. Boord Composition their commitment thcsG activities ta our Values and sustainability continued to be curtailed In 2021 • The si2e and backgrounds. report on page composition experience 7 of the Boord is considered to be appropriate with all members making a valuable contribution and knowledge The Boord is supported by the Company Secretary. The 11stof Board members There is a balance of skills. can be found In the Directors' • Board meetings are held four tIm€s a year and more often 1frequired The Directors ensure that the decision making is in line with the Vision and Purpose • An induction is provided upon joining. and specific training on directors' duties Is provided once a year. • Other training on key areas of risk or compliance (e.g data protection. co•ruption) is provided from time to time. as appropriate This ensures underpinned by considerations of compliance and good governance. health and awareness safety, competition remains current law, Corporate Finances Act. and doc1s1o'l making across anti-bribery the Campany and is    3. Director Responsib1/ities • The Board recognises the importance of having an effective corporate governance framework with clear lines of accountability and 3upport efledive ded~iv,, 111uk111\du, µurl ur promoting the Company s success. lhe Hoard has developed and adopted the Vision and linanciol performance and approves budgets. makes strategic decisions and ensures that adequate leadership is in place to implement Board of Directors approves reporis required to be published by the Company each year. including statutory accounts. gender pay gap slavery report. tax strategy and others responsibility to Purpose, reviews decisions. The repori. modern • The Executive Committee is supported by the senior management team from across the Company. Members of senior management of the Executive Committee for other executive led, decision making committees: for example, the Information Security Steering oversees data protection. information security and cyber risk in the Company. This enables decision making to be delegated appropriate specialist skills and introduces diversity al thinking to the benefit of the Company and its Directors. will Join members Committee, which to individuals with • The Executive Committee and Boord of Directors, as well as other members interest and a formal confirmation of any conflicts is requested once a year of the senior management team are aware of their duty to avoid conflicts of • A whistleblowing / complaints there is a secure, anonymous Group. as appropriate 4. Opportunity and Risk reporting process (managed by a third party) route for any concerns to be escalated to nnrl 1s1n place nrlrlrP~~ed for all team members working in Selfridges This ensures that by the General CoLmsel and Managing Director or Selfridges • The Executive Committee and Boord of Directors ore committed aim of promoting and delivering long term value. lo regularly reviewing the Company's Vision and Purpose to ensure that these meet lhe • Principal risks have been identified across the Company at a department, project and corporate level. Risks are assessed on a matrix of impact (f1nanc1al and reputat1onal) and likelihood. with target risks noted and a plan to address, m1t1gate or improve the risk position where possible. Risks ore regularly reviewed, and the overarching corpora:e risk register is discussed at the quarterly Executive Risk Management Committee meetings, as well as bi-annually at the meeting of the directors with the Audit Committee • The Executive Risk Management Committee supports the Board of Directors in identifying and managing directors/managers to address or mitigate those risks. The Executive Risk Management Committee meetings • The key corporate risks are outlined in the principal risks and uncertainties section of the Strategic report. key corporate risk and identifying actions are normally chrnred by the Stores Director for • The Audit Committee the linaocial statements, ore reviewed each year is appointed relationship by the Boord ol Directors in consultot1on with the shareholders and its responsibilities include reviewing the integrity of with the external auditors and eflectiveness of internal financial controls. The Audit Committee's terms of reference • Other risks are managed Committee, and strategic by Executive led sub-committees, projects (stores and technology) such as data v:a programme protection, governance cyber and information security via the Information Security Steering meetings led by members of the Executive Committee. • Capitol expenditure and Selfridges Group. is governed A Contracts by a dedicated framework including monthly meetings, Authorisation Policy is 1nplace across the Company which are attended by members of the Executive Committee • There are management policies and procedures procedures in place for other key risk areas - e.g. anti-money laundering. anti-bribery and corruption Committee and sole deposit 5. Remuneration • Selfridgcs Group has a Remuneration members once a year Committee which reviews compensation for the Company's directors, Executive and senior team • The Company has clear pay structures based on grade. seniority and responsibility, with commission schemes in place in retail areas and schemes in place for retail managers and head office or back of house roles. Bonus schemes are aligned with the Company's performance individual performance. as well as behaviours in line with the Company's Vision, Purpose and Values. bonus and • There is a long-term incentive plan in place for the Executive Committee and a small additional retention and to align decisions and behaviours with the long-term success of the Company. group of senior management in key roles to assist with 6. Stakeholder Relat1onsh1ps and Engagement • The Roord and Executive Committee believe that engagement with stakeholders is key to the success al the business • Details of how Seltridges engages with team members, customers. suppliers and other stakeholders is addressed above within the Strategic report.
