   orporate Governance Arrangements As required under the Companies (Miscellaneous Reporting) Regulations 2018, this section of the Directors' Report describes the corporate governance arrangements of the Company during the year. The Directors confirm that the Company has applied all of the Principles set out in the Wates Corporate Governance Principles for Large Private Companies 2018, a copy of which is available at www.frc.org.uk. 1. Purpose and Leadership The Board of the Company is collectively responsible for promoting the success of the Company and ensuring that its values, strategy and culture align with its purpose. The purpose of the Company is set out on page 2 of these accounts, and the values, strategy and culture of the Company are aligned with- those of the Company's ultimate parent company, Serco Group pie. Further information concerning the values, strategy and culture of the Group are provided in the 2021 Serco Group pie Annual Report and Accounts. 2. Board Composition The Board of the Company's ultimate parent company, Serco Group pie, has delegated responsibility to the Executive Committee ofSerco Group pie to ensure the effective direction and control of the business. The Executive Committee has approved internal guidelines for the constitution of subsidiary boards which take into consideration the value and strategic importance of the contracts which operate through each subsidiary and the level of oversight required. This ensures that the Board of the Company is of an appropriate size and structure, and has an appropriate combination of skills, experience and knowledge to promote accountability and to provide constructive challenge to achieve effective decision making, and that the level of understanding is relevant to the Company's business needs and stakeholder interests. The Board of Serco Group pie is committed to improving gender and ethnic diversity on the Serco Group pie Board and in the senior management population within the Group from which appointments to the Board of the Company are selected. Further details of how the Serco Group pie Board Diversity Policy is reviewed and assessed can be found on page 134 of the 2021 Serco Group pie Annual Report and Accounts. Details of how diversity and inclusion is promoted across the Group can be found in the People Report 2021, which is available on the Serco Group pie website, www.serco.com. Details of how the members of the Board of the Company are supported in continued investment in personal and professional development are provided on page 44 of the 2021 Serco Group pie Annual Report and Accounts. 3. Director Responsibilities The internal affairs of the Company are governed by the management framework of its ultimate parent company, Serco Group pie, (the Serco Management System ('SMS')). The SMS ensures clear levels of accountability and governance through policies, standards and procedures concerning: • Business Conduct and Ethics • Business Continuity and Crisis Management • Business Development • Environment and Climate Change • Finance Pa    Corporate Governance Arrangements {continued) 3. Director Responsibilities (continued) • Governance • Health and Safety • Information Integrity • Information Technology • Operations • People • Procurement and Supply Chain • Quality • Risk Management • Security The policy statements can be found on the Serco Group pie website, www.serco.com. 4. Opportunity and Risk The SMS includes polices, standards and procedures to identity future opportumtles for innovation and entrepreneurship, and to ensure that business development is managed through organisational structures with clearly defined responsibilities and decision points. A specific procedure describes reserved powers and delegated powers of authority that apply within the Serco Group and its subsidiaries, including processes for approval of business opportunities ofa certain value. The Company leverages the risk management processes of its ultimate parent company, Serco Group plc, see pages 3 to 21 of this Annual Report for further details. 5. Remuneration The Company is a subsidiary of Serco Group pie. The remuneration of its Directors, and the approach to remuneration for all colleagues within Serco Limited, follows the principles and philosophy of remuneration at Serco as set out in the Serco Group plc Directors' Remuneration Policy. The Remuneration Policy is set by the Remuneration Committee of Serco Group pie taking into consideration the pay and conditions of the wider workforce, and general practice in the external market. Full details of our approach to remuneration, and the framework applied throughout the Group, can be found in our 2020 Directors' Remuneration Report. The approach to remuneration is compliant with the provisions of the UK Corporate Governance Code. 6. Stakeholder Relationships and Engagement The Company leverages the Environmental, Social and Governance ('ESG') agenda of its ultimate parent company, Serco Group pie, which is driven by the ESG Framework of the Group. Serco Group publishes an annual ESG report which details its commitment, strategy and performance. The report can be found: https://www .serco.com/esg.    rporate Governance Arrangements (continued) 6. Stakeholder Relationships and Engagement (continued) The SMS includes workforce policies and procedures for reporting concerns regarding violations of Group values, policies or the Group Code of Conduct. The Board of the Company is responsible for overseeing meaningful engagement with stakeholders, including the workforce, and must have regard to their views when taking decisions. The ways in which interests of stakeholders have been considered and the manner in which engagement is achieved is set out on pages 24 to 32.
