   Corporate Governance Report Fo1·The Year Ended 31st December 2021 Statement of Corporate Governance ?1Tangements For the year ended 31st December 2021, under The Companies (Miscellaneous Reporting) Regulations 2018, the UK Group has applied the Wates Corporate Governance Principles for Large Private Companies (published by the Financial Reporting Council ('FRC') in December 2019 and available on the FRC website). The disclosures below explain how the Group has applied these principles in the context of its corporate governance arrangements. P1·inciple I - Pm·pose and Leadership As one of the UK's leading contractors, Skanska is an inclusive and responsible business that is helping to build for a better socieiy. Known for major projects across the country, we are building, upgrading and maintaining the counh)''s infrastructure. Drawing on our Scandinavian heritage, we are green, innovative and values-driven. We bring together people and technology, as part of our quest to make construction a safer and more collaborative industry. Purpose The Group's purpose and mission is to build for a better society. What we do and how we do it contributes to a sustainable future for our people, our customers and for the conunuriitics in which we operate. We deliver our purpose through our great variety of projects and innovative, sustainable solutions. It is about what we do as well as how we do it. We aim to lead in health and safety. ethics, green, inclusion and diversity and community inveshnent - our Sustainability areas - and we do that through our commitment, passion, and expertise. This creates greater shared value for our people, for society and for Skanska. Values and Culture The Group's four core values are: care for life, act ethically & transparently, be better - together and commit to customers. Our value$ express our moral foundations and compass. They express who we are, how we behave and what we believe in, and help us in our day-to-day work. Values provide business benefits (page 4) and living our values will make us successful. Actions that arc not in line with, or may jeopardise, our values arc not accepted. We strive to create value for our shareholders and to have a positive impact on society. We don't believe it is about doing one or the other; it is about doing both at the same time. Profit is needed to deliver on purpose and a strong purpose will contribute to profit. Every project should both be profitable and delivered in line with the Skanska values and our ambition to be a leader within Sustainability. The Group's operations consist of construction and related activities. Operating units within several streams collaborate in various ways, creating operational and financial synergies that generate increased value. The Skanska Code of Conduct defines how all Skanska employees should work. The aim of the Code is to provide clear direction for everyday behaviour, helping us to live our values and maintain our positio•n as a safo, ethical and sustainable business. Our aim is to ensure all projects reflect our purpose and are not only profitable but are delivered without ethical breac_hesand with a transparent and inclusive culture. People are at the heart of our business; we aim to create an inclusive culture with an environment where employees can be themselves and be the best they can be. We offer our employees opportunities to develop and learn. The Group sets a culture based on transparency, values and high perfonnance, with employees working together towards common goals. This culture is embedded through senior management engagement, performance reviews, reward structures, as well as training and induction. We monitor the effectiveness of this culture and communication through staff surveys, exit interviews and feedback sessions with Directors. Strategy In the first half of 2022, the Group entered its next plan cycle and launched Business Plan 2024 across the business. At the core of the new Business Plan remains Skanska's long-term purpose and values. 111enew plan follows a market penetration strategy, aiming to increase our share of work in our most successful sectors and grow revenues with existing customers. Along with a challenging s.:t of fina~cial targets, the outcome of Business Plan 2024 is to make progress against our ambition to become the most respected construction company in the UK    ·n1c first stage of the Laser focus Plan (page 4) focused on strategic objectives in five key areas: Right people - Making sure we use objective. performance-based information based on evidence when we appoint people to key project positions. ll1is is strategically important because people in tltese pivotal roles take values-driven decisions which significantly affect the successful delivery of projects. The key objective is to collect factual information about our projects and employees performance and t11cnmaking sure we use it to drive a successful, diverse and collaborative team enabling ilic best opportunity to achieve profit with purpose. Design control - Design control covers everything about how we assess, manage and deal wiili project design. This is critically important for the success of our projects and has a significant impact on our clients and our profitability. We have recognised that early collaboration with our partners on design in an open but controlled environment gives ilie best chance of success. This relates to all parts of a project from tender and procurement ilirough to delivery and handover. Understanding and applying the deal - lbis is about knowing the contract, acting on iliat knowledge and recognising the commercial impact it has on our stakeholders as well as upon ourselves. A collaborative, no surprises environment is the goal ensuring all parties are able to achieve their objectives. be they financial or operational. Quality - We recognise that the cost of "lack of quality" is a burden to any construction business through the subsequent rework of design and delivery. Therefore, this objective is about ensuring a "right first lime" mentality is driven through all areas of tlle Business. Using recognised and professional techniques tlirough to sharing best practice and empowering our employees to innovate is at the heart of the objective. A clear and realistic plan that can be actioned and measured is key to each part of any project. • Forecasting and reporting- It is fundamental that reporting needs to be accurate, transparent and consistent across the Group. This also allows for more accurate forecasting, empowering tlie BU lo be able to understand the opportunities available to it and the challenges it faces. The rollout of new project valuation systems alongside training and support for Project teams has been vital in achieving iliis objective. By focusing on ilie strategic objectives in these key areas in the short-term increases profitability and in ilie long-term increases stakeholder value and sustainability. "ll1esc are monitored through margins achieved on pr,ojects as well as employee appraisals and customer surveys. In order for the Laser Focus Plan to be successful we need to: base our decisions on fact and realism; scrutinise effectively; learn from success and failure; address under perfom1ancc and do what we say we would do. At their core is ilic Skanska culture -values driven, open and transparent, striving to be belier - together. This in tum helps to advance the Group's purpose of building for a better society. Principle 2 - Board Composition The board is made up of ilie Executive Management Team (EMT) which is led by UK President and CEO, Gregor Craig, supported by six Executive Vice Presidents. The board comprises a balance of skills, backgrounds, experience and knowledge with each individual making a valuable contribution. The average tenure oftlie board is six years. The EMT is responsible for setting the strategic direction. values, ethics and purpose across the Group. The size of the board is considered sufficient for the strategic needs and challenges faced by ilic organisation and enables effective decision making. The board is evaluated on a regular basis by its ultimate parent company Skanska AB. Pl"inciplc3 - Directo1·s' Responsibilities Accountability Each board member has a clear understanding of their responsibility and accountability. "Thecorporate governance framework ensures that Skanska is managed sustainably, responsibly and etliciently on behalf of all stakeholders. lbe purpose of corporate governance is also to ensure oversight of the Group by the EMT and management. By having a clearly defined governance structure as well as proper policies and procedures, the board can ensure that management and employees are focused on developing ilie business and thereby generating shareholder value and having a positive iinpact on society. The board usually 1'neetstwice a month as an executive team and additionally as required.    The EMT delegates authority for day-to-day management of the Group to t11cSenior Management Team (SMT), which it has oversight of, made up of individuals with the appropriate knowledge, qualifications and industry experience to carry out tlrnir roles. The SMT comprises of members who arc responsible for specific operations and functions to enable effective and efficient decision making. ·n1c Group has a delegation of authority policy which clearly details what decisions can be delegated and to whom, including any financial limits. In some instances, Skanska HQ approval is also required above the EMT levels of aut11ority. Integrity ofinfo1·mation The EMT receives regular and timely information on all key aspects of the business including Sustainability, health and safety, opportunities, risks, financial perfomrnnce, strategy, operations, order bookings and other key performance indicators. Information is reported from the· Group's operational, commercial and accounting systems. The employees involved are appropriately qualified to ensure the integrity of this information and are provided with the necessary training to keep up to date with any regulatory changes. Financial controls are regularly and routinely reviewed by the ultimate parent company's internal audit function. Principle 4 - Opportunitv and Risk The EMT aims to promote ilie long-term sustainable success of the Group by identifying opportunities to create and preserve value and establishing oversight for the identification and mitigation of risks. Opportunity For our conslruclion operations, several factors have a significant bearing on the eventual outcome of the project, including -type and size, where it is located, how the contract and delivery npproach ·are strnctured and the relationship with the cu~tomcr. The Group has procedures and tools to manage risk and to deliver the Group's business plan. This platform provides a structured and efficient means of maximising profitability and achieving the business plan. It builds on the Group's fundamentals of focusing on core project types and the understanding of its customers and markets. As part of our Laser Focus Plan, the goal is that every project must hit or beat tender margin, delivering an operating margin of 3% or greater. There are Jive work streams which have been prioritised as they will have most impact on improving our financial performance: the right people; design control; understanding and applying the deal; quality; forecasting and reporting. We only bid on projects in areas which we have a proven track record of success and which delivers a 3% or greater operating margin. In order to identify these projects, we continuously monitor sectors we currently operate in from both a financial and performance perspective whilst also assessing the potential future opportunities. From Limeto Limethis evaluation protocol is also extended to newly-emerging sectors. Combining these elements togeilier has given us a good understanding of the projects we slwuld bid for. It is not just, however, about what we do, but also how we do it. To niake the Laser Focus Plan a success we aim to: base our decisions on fact and realism; scrutinise effectively; learn from success and failure; address underperfom1ance; and do what we say we will do. As part of this, the 'Quality of Scrutiny' programme was introduced, an initiative undertaken by the Group to further enhance our abilities in scrutinising and managing projects. In order to improve our performance and achieve a high level of operational stability, we scrutinise and revisit continuously how we work with the estimating, planning, project execution, bid selection, risk assessment, administrative and support functions. Risk The way in which risk management is dealt with across the Group is set out in the Skanska Group Enterprise Risk Management Information Policy. The enterprise risks are classified in four categories: strategic; operational: financial; and regulatory. The Group's approach to risk is governed by Skanska AB, the ultimate parent company, who have identified the material risks in its operations that may, if not managed correctly, lead to errors in financial reporting and/or have an impact on the Company's perfom1ance results. Skanska AB's Group Leadership Team and its core functions arc responsible for managing general risks relating to strategy, macroeconomics and regulatory frameworks, while the main tasks relating to operational risks and opportunities are carried out at the local level within its individual business units The UK is required to carry out a business-wide enterprise risk assessment every two years, with the assessment being fom1ally monitored by the ultimate parent in tht: interim year. This enables the board to monitor and assess risks at a local level and consider whether these are in line with the nltimate parent company's assessed risks at a global level. The last review was carried out during 2021 and a new process ofrevicwing and, if necessary, updating risks on a quarterly basis was adopted. The principal risks for the Group are set out within the Strategic Report (page 2).    Responsibilities 1lu: EMT has established an internal control framework witJ1clearly defined roles and rcsponsibilit1es for those involved. The Skanska UK policies, procedures and guidelines provide the basic rules and instructions to provide a clear structure for the business operations and they represent current best practice. Principle 5 - Remuneration At Skanska, a high-performance culture supported by appropriate remuneration and an award-winning employee development programme is critical to the delivery of individual and business objectives. This culture is driven by the alignment of clear and challenging responsibilities and ensuring that employees arc aware of how their work impacts the Group. Skanska stands by the principle of "equal pay for equal work". Accordingly, decisions relating to remuneration are never influenced by discriminatory factors. Furthennore, Skanska adopts the Grandparent Principle for any remuneration decisions. To ensure fair and objective remuneration, approval is required from the line manager and the line manager's manager. The remuneration of the CEO is approved by the Skanska AB compensation committee. 3nd external benchmarks are used in th<!setting of this. Remuneration of board members is approved by the CEO of Skanska AB in line with the requirements of the Skanska AB Compensation Committee. The annual bonus plan for the CEO and other board members is based on two factors: profitability; and performance against a small number of strategic measures. Targets for both areas are set annually. The annual strategic measures are aligned with the three areas of the "Profit with Purpose" initiative - Great People, Operational Excellence, and Market Making. Principle 6 - Stakeholder Relationships and Engagement The EMT is clear that good governance and effective communication are critical to the Group· s success. These factors enable us to deliver our purpose within our communities, and to protect the Group's brand, reputation and relationships with our stakeholders and ultimate parent, Skanska AB. Our Communities The Group is committed to providing a sustainable future for its people, customers and communities. The Group's work makes a clear contribution to society and the environment. We arc committed to supporting the communities in which we operate, and tJu-oughour structured approach to community investment we provide our time, skills and gifts in kind to leave a positive legacy wherever we work. Our focus is on strengthening local economies and championing education in our areas of expertise. We believe this is where we can have the greatest influence, and it directly supports our purpose to build for a better society. Our projects may last for several years in construction and are designed to last for many years after that. We are committed to maintaining and improving the environment on our sites and in surrounding areas. We have a team of more than 70 environmental professionals who provide advice and support to our business and projects. This includes delivering on legal compliance, helping our customers to meet their own green ambitions and delivering environmental management that goes above and beyond statutory requirements, including our plan to operate with net-zero carbon emissions by 2045. Stakeholder Relationships and Engagement The EMT promotes accountability and transparency with it~ internal and external stakeholders. An open and ongoing dialogue with stakeholders is a key component in day-to-day operations and long-term planning. This provides important insights regarding their needs. expectations and challenges. The EMT continues to seek to align the Group's strategic direction with its purpose to build for a better society as well as Skanska's long-tem1 sustainability goals of being a responsible business leader in health and safety, ethics, green, inclusion and diversity and community investment, focussing on scaling up climate solutions. and developing all our projects to ensure a high level of resilience. The EMT are the primary communicators between the Group and its ultimate parent company. One of the Group's core values is Commit to Customers. By better understanding our customers' needs, we aim to provide innovative and industry-leading solutions. Relationships with our customers are most productive when we are involved in project planning at an early stage. This allows us to establish and work together towards common aims and provides the best environment for us to add value for them and for their stakeholders. We work on a variety of contracts including those in joint ventures. on frameworks and in partnerships, depending on the project requirements and the customer. TI1eEMT has set the foundations for an initiative to become better engaged and connected with customers. 1liis includes "Customer Insights and Measurement" which is a structured customer satisfaction measurement programme using Net Promoter Score. During the year the EMT receives updates on key customers including any current or potential issues. Each member of EMT will meet regularly with customers as being visible, open and collabora!ive is key to our success. Whether it is sharing best practice, discussing success on a project or resolving challenges, the success of this engagement cannot be underestimated.    Each member is also a direct contributor to professional bodies and associations that shape and give thought leadership to our industry. "Thisinteraction aims to keep the Group at the forefront of innovation, forward-thinking debate and collaboration with all stakeholders. The impact of this engagement can be seen from policy change through to challenging the mindsets about mental health within the industry. The Group works closely with our supply chain partners who are essential to our success. The EMT aims to build collaborative relationships to develop solutions that will drive down costs, manage risk and improve sustainability standards. The EMT have implemented a structured relationship management and development programme, which includes the ISO44001 standard. In the wider industry, the Group is collaborating with the other main contractors in order to help deliver the UK government's Construction 2025 strategy targets - 33% lower costs, 50% faster build and 50% lower emissions - as well as to support the award-winning Supply Chain Sustainability School. The School now has over 70,000 registered users from across the supply chain who can improve tl1eir skills in sustainability competence. The majority of the Group's spend is wit11small- and medium-sized businesses, which are often close to its project sites and offices - helping to support local people and the economy. lhe EMT is committed to applying fair and transparent payment tenns for its supply chain, supporting the national Conslrnction Supply Chain Payment Charter and Prompt Payment Code, which demonstrates its commitment to fair payment. 'The EMT strongly believes that fair und transparent on-time payment is essential to good supply chain partner relationships and the delivery of successful projects. In addition to this, t11eGroup supports several areas of its supply chain to undertake research and development. The Group is committed to managing the wider social, environmental, and economic impacts of its operations which includes the way it engages and builds relationships with its customers and manages sustainability. The EMT is committed to protecting the environment and making a positive contribution to a more sustainable world through improving the environmental performance of all our products and services, and actively working to minimise our impact on climate change. The EMT has set Skanska UK's aim to be the leading green contractor and we continue to make progress against our target to operate with net-zero greenhouse gas emissions by 2045, and deliver against our overall environmental business plan. Investment in people is a priority for the Group, offering employees (including contractors) the opportunity to develop and learn, either within their current role or in one of the cross-Skanska schemes to build networks and improve collaboration. The EMT engages with employees in a number of \\iays throughout tllc year including recruitment and on-boarding platforms, Company-wide conferences, roadshows, development programmes and local communication events. During COVID-19 board and employee engagement was retained through several channels including online meetings, wellbeing surveys and live Company-wide updates including Q&A sessions with the CEO. Over the past few years, the EMT has taken steps to improve employee relations by launching more interactive meetings, improving financial, commercial and operational systems. expanding the range of employee benefits, encouraging more flexible working practices and supporting wellbeing initiatives. An employee engagement survey, 'Your Voice, Our Success' (YVOS), is carried out annually to provide every employee with the opportunity to give input to improve Skanska and enable an approach for understanding strengtlls and development areas. The EMT treats the results of the YVOS survey as an important indicator of the workforce's confidence in tllc Group's strategic direction. Specific feedback is requested on how employees believe the EMT arc performing and whether iliey are trustworthy and capable at leading the Business. Once again, tllc results of this survey in 2021 demonstrated a high level oftrnst and belief in the EMT. Skanska· s Code of Conduct connects all parts of ilie Group witll Skanska 's values, strengthening the business. ll1e Code of Conduct defines how all Skanska employees should work and interact witll each other, customers and other stakeholders. New employees are required to complete Code of Conduct training on or before their first day at Skanska, with a mandatory refresher course for all employees at two-year intervals. Skanska employees are expected to take action, without fear of recourse, iftlley believe iliat there has been a serious breath Loilie Code, for example, fraud, thetl, bullying or health & safety violations. A number of methods arc available for any employee to raise any potential concerns, including anonymously via Skanska's Code of Conduct hotline. Reports are investigated by the Ethics Committee and summaries arc published internally for all employees to read. The Group communicates regularly wit11the Trustees of its various defined benefit pension schemes, who are independent of the Group. 'The Board of Trustees comprises individuals nominated by t11cpension scheme members and by the Group. These relationships are key to ensuring that the decisions made by both the Group and the scheme reflect the interest of all stakeholders. ll1c Company's website (www.skanska.co.uk), recent developments.    ntranet and social media channels provide extensive and up-to-date news on    Principal decision-maki11g The Grpup recognises the importance of engaging with stakeholders to help infonn strategy and EMT decision-making. Relevant stakeholder interests, mcluding those of employees, suppliers, customers and other stakeholders, are taken into account by the EMT when dec'isions are made. In making these decisions, the EMT considers the outcomes of relevant stakeholder engagement as w1ellas the need to .maintain reputation and shareholder value.
