   Statement of Co_rponitc Governance nrrnngements ·For the year ended 31st December 2021, under The Compaajes (Miscellaneous R_epo_rting)Rcgulaiions2018, the UK Group has applied the Wates Corpbl'.llleG_o\lemanccPrinciples for Large Private Companies (published by the Financial Rcpqrting Council ('FRC') in December 2019 and available on the FRC website). The disclosures below explain how li1eGroup has applied these principles in the context of ils corporate governance arrangements. Principle I ,.. Purpose and Leadership As one of the UK's leading c:ontmct<irs,Skanska is an inclusive !\Ild responsible business that is helping lo build for a better society. Known for major projects across I.hecountry, we arc building, upgrading and maintaining ilic country's infrasJ:nu;ture. Drawing on our Scandinavian heritage, we are green, innovative and valucs~driveo. We bring together people and technology, lis part of <iiirquest to make construction u safer and more coil:tborativc industry. Purpose The Group's purpose imd mission is to build for a better society. What we do and how we do ILcontributes to a sustainable future for our people, our customers and for the communities in which we operate. We deliver our purpose through our great' variety of projects and innovativ'<, sustainable.solutions. It is Pbout who.t we do as well. as how we do it. We aim to lead in health and s¢"ety, ethics, green, inclusion and diversity and community investment - our Sustainability areas- and we do that through our commitmcn~ passion, and expertise. This· Cl"e!llesgreater shared value for our peop"ic_,for society and for Skanska. Values and Culture The Grc,up's four core values are: care for life, act ethically & transparently, be licttcr - togeth·cr andi::ornmitto cusi_omers. Clur values express our moral foundatlons and compass. They express who we nre, how we behave and what we believi; in, and help us .in our day-to-day work. Values p_rovidebusiness benefits (page 4) and living our values wi_llmake us successful. Actions thin·are not in line with, or may jeopardise, our values are not accepted. We strive to create value for our shareholders and to ha.vea positive impact on society. We don 'tbeH~vc it is about doing oµe or ihe other; it is about doing both at tl1esame time. Pro tit is needed _lodeliver on purpos·c and a strong purpose will contribute to profit. Every project should both be profitable and delivered in line with the Skanska values and qur am_bilionto be a leader within Sustninnbil1ty. The Group's operations consist of construction nnd related activities. Operating units wi~ih several streams collaborate in various ways, creating operational and finnncial synergies that ge_ncrateincreased value. The Skanska Code of Conduct dcfin~ how aU Skanska employees should ~o_rk. The _aimof the Code is to provide cle_ar direction for everyday behaviour, helping us to live our values and maintain our position as a safe, ethicai and sustainable business. Our aim is ·1_0ensure all projects rcf)cct ciur p_urpos_eand are not only profitable but are delivered without ethical .breaches and with a transparent and inclusive culture. People arc at the heart of our bl_lSincss_;we aint to create an inclusive culture! with an environment where cmployi;cs can be themselves and be the best they can be. We offer our employet';Sopportunities to d~velop liiid !_earn.The Group sets a culture based on U'ansparcn·cy,values· and high performance::,with employees working together to,vards common goals. This culture is embedded through senior management engagemcn~ performance reviews, reward structures, as well as training nod induction. We monitor the effectivcric:ssof this"culture and communication through staff surveys, exit il)lerviews and fctdback sessions with Directors. • Strategy In the first half of 20,22, the Group entered its next plan cycle and launched Business 'Pl(!,112024across the business. Allhe core of the new 'Business Pinn rcmain.s Skanska 's lo:ng-tc_rmpurpos·e and_values. The new plan .follows a· market penetration strategy, aiming to increase our share of work in our most successful sectors and grow reven_ueswith existing custom~rs. Along with a challenging set Qf financial tlirgefs, the o.utcome of Business Phin 2024 .is to make progress against our ambition to 'become the most respccteii construction company in the UK.    Strategic objectives The :first stage of the L;iser Focus Plan (page 4) focused on strategic objectives in five key nreas: .Right people - Making sure we use objective, perfonnnncc-bosed inforrilatlon based on evidence wbco we appoint people to key project p·ositions. T11isis stmtcgicnlly important because peopl_ein these pivotal roles take value_s-drivcndecisions \\il1ich significantly affect the successful delivery of projects. 111ckey objective is lo collect factual information about our projects nnd employees per~omiance and then making sure we use it to drive a su:ccessful, diverse and collaborative tenm enabling the best opportunity to achieve profit wi.th purpose. De.sign control- Design control covers cVciylhing about how we assess.,manage and deal witit project dl;~ign.This i~critically important for the success or'our projects and has a significant impact on our clients and our profitability. We have recognised that early .collaboration with our partners on. design in an open but controHed environment gives the best chance. of success. This relates to all parts of a project from tender and procurement through to delivery and handover. Undc.rstanding and applying the deal - This is about knowing the contruct, acting on that knowledge and recognising the commercial impact it hes on our stakeholders ·as well as upon ourselves. A collaborative, no surprises environment is the goal cnsuring·all parties arcable to achieve lh'eir objectives, be they financial or operational. Quality- We recognise U1atlhe cost of "lack of quality" is a burden to any cons~ction b.usiness U1rough.the subsequecil rework of design and delivery, Therefore, this objective ii; obout ensuring a ''right first time" mentality is driven through nil areas of the Busines_s.Using recognised and professional techniques ihrough to shnring best practice and empowering our employees to innoVllli:is at the heart of the objective. A clear and realistic plan that can be actioned and measured is key to eocb part of any project. Forecasting and rep_orting-,l' is fundamental that reporting needs to be accurate, transparent and consistent iiorossthe Group. This also allci'ivsfor more accurdtc forecasting, empowering the BU io be able to understand the opportunities available to it and U1echallenges it faces. Therollout ofnew project valuation systems alo11gsidctraining and support for Project teams bas been vital in achieving ihjs objective. By focusing on the strategic objectives in these key areas in the shortalcnn increases profitability and in the long~teim increase~ stakehc,lder value and sustainability. These arc monitored through margins achieved on projects as well as employee appraisals am! customer surveys. In order for the Laser Focus Pion to be ~ui:c~~~ful~veneed to: base o~ decisions o_nfact and rcalis111;scrutinise effectively_; learn from success nnd failure; address unde_rperformance and do what we say we would do. At their core is ·the Skanska culture-values driv~'ll,open and transparent, striving to be better- iogether. This in.tum helps to advance the Group's purpose of building for a better socicly. Principle 2 -Board. Composition The board is ~ade up of the Ex~utivc Management Team (EMT) which is led by .UK President and CEO, Gregor Craig, supported by si.xExccutive Vic~ Presidents. The bonrd comprises a balance of skills, backgroun~, experience and knowledge with each individual making o valuable contributron. The average tenure of the bonrd is six years. The EMT is responsible for setting the strnte_&icdirection, values, ethics and purpose across the Group, The size of the board is considered su.fficiet1t(or the strategic needs and challenges faced by Ute organisation and enables effective decision making. Theboard is evaluated on a regular basis by its ultimate parent company Sknnska AB. Principle 3 - Directors' Responsibilities Accountability .Each boaril m~mber h.asa clear undcrstand.ing of their.responsibility und.nccounlability. The corporate governance framework ensures that Skanska is managed sustainably, responsibly and efficiently on behalf of all sl:ikcholders. The purpose of corporate governance is also to ensure oversight of the Group by the EMT and management. By having n clearly defined governance structure as well as p·ro·perpolic;ies and procedures, lhc board can ensure that management and employees arc focuse.d on developing the business and thereby generating shareholder value nnd having a positive impact on society. The board usually meets twice a month as an executive team and additionally as required.    The EMT delegates authority for day-to-day management of the Group to the Senior Management Team (SMT), which .it has oversight of, made up of individuals with the appropriate knowledge, qualifications nnclindustry experience to carry out their roles. The SMT comprises of members who arc responsible for sp_ccificoperations and functions to enable effective and efficfcnt decision.making; The Group has o delegation of authority policy which clearly details what decisions can be delegated and to whom, including any financial limits. In some instances, Sklinska HQ approval is also required above I.heEMT levels of authority. Integrity of information The EMTreceives regular and timely information on all key aspects oflhc business including Susiainability, health and safely, opportunities, risks, financial performance, strategy, operations, order bookings and other key performance indicators. lnformation is reported from the Group's opemtioaol, commercial and accounting systems. The employees involved are appropriately qualified 10 ensure the integrity of this infonnation and arc provided with the necessary training to keep up to date with any regulatory changes. Financial controls are regularly and routinely reviewed by the ultimate parent company's internal audit function . .Principle 4 - Opportunitv und Risk The EMT aims to promote the long-term sustainable success of the Group by identifying oppornmiries to create and preserve valu_eand establishing oversight for ihe identification and mitigation of risks. Opportunity For our construction operations, several factors ha,•c a significant bearing on the eventual outcome of the project, including -type and si7.e,where it is located, how Lhecontract and delivery approach are structured and the relationship with the customer. The Group has procedures and tools to manage risk and to deliver I.he Group'.s business pion. This platform provides a strl!,c-tun:d and efficient means ofmaximising profitability and achieving the business plan. TLbuilds on the Group's fundamentals of focusing on core project types and Lhcunderstanding of its customers and .markets. As part of our Laser Focus Plan, the goal is that every project must hit or bea_Ltender margin, delivering an operating margin of 3% or greater. There arc five work streams which have been prioritised as they wilt have most impact on improving our .financial performance: tht: right people; design control; understanding and applying the deal; quality; forecasting and reporting. We only bid on projects in areas which we have a proven track record of success and which delivers a 3% or greater operating margin. In order to identify these projects, we continuously monitor sectors we currently operate in from both a financial and performance perspective whilst also assessing the poicnlial future opportunities. From time Lotime !his evaluation projocol is also extended to newly-emerging sectors. Combining these clements together has given us a good understanding of the projects we should bid for. It is not Just, however, about what we do, but also how we do it. To .make the Laser Focus Plan a success we aim to: base our decisions on fact and realism; scrutinise effectively; learn from success and failure; address undeiperformancc; and do whal we say we will do. As part of this, the 'Quality of Scrutiny' programme was introduced, an initi11tiveundertaken by the Group to further enhance our abilities in scrutinising·and managing projects. In order 10 improve our performance and achieve a high level ofoperational stability, we scrutinise and revisit continuously how we work with the estimating, planning, project execution, bid selection, risk assessment; administrative and support functions. Risk The way in which risk management is dealt with across lhe Group is set out in the Sknnska Group Enterprise RisjcManagement Information Policy. The enterprise risks arc classified in four categories: strategic; operational; financial; and regulatory. The Group's approach to risk is governed by Skanska AB, the ultimate parent company, who have identified tbe material risks in iis operations thal may, if not managed correctly, lead to errors in financial reporting and/or have an impact on the Company's performance results. Skanska AB's Group Leadership Team and its core functions ore responsible for DlJIDoginggeneral risks relating to strategy, inacrocconomics and regulatory frameworks, while U1cmain tasks relating to operational risks and opportunities are carried out at I.helocal level within its individual. business units The UK is required to carry out a business-wide enterprise risk assessment every two years, with Lheassessment being formally monitored by Ilic ultimate parent in the interim year. n1is enables the board Lo monitor and assess risks nt n local level and consider whetber these are in line with the ultimate parent company's assessed risks 111a global level. n1e last review was carried out during 2021 and a new process of reviewing and, if necessary, updating risks on a quarterly basis was adopted. The principal risks for the Group are set out within U1cStrategic Repon (page 2).    Responsibilities The EMT hos established nn internal control framework with clearly defined roles and responsibilities for those involved. The Skanska UK policies, procedures and guidelines provide the basic rules and instructions to provide n clcnr structure for the business operations and. they represent current best practice. Principle 5 - Remuneration Al Skanska, a high-pcrfonnance culture supported by appropriate remuneration and an award-winning employee development programme is critical to the delivery of individual and business objectives. This culture is driven by the alignment of clear and challenging responsibilities and ensuring that employees arc aware of how iheir work impacts the Group. Skanska stands by the principle of "equal pay for equal work". Accordingly, decisions relating to remuneration are never int.luenced by discriminatory factors. Furthermore, Skanska adopts the Grandparent Principle for any remuneration decisions. To ensure fair and objective remwteralion, approval ls required from the line manager and the line manager's manager. The remuneration of the CEO is approved by tbe Skanska AB compensation committee, nnd external benchmarks are used in the setting of this. Remuneration of board members is approved by the CEO of Skanska AB in line with the requirements of the Skanska AB Compensation Committee. The annual bonus plan for the CEO and other board members is based on two factors: profitability; and perfomwnce against a small number of strategic measures. Targets for both areas are set annually. The annual strategic measures arc aligned with the three areas of the "Profit with Purpose" initiative -Great People, Operational Excellence, and Market Making. Principle 6 -Stakeholder Rclationsbips and Engagement The EMT is clear that good governance and effective communication arc critical to the Group's success. These factors enable us to deliver our purpose within our communities, and to protect the Group's brand, reputation and relationships witJ1our stakeholders and ultimate parcn~ Skanska AB. Our Communities The Group is committed to providing a sustainable future for its people, customers and communities. The Group's work makes a clear contribution to society and t.hc environment. We are commitied to supporting the communities in which we operate, nnd ihrougb our structured approach to community invcslment we provide our time, skills and gifts in kind lo leave a positive legacy wherever we work. Our focus is on strengthening local economics and championing education in our areas of expertise. We believe this is where we can have the greatest influence, and it directly supports our purpose to build for a better society. Our projects may last for several years in construction nod arc designed to Inst for many years ofter tbat. We are committed to maintaining and improving the environment on our sites and in surrounding areas. We bnve a team of more limn 70 environmental professionals who provide advice and support to our business and projects. This includes delivering on legal compliance, helping our customers to meet their own green umbitions and delivering environmental management l11atgoes above and beyond statutory requirements, including our plan to operate with net-zero carbon emissions by 2045. Stakeholder Relationships and Engagement The EMT promotes accountability and transparency will1its internal and external stakeholders. An open and ongoing dialo1,'llc with stakeholders is a key component in dny-to-day operations nod long-term planning. Thls provides important insights regarding tJ1eirneeds, expectations and challenges. The EMT continues to seek to align the Group's strategic direction with its purpose to build for a better society as well as Sknnska's long-term sustainability goals of being a responsible business leader in health and safety, ethics, green, inclusion and diversity and community investment, focussing on scaling up climate solutions, and developing nil our projccis lo ensure a high level of resilience: The EMT are the primary communicators between ihe Group and its ultimate parent company. One of Ute Group's core \'alues is Commit to Customers. By betier understanding our customers' needs, we aim to provide innovative and industry-leading solutions. Relationships with our customers are mosl productive when we are involved in project planning at an early stage. This al.lows us to establish and work togctJ1cr towards common aims and provides the best environment for us to add va:Juefor them and for U1cirstakeholders. We work on a variety of contracts including those in joint ventures, on frameworks and in partnerships., depending on tbc project requirements and the customer. The EMT has set the foundations for an initiative lo become better engaged and connected with customers. Thls includes "Customer Insights and Measurement'' which is a structured customer satisfaction measurement programme using Nci Promoter Score. During the year the EMT receives updates on key customers including any current or potential issues. Each member of EMT will mecl regularly with customers as being visible, open and collliborntivc is key to our success. WheU1er ii is sharing best practice, discussing success on a project or rcsol viog d1allengcs, U1esuccess of U1isengagement cnnnot be undcrcslimatcd.    Each member is also a direct contribuior to professional bodies and associations that shape and give thought leadership to our industry. This interaction aims to keep the Group at the forefront of innovation, forward-thinking debate and collaboration with aU stakeholders. The impact of this engagement can be seen from policy change through to challenging the mindsets about menial .health within the industry. The Group works closely with our supply chain partners who are essential to our success. The EMT aims to build collaborative relationships io develop solutions thal will drive down costs, manage risk and .improve sustainability standards. The EMT have implemented, 11 structured relationship management and development programme, which includes the 1SO4400l standard. In the wider industry, the Group is collaborating with the other main contractors in order to help deliver the UK government's Construction 2025 strategy targets - 33% lower costs, 50% faster build and 50% lower emissions - as well as to support the 11ward,winningSupply Chain Sustainability School. TI1eSchool now has over 70,000 registered users from across the supply chain who can improve their skills in sustainability competence. The majority of the Group's spend is with smnll- and medium-sized businesses, which are often close to its project sites and offices - hel.ping to suppon local people und U1eeconomy. 'Jne EMT is committed to applying fair and transparent payment terms for iis supply chain, supporting the national Construction Supply Chain Payment Charter and Prompt Payment Code, which demonstrates its commitment to fair payment. 111cEMT strongly believes that fair and transparent on-time payment is essential to good supply chain partner relationships and the delivery of successful projects. Tn addition lo this, the Group supports several areas of its supply chain to undertake research and development. The Group is commihcd lo managing the wider social, environmental, nnd economic impacts of its operations which includes U1cway it engages ll!ld builds relationships with ilScustomers and manages sustainability. The EMT is committed to protecting the environment and making a positive contribution lo a more sustainable world through improving the environmental pcrfonn:ince of all our products and services, and.actively working to minimise our impact on climate change. The EMT has set Skanska UK's aim to be the leading green contractor and we continue to make progress against our target to operate with net-zero greenhouse gas emissions by 2045, and deliver against our overall environmental business plan. Investment in. people is a priority for the Group, offering employees (including contractors) the opportunity to develop and learn, either within their current role or in one of the cross-Skanska schemes to build networks and improve collaboration. The EMT engages with employees in a numl,er of ways U1roughoutthe year including recruitment and on-boarding platforms, Company-wide conferences, roadshows, development programmes and local communication events. During COVID-19 board and employee engagement was retained through several channels including online meetings, wellbeing surveys and live Company widc updates including Q&A sessions with the CEO. 0 Over the past few years, the EMT has taken steps to improve employee relations by launching more interactive meetings, improving financial, commercial and operational systems, expanding the range of employee bcnefils., encouraging more flexible working practices and supporting wellbeing initiatives. An employee engagement survey, 'Your Voice, Our Success' {YVOS), is carried out annually to provide every employee with. the opportunity lo give input lo improve Skanska and enable an approach for understnading strengths and development nrcas. The EMT treats the results of the YVOS survey as on important indicator of the workforce's conJideace in the Group's strategic direction. Specific feedback is requested on how employees believe the EMT arc performing and whether they arc trustworthy and capable at leading the Business. Once again, the results of this survey in 2021 demonstrated a high level of trust and belief in the EMT. Skanska 's Code of Conduct connects all parts of the Group with Skanska 's values, strengthening the business. The Code of Conduct defines how nil Skanska employees should work and internet with each other, customers and other stakeholders. New employees arc required to complete Code of Conduct training on or before their first day at Skanska, with a mandatory refresher course for all employees at two-year intervals. Skanska employees arc expected to take action, without fear of recourse, if they believe that there hns been a serious breach to the Code, for example, fraud, theft, bullying or health & safety violations. A number of methods are available for any employee lo raise any potential concerns, including anonymously via Skanska 's Code of Conduct hotline. Reports are investigated by the Ethics Commitiee and sununaries are published internally for all employees to read. The Group communicates regularly with the Trustees of its various defined bcnefitpension schemes, who arc independent of the Group. The Board of Trustees comprises individuals nominated by the pension scheme members and by the Group. These relationships are key to ensuring that the decisions made by both the Group and ihe scheme reflect the interest of all stakeholders. The Company's website (www.skanska.co.uk), intranet and social media channels provide extensive and up-to-date news on recent developments.    ·Pririi:lpaldcc,.lsion,making The Ofo_upretogmscs lbc impo~cc of engaging \Villi s_titkc~oldersto ;help inform strats;gy °'°d EMT decisioil~ln!ikihg. Rclcvnnl stnkcholdcr int.cr~sts; including ihosi: of cmpioyccs, suppliers, CUSl!iinCl'Sah~ 0Q1'erstakeholders, tiikcn l!)_IO ·accoimi by the EMT ,yben decisions ore miidi?. ((1 mnlcing Utese decisioi:is, the EMT considers tl)e ou.tco¢es of rclcvan"t stnkch()ldcr engagement as well BSthe need 10 mnint?in reputation nnd shareholder vol11c.
