   CORPORATE  GO GOVERNANCE  RE REPORT FORTHEYEARENDED31 MARCH2022 The Board is committed to maintaining high standards of corporate governance to support the delivery of the Company's strategy, positive stakeholder relationships and the creation of long-term sustainable value for the shareholders. For the year ended 31 March 2022, the Board has applied the Wates Corporate Governance Principles for Large Private Companies. Included within this section is a description of how, in practice, the Board has applied the Wates Principles and information on the activities of the Board and Board Committees. Where reference is made to disclosures elsewhere in this document, these are incorporated by reference. Directors The Directors who were in office during the year and up to the date of signing the financial statements were: Patricia Jackson Independent non-executive Director and Chair of the Board Appointed to the Board: 13 June 2017 Appointed Chair of the Board: 19 July 2019 Skills and experience Patricia has considerable experience as a non-executive director. She has chaired the risk committees of a variety of financial institutions, including Lloyd's of London, and is currently chair of the RiskCommittee of SMBCBank International. She built up the banking risk practice at EY and was head of the risk governance practice for EMEIA.At the Bank of England, she was the head of the Financial Industry and Regulation Division and represented the UK on the Basel Committee for Banking Supervision. Patricia has extensive knowledge of banking, capital markets, risk management and regulation. Other and external appointments Patricia is an Independent Non-executive Director of Handelsbanken PLCand SMBCBank International pie. Antony Yates Executive Director and Chief Executive Officer Appointed to the Board: 5 July 1995 Skills and experience Antony served as Head ofTrading before he was appointed as a Director of the Company in 1995 and has been involved in day-to-day management of the business at all levels since that time. Antony has overseen the Company's business and strategic direction, providing guidance throughout the challenges of recent years including Brexit, COVID-19 and the implementation of large-scale regulatory changes, as well as providing a strong link to other Group companies both in Europe and on a global basis, leveraging his strong relationships with Head Office and his deep knowledge of the global business. Other and external appointments Antony is appointed to the following SMBC Group companies: SMBC Derivative Products Limited (Executive Director), SMBC Capital Markets Inc (Non-executive Director), and SMBCCapital Markets Asia Limited (Executive Director). He is also an Executive Officer of SMBC.    Executive Director Appointed to the Board: 6 April 2022 Skills and experience Yukio spent his executive career in the Treasury departments of a wide range of SMBC Group entities spanning London, Tokyo, Hong Kong and New York before joining the Company in 2019 as Head of Global Markets. Other and external appointments Yukio is also appointed to the Board of SMBCDerivative Products Limited. Stephen Souchon Independent non-executive Director Appointed to the Board: 26 January 2018 Skills and experience Stephen is a Chartered Accountant with significant experience as an executive and non-executive director within the financial services sector with a strong focus in finance, regulatory reporting and audit maners. He spent his executive career in the Finance Division of Morgan Stanley and in the Financial Services audit practice of EY. Stephen chairs the Company's Audit and Remuneration Committees. Other and external appointments Stephen is the Chair of the Audit Committee and a Non-executive Director of TD Bank Europe Limited and a Non-executive Director of Aberdeen New Dawn Investment Trust pie. He is also treasurer of the registered charity Open Age. Maria Turner Independent non-executive Director Appointed to the Board: 21 January 2021 Skills and experience Maria has over 30 years' business and risk management experience in wholesale, retail, commercial and investment banking business. She is a mathematician and Chartered Accountant by background, has held senior roles in bank Executive Committees as CROand has prior Non-executive Director RiskChair experience. She has global risk management banking experience working in senior positions in top-tier US,European and Asian banks including JPMorgan, Mizuho, Santander and Nordea. Other and external appointments None    Takahiro Yazawa Appointed to the Board as Executive Director: 24 October 2014 Appointed to the Board as Non-executive Director: 4 March 2022 Skills and experience Prior to being appointed as the Company's Executive Chairman in 2016, Takahiro served as Non-executive Director representing the Company's Japanese parent, SMBC Nikko Securities Inc, and providing guidance and advice to the Board from a global stakeholder perspective. In his earlier career, he_wasinvolved in various roles relating to international business, strategic products, investment development and investor relations within the Company's direct parent, SMBCNikko Securities, and within Sumitomo Mitsui Financial Group, Inc, the Group's ultimate owner. In March 2022 Takahiro left his position as the Company's Executive Chairman and was appointed as a.Non-executive Director of the Company in order to allow him to take up a new role as the Head of the Global Planning unit within SMBC Nikko Securities, Inc.; he remains closely involved with the Company and continues to bring insights to the Board from a strategic and business perspective._ Other and external appointments • Takahiro is a Supervisory Board member of SMBC Bank EU AG. Hideo Kawafune Non-executive Director Appointed to the Board: 4 July 2018 Skills and experience Hideo is the Deputy Chief Executive Officer of SMBC Bank International pie and is an Executive Officer of SMBC.Prior to assuming this position, he was the Chief Operating Officer and responsible for corporate planning, human resources and financial reporting matters for SMBC Bl. Hideo's previous experience includes international assignments in strategic and business planning, risk management and business promotion. Other and external appointments Hideo holds the following appointments in SMBCGroup companies: SMBC Bank International pie (executive Director), JRIEurope Limited (non-executive Director) and SMBCAdvisory Services Saudi Arabia (non-executive Director). Keiichiro Nakamura Non-executive Director Appointed to the Board: 1 May 2020 Skills and experience Keiichiro is the Managing Executive Officer and Head ofEMEA Division ofSMFG and SMBC.Keiichiro is an experienced international banker having spent the majority of his career in SMBC Group's overseas offices. His past appointments include being head of Western European corporates (2012-2015) and Chief Op~rating Officer (2015-2018) for SMBC Bl. Before rejoining SMBCBl as Chief Executive Officer, he was head of planninq for SMBC Group's international banking business. Keiichiro has a deep understanding of the global banking markets, and his skills include str~tegic development, financial management and regulatory compliance. Other and external appointments Keiichiro is a Non-executive Director ofThe Japanese School Lim.ited and a Supervisory Board member of Shimano Europe B.V.He is also appointed to the following SMBC Group companies: SMBC Bank International pie (executive Director) and SMBC Bank EU AG (Supetvisory Board member).    Changes to the Board The following changes to the Board occurred in the year and after the year-end: - Hitoshi Minami resigned on 4 March 2022 as a Non-executive Director. - Takahiro Yazawa was appointed as a Non-executive Director on 4 March 2022, having previously been an executive Director. - Yukio Ishii was appointed as an Exec"utiveDirector on 6 April 2022.    The Wates Principles and how the Company applies them Principle 1 - Purpose and leadership "Aneffectiveboard developsand promotes the purposeof a company,and ensuresthat its values,strategyand culture align with that purpose." The Board has approved a Corporate Purpose Statement, which is for the Company to be 'a trusted partner for the long term'. The Board believes this Statement renects the relationship-based approach the Company adopts in carrying out its business for the benefit of its customers and all its stakeholders. The Board approves a corporate strategy annually. The strategy setting process involves consideration by the Board of high-level strategic principles, including those of SMBCGroup, a strategy discussion meeting and review, and challenge of the draft and final versions of the strategy document. The Board oversees the execution of the strategy and holds executive management to account for its delivery. Business developments, progress against the strategy and relevant SMBC Group strategic developments are considered by the Board quarterly. The Board receives regular reports on the Company's culture and associated initiatives. In addition, the BRCCundertakes a quarterly review of key risk indicators ("KRls")which are designed to measure ·any risks related to each of the Company's (ulture Statements. Where issues are identified through those KRls,management is required to explain the remedial action being taken, which is challenged as required. Developments in the business are communicated to employees.in a variety of ways including townhalls with senior executives and regular emails from SMBCGroup's EMEA Head, Keiichiro Nakamura, in which he comments on a range of topics, including strategy, Mission, culture and the impact of geopolitical and macroeconomic developments on the business and the Company's customers. In addition, the intra net site includes a range of information on matters, including business performance and project initiatives, and employees are encouraged to contribute to the content included. Information on the Company's culture and values can be found on pages 5, 6, 17 and 18. Principle 2 - Board composition "Effectiveboard compositionrequiresan effectivechair and a balanceof skills,backgrounds,experienceand knowledge,with individual directorshaving sufficientcapacity to make a valuablecontribution. Thesizeof a boardshouldbe guided by the scaleand complexityof the company." At the date of this report the Board comprised eight Directors, two Qf whom were executive and six of whom were non-executive. Three of the non-executive Directors, Patricia Jackson, Stephen Souchon and Maria Turner, are deemed to be independent in that they have no material business or other relationships with the Company that could innuence their exercise of independent judgement. Takahiro Yazawa, Keiichiro Nakamura and Hideo Kawafune are not deemed to be independent due to their relationship to other companies within SMBCGroup. The Board has appointed a separate non-executive Chair and Chief Executive to ensure there is clear division of responsibilities between the leadership of the Board and the executive leadership of the business.The Nominations Committee is responsible for assessing the composition of the Board and for making recommendations for appointments to the Board. The Nominations Committee considers the balance of skills, experience and knowledge needed to enhance the Board and support the Company in the execution of its strategy.    The Board's Diversity Policy sets out the approach for the selection and appointment of individuals to Board positions. This Policy states a target that at least 25% of the Board will be made up of women, while also ensuring an appropriate mix of skills, experiences and competencies on the Board. The Board also commits to taking positive action to source applications from Asian, Black and other Minority Ethnic candidates for Director vacancies. At the year-end, 25% of the Directors were women. A structured and tailored induction is prepared for all newly appointed members of the Board and senior management. The purpose of this is to give those individuals the information they need for them to become as effective as possible in their new role within the shortest practicable time.· Any knowledge or skill enhancements identified during a Director's regulatory application process would also be addressed through their induction programme. Ongoing education i~ provided to the Directors on significant topics. These topics are typically suggested by the Directors through Board Effectiveness Reviews, in Board or Committee meetings or in discussion with the Company Secretary. During the year, these topics have included: financial sanctions, cloud computing, sustainable finance and climate risk, and opportunities arising from new technologies. The Board Education Plan is compiled by the Company Secretariat based on the results of Board Effectiveness Reviews and details of Directors' competencies, as well as areas of regulatory focus and Director indications of interest. The list is shared with key internal stakeholders for further suggestion and is presented to the Board at the beginning of each financial year. The Nominations Committee also receives a regular update on the progress of the Plan. The Board Education Plan comprises the following categories: - Products and services including annual updates from the business. These sessions give the Directors the opportunity to speak directly with Front Office Heads and to review the achievements of the previous year and provide a foundation for Board discussions on the coming year's Budget and Business Plans. - Competencies aim. to inform Directors on control and support matters through discussions with Control and Support function Heads. - Additional education topics include areas of regulatory focus or matters of particular importance to the Company. Directors may also request education sessions on additional topics at any time, and these will be added to the Plan throughout the year to ensure that it remains relevant to the changing regulatory and market environment. Principle 3 - Director responsibilities 'The board and individual directorsshould have a clear understanding of their accountability and responsibilities.The board's policies and proceduresshould support effectivedecision-makingand independentchallenge." Roles and responsibilities The Board's governance structure ensures that it discharges it duties effectively. The roles of the Board Chair and Chief Executive Officer are clearly defined. Patricia Jackson is responsible for leading the Board while Antony Yates is responsible for the day-to-day management of the Company within the parameters of the strategy. He is supported in his management of the Company by the other executive Director and the Executive Committee, an executive forum comprising members of senior management.    The roles and responsibilities are shown below: Role Responsibilities • Chairs of the Board and Board Committees - Ensuring that meeting members operate effectively as a team. - Encouraging, facilitating and managing debate, whilst achieving closure on items. - Ensuring appropriate time is allocated for the consideration of items. - Ensuring that members have sufficient time to consider critical issues and obtain answers to questions or concerns they may have and are not faced with unrealistic deadlines or decision making. - Ensuring that the meeting receives clear, accurate and timely information. Non-executive Directors - Provision of independent judgement on all matters related to the Company's strategic direction, leadership, performance, resources, risk management and overall governance. - Independent Directors are particularly encouraged to challenge and test proposals on strategy. Executive Directors - Under the leadership of the Chief Executive Officer, responsibility for running the Company's business. - Implementing the strategies and policies approved by the Board. - Ensuring that the Board's decisions are implemented appropriately. - Executive Directors are expected to be knowledgeable on all aspects of rhe Company's business, notwithstanding any responsibility they have for a particular area of business. All Directors have accessto the Company Secretary and the General Counsel and have the right to seek independent professional advice at the Company's expense in the furtherance of their duties. Board and Committees The Board meets quarterly, and additionally when necessary. Between these meetings there is regular contact between the Executive and Non-executive Directors, which includes subject matter 'deep dives'. The Board has delegated certain responsibilities to its Committees as documented· in their terms of reference. The Board and the Audit, Risk and Compliance, Nominations and Remuneration Committees are each chaired by an Independent Non-executive Director. Further information on these Committees is shown starting from page 43. The Company has decision-making committees in place, such as the Transaction Approval Committee, which ensures that the Company's key stakeholders have input into decisions on the transactions the Company undertakes, with detailed oversight of any associated risks, reputational and ESGconsiderations, and discussions, challenges and final voting results which record the accountability and responsibility of named individuals. Conflicts of interest All Directors are required annually to complete a questionnaire through which any potential conflicts of interest are identified. In addition, the Independent Non-executive Directors are required to notify the Company in advance of them being appointed to the board of any other company in order to ensure that any potential conflicts of interest with the Company can be identified and, as necessary, managed. External audit arrangements The Audit Committee has responsibility for managing the Company's relationship with its external auditor, ensuring that the external audit is put out to tender at least as often as required. Each year, the Audit Committee reviews a letter from the external auditor setting out how, in its view, its objectivity and independence are maintained.    Principle 4 - Opportunity and risk "Aboord shouldpromote the long-termsustainablesuccessof the company by identifyingopportunitiesto createand preseNevalue and establishingoversightfor the identification and mitigation of risks." Opportunity Medium- and long-t1;rrn strategic opportunities are identified through the annual corporate strategy development process. Any expansion of the business into new areas is considered in conjunction with the Company's risk appetite and is discussed by the Board. Short-term strategic opportunities are considered by the executive management team and reported to the Board on a regular basis. In addition to business opportunities, the Board considers opportunities to improve the Company's operational efficiency and capability to deliver the strategy. Riskmanagement Processesare in place for identifying the risksto the business,assessingthe likelihood of risksmaterialising and their impact should they materialise, and assessingthe robustness of the controls that mitigate those risks.These processes are documented in the Enterprise RiskManagement Policy, which is reviewed and approved annually by the BRCCand the Board. In addition, the Executive Committee maintains close oversight of controls via a self-inspection process through the Control & Conduct Assessment Forum (CCAF),which meets monthly. Each of the Company's departments performs a self-inspection each quarter where they are responsible for performing checks on their processes and attesting that they understand and follow the Company's rules in a variety of areas covering the major risks that have been self-identified as of particular relevance to them. The res.ultsof each department's checks are presented to the CCAFmeetin_g,where control areas, including from the RiskManagement and Compliance Departments, can provide advice on the findings, and trends across various departments can be identified at an early stage and highlighted for further attention or remediated on a coordinated basis across relevant areas. In addition to the self-inspection, the CCAF offers an opportunity each month for the heads of all departments to discuss the progress of internal audit findings and to receive a comprehensive update on the Company's conduct metrics. On a periodic basis,the CCAF also receives reports examining specific internal control matters. During the year, the adequacy and appropriateness of the Company's risk management arrangements and internal control systems were reviewed regularly by the BRCCand Audit Committee. In addition to this ongoing activity, at its July 2022 meeting the Audit Committee received the results of an annual review undertaken by management on the effectiveness of the internal controls in relation to financial reporting, which is part of a wider assessment plan in place at a global Group level. On the basis of these assessments, the Board considers the Company's system of internal controls to be appropriate. The Company's system of internal controls is designed to identify, evaluate and manage, rather than eliminate, the Company's risks and can only provide reasonable and not absolute assurance against material misstatement or loss.    Principle 5 - Remuneration "A board should promote executiveremuneration structuresaligned to the sustainablelong-term successof a company, taking into accountpay and conditionselsewherein the company." The Company's approach to fixed and variable rewards is set out in a Remuneration Policy, which is approved annually by the Remuneration Committee and the Board. With limited exceptions, this Policy does not apply to employees of SMBCseconded to the Company, the remuneration of whom is governed by rules established by SMBCin Japan. It is the Company's intention that the Remuneration Policy supports the Company's long-term aims and will help deliver long-term stability and sustainability, particularly of the Company's capital base, and promote steady growth and keen risk awareness. All employees are eligible to participate in the annual performance-related bonus scheme with variable pay outcomes determined by the performance of the Company, relevant department and the employee. The Remuneration Committee has the authority to adjust the bonus pool and individual bonus payments at any stage in the annual pay review process, from the calculation and determination of the fund itself to the final distribution. When approving the levels of remuneration for Directors and senior management, the Directors consider the broader operating context of the Company. In particular, the Board and the Remuneration Committee maintain close oversight of conduct linkage to remuneration and examine figures around gender pay at all levels of the organisation. Further information on the role of the Remuneration Committee can be found on page 44. Principle 6 - Stakeholder relationships and engagement "Directorsshould foster effectivestakeholderrelationshipsaligned to the company'spurpose.Theboard is responsiblefor overseeing meaningful engagementwith stakeholders,including the workforce,and having regardto their viewswhen taking decisions." Information on the way in which the Board considers stakeholders' interests is set out in the Section 172(1) Statement in the Strategic Report on pages 11 to 14.    The Board of Directors The Board has terms of reference and a schedule of matters reserved for its attention, which set out the structure under which it manages its responsibilities and activities and discharges its authority. These documents are reviewed and approved by the Board on an annual basis. The Company's governance framework sets out a process within which decisions can be made and the strategy can be delivered. A framework of delegated authorities ensures that decisions are taken by the right people at the right level with accountability up to the Board, and enables an appropriate level of debate, challenge and support in the decision-making process. The Board is supported in its work by its Committees, each of which has terms of reference setting out its remit and decision-making powers. The principal Committees of the Board, together with their core responsibilities and respective memberships, are shown below. The Chair of each Board Committee provides a report on the Committee's activities at each Board meeting, including any matters being recommended by the Committee to the Board for approval. Membership of the Board and Committees The membership of the Board and Committees at the date of this report was as follows: Committees Narne Non-Executive Directors Board of Di,eclors Audit Norninalions Rernuner;;lion Risk and Compliance Executive Patricia Jackson Stephen Souchon Maria Turner Keiichiro Nakamura Hideo Kawafune Takahiro Yazawa Executive Directors C C M C M M M M M C M M M M M M M M M M C M M M M M M M Antony Yates Yukio Ishii C M M C - Chair of Board or Committee M - Member of Board or Committee    ing the year, the Board met five times and held a number of calls between formal meetings to discuss business developments. Board members also met executive management on a regular basis outside the formal meeting schedule. Members of the senior management team and, as appropriate, individuals from relevant business areas are invited to attend Board meetings, allowing the Board the opportunity to engage directly with the executives responsible for business and other initiatives. The principal activities undertaken in the year included: Area of focus Matters considered Strategy and business - Approving the annual budget, business plan and information technology strategy. - Approving an updated Slavery and Human Trafficking Statement. - Participating in the Annual Strategy event at which medium-term strategy and leveraging strengths across SMBC Group were discussed. - Considering changes to the business and macroeconomic environment and their impact on strategy. - Considering business performance and understanding drivers of performance. - Assessing the impact of the new Investment Firms Prudential Regime and overseeing the Company's response to the new regulatory requirements. - Reviewing the status of significant project activity. - Reviewing the business continuity and incident management arrangements. including the crisis communications plan. - Receiving reports on new products. People - Approving the appointments ofTakahiro Yazawa as Non-executive Director and Yukio Ishii as Executive Director. - Approving othe,- senior management appointments. - Considering cultural and diversity and inclusion initiatives. - Approving, based on a recommendation from the Remuneration Committee. the Remuneration Policy and Gender Pay Report. Riskmanagement. recovery and resolution - Approving, based on recommendations from the BRCC.the capital and liquidity adequacy documents and recovery and resolution documentation. - Approving the Operational Resilience Self-Assessment. Financial and accounting - Approving, based on a recommendation from the Audit Committee, the annual report and financial statements. IFPRdisclosures and UK Tax Strategy. Governance - Approving amendments to the Company's Articles of Association to reflect changes in prudential regulation impacting the terms of the Preference Shares. Board Committees The membership of the Board Committees is shown in the table on page 42. On the invitation of the respective Chairs, members of the Board and executive management also attend meetings when it is appropriate for them to do so. Further details on these arrangements are shown below.    Dur    Audit Committee Governance Financial Statements The Audit Committee is Chaired by Stephen Souchon. On the invitation of the Committee Chair, meetings are also attended by Antony Yates,Yukio Ishii, the Chief Financial Officer and the Co-Heads of the Internal Audit Department. The engagement partner of the external auditors, KPMG,also attends meetings. The Audit Committee is responsible for considering matters related to the preparation and audit of the annual report and accounts, internal financial controls, the relationship with the external auditor and taxation matters. It is also responsible for safeguarding the independence and overseeing the performance of the Audit Department and for considering the results of Internal Audit activity. The Committee is also responsible for assessing the effectiveness of. the Company's whistleblowing arrangements. Board Risk and Compliance Committee (BRCC) The BRCCis Chaired by Maria Turner. On the invitation of the Committee Chair, meetings are also attended by Antony Yates, Yukio Ishii, the Co-Heads of the Internal Audit Department, the Chief Financial Officer, the Chief RiskOfficer, the Compliance Officer and the General Counsel. The BRCCis responsible for considering the Company's risk management structure and systems, the main areas of risk faced by the Company, and regulatory engagement and compliance. The BRCCis also responsible for reviewing and recommending to the Board the Internal Capital Adequacy and Risk Assessment document and the Recovery and Resolution documents. Nominations Committee The Nominations Committee is Chaired by Patricia Jackson.On the invitation of the Committee Chair, meetings are also attended by Maria Turner, Antony Yates, Yukio Ishii, the General Counsel and Head of Human Resources. The Nominations Committee is responsible for assessing Board composition and performance and the skillsof Board members. It also leads the process of appointing new Directors and individuals in Senior Manager Function and certain other senior executive management positions. The Committee also considers the balance of skills, experience and knowledge required in order to enhance the Board and support the Company in the execution of its strategy. Remuneration Committee The Remuneration Committee is Chaired by Stephen Souchon. On the invitation of the Committee Chair, meetings are also attended by Antony Yates, Yukio Ishii, the Head of Human Resourcesand, as necessary, the Chief Risk Officer. The Remuneration Committee is responsible for overseeing the development and implementation of the Company's remuneration policies and practices, which includes specific responsibility for recommending the Remuneration Policy to the Board for approval. The Committee also considers other Board-level remuneration matters, such as approval of remuneration for Material RiskTakers and the bonus pool methodology.    Executive Committee The Executive Committee is Chaired by Antony Yates,with the other members being Yukio Ishii and members of the Company's senior management team. The Executive Committee is responsible for the supervision and management, of the Company's daily operations and for overseeing the work of the Risk Management Steering Committee and its sub-committees. The Executive Committee meets monthly and reports to the Board of Directors. The Non-executive Directors receive a copy of the papers and minutes of all Executive Committee meetings.
