   5. CORPORA TE GOVERNANCE ARRANGEMENTS SGIL is wholly owned by SG SA. The Board ensures it understands the views of its shareholder through regular interactions between SGIL Directors and senior ex~cutives of SG SA, and by prOl\')'of the Board memberships undertaken by appropriate members of the SG SA. Please also see Section 5.2 (Board Composition) below. The Directors have se!ected the Wates Corporate Governance Principles for Large Private Companies as SGIL's Corporate Governance Code (the Code). For the year ended 31 December 2021, the Board considers that it has complied in full with the provisions of the Code. Set out below is a short supporting statement summarising how each of the six principles set out in the Code has been applied to achieve better outcomes. 5.1. Purpose and Leadership ( SG's Corporate purpose, building together, with our·clients, a better and sustainable future through responsible and innovative financial solutions, is embedded within SGIL's strategy, its goals and its approach to business, ensuring the 'Company seeks value added and sustainable solutions to meet the needs of its clients, while taking into consideration the wider needs of society, its broader stakeholders and its staff. Building upon this purpose, SGiL operates an integrated and diversified model, centred around the SG's values and Leadership Model providing the basis for strong Board oversight and Executive management, which sets the tone for an innovative, inclusive, and open cultu.re within the Company. • The Board and Executive management undertake various indirect and direct approaches to stakeholder engagement to allow it to understand whether the purpose and values are embedded within the business, operations and the wider culture of the firm. These are described in in Section 6.1 of the Strategic Report. SGIL's Board Terms of Reference (ToRs) sets out the Board's leade~ship role and responsibilit,ies, consistent with the corporate purpose. The Board's main responsibilities include: • Establishing a sustainable business model for SGIL and a clear strategy consistent with that model; • Reviewing and approving SGIL's financial reporting and controls; • Exercising effective oversight of SGIL' s corporate governance, risk management and control framework; • Providing leadership within a framework of prudent and effective controls which enables risk to be assessed and managed; and • Articulating and overseeing the embedding by executive management of a culture of risk awareness and ethical behaviour that SGIL should follow in the pursuit of its business goals. The Board spent considerable time in 2021 reviewing management plans for streamlining the operating model. The Board satisfied itself that the operational risks inherent in the plans were adequately catered for and that the interests of clients were fully considered through a programme of consultation, This will continue to be an area of focus throughout 2022 as the plans are developed further. SGIL have inaintained its focus on ensuring the communication, engagement and relationship with its employees and workforce stakeholders, which was strengthened via a number of initiatives and regular interactions, during the Covid-19 period. SGIL has continued this focus in the phased return to office led via the Life@Work people engagement framework. SG is launching a further employee survey in the coming quarter to further engage its staff on this and related matters acting as a post-pandemic temperature check. The Company continues to build on the various initiatives offered as part of the Life@Work framework, which    SGIL maintains regular staff engagement via physical and virtuai town hall meetings, employee email 'communications ahd via the Company's intranet site, covering all types of issues related to the business and business performance, employee policies, events, networks, training and engagement activities. Please see Section 6.1 of the Strategic Report for further details on employee and stakeholder engagement. The Board is the ultimate sponsor of SGIL's Culture and Conduct Programme and receives regular updates from the CEO on this topic. Further oversight and monitoring is undertaken via OCR and Conduct and· Culture Dashboards which includes various KPis and indicators designed to provide insight into key conduct risk and conduct & culture. This was developed in 2021 and will be ·presented to the Board on a half yearly basis. • SGIL also has a Whistleblowing Policy which is annually reviewed and approved by the Board. John Hitchins, SGIL's Senior Independent Non-executive Director, acts as the Board's whistleblowing champion. Individuals can raise concerns via a whistleblowing electronic mailbox and John is notified each time this facility is used. An annual report is made to the Board of the number of cases raised through this toot: As outlined in Section 9.2 of the strategic report under Responsible Employer, SGIL's leadership supports a wider culture of openness and transparency by promoting a strong Speak Up culture, through creating and maintaining an environment of psychological safety which encourages staff to raise concerns. The benefits and strength of promoting this type of culture ensures that staff concerns are addressed at inception, which can work to reduce risk, and prevent issues from maturing into legitimate whistleblowing events. C_onflictsof interest between SGIL and the SGIL Board of Directors are managed as part of: • The assessment of prospective Directors; • Ongoing disclosure obligations, including outside business interests and other directorships; • A requirement to seek the Board's agreement before accepting further commitments which may give rise to a conflict; and, • • Recusal from decision making· where there is an unavoidable conflict (for example on the extension of a Director's term). Additional fitness and proprietary requirements on Board members who hold SMF under the SMCR also support the ongoing management of conflict of interests. 5.2: Board Composition Currently the composition of the SGIL Board of Directors is made up of two Independent Non-Executive Directors, two Non-Executive Directors and two Executive Directors. Michael Collins, a Non-Executive Director, acts as Chairperson of the SGIL Board of Directors. As of end of March 2021, Phillipe Robeyns was appointed as Chief Executive Ot1icer and as an Executive Director ofSGIL, replacing Christophe Lattuada who remained a Non-Executive Director ofSGIL Michael and Philippe's respective roles are clearly articulatec!in the Company's Board ToRs and their respective appointment letters. • • ' Philippe has 35 years-experience in financial services and joined Societe Generale UK in 2000. Philippe has led various.functions within Societe Generale Corporate and Investment Banking including being Global Head of Equities Operations. In 2004, Philippe transferred to SG Securities Services and headed up the Clearing Services business line offering securities clearing and outsourcing services. Prior to being appointed SGIL CEO, Philippe. has been Chief Operating Officer for the EMEA Region since 20 I 0. Board composition is regularly reviewed by the Nomination and Governance Committee, having regard to ·the appropriate combination of skills, backgrounds, diversity, experience and knowledge that promotes accountability and constructive challenge in suppo11 of effective decision-making in the context of the Companies business activities and respective needs. The effectiveness of the Board and each Board Committee is also assessed annually. Periodically these reviews are conducted by an ex'ternal advisor. During QI 2020 the Board was subject to an independent Board Effectiveness Review carried by external advisor in line with the Board's assessment responsibilities as set out in    he Board ToRs. The review did not identify any major areas of concern and concluded that the Board and its supporting processes seem to us to be well-structured and provide effective governance. However, a third-party independent reviewer highlighted recommendations, which, were accepted by the Board. ,These were. addressed with the support of the SGIL Corporate Secretariat Office, SEGL/CAO and other relevant stakeholders and SMEs within SGIL and formally closed out by the SGIL Board on 26 March 2021.. • The Board undertook ai;iannual Self-Assessment in QI 2022 to cover all its activities over the course of 2021, which also took into consideration the Board's current composition as well as time allocated, resources and. succession planning. • • The ongoing development of the Board is fostered through a Board and individual training programmes. Over the course of the 2021 the Board has undertaken th!! following training and/or presentation aimed at improving the overall knowledge and skills of the B9ard and its members, and ultimately its effectiveness: • Ongoing updates on operational resilience; • Training on IFPR; • ESG, non-financial reporting and stakeholder engagement. 5.3. Director Responsibilities The general, fiduciary and statutory duties of UK .directors are set out in The C:ompanies Act 2006, and are supplemented by the Company Articles, the Board ToRs and those of its sub-committees, the relevant letters of appointment and the regulatory expectations and guidance set out by the UK regulators, including that of the SMCR. The Board and Board Committee ToRs are reviewed at least annually, and Directors' appointment letters which are updated as required. With this in mind, the Board, Board Committees and individual Directors have a clear understanding of their accountability an~ responsibilities. • In order to discharge these duties appropriately the Directors rely on the effectiveness and appropriateness of the Company's governance structure to allow them to oversee the proper functioning of the firm and its activities while holding the Executive Management to account. The Bo,ard and its Directors are supported by the following Board level committees: • The Board Audit Committee (BAC); • The Board Risk Committee (BRC); • The Board Nomination and Governance Committee (NGC); and • The Board Remuneration Committee (RemCo). The role and responsibilities of these committees, their chairs and their members/attendees are clearly set out int the individual ToRs, ensuring that there are clear lines of accountability, with the Board retaining the responsibility for final decisions in matters specifically reserved for the Board. The responsibilities set out in the individual ToRs also align themselves with the principles of the SMCR, ensuring that SMFs retain accountability in line with their respective responsibilities, as set out in their Statement of Responsibilities. The Board ensures that• systems and controls are operating effectively by reviewing key performance and risk indicators as well as providing constructive challenge to executive management. It receives regular reports from the BAC on the work conducted by both internal and external audit. Together this allows the Board to assess the , quality and integrity of information provided to it, enabling the directors to monitor and challenge the performance· of the Company, and make informed decisions. The major risks of the Company along with their plans of actions and potential emerging risks-are reviewed on a monthly basis and formally validated during the year through the RCC and the BRC, thus integrating the ICAAP operational risk scenario identification exercise i~ a continuous process. The Board is responsible for approval of the Company's Risk Appetite Statement, material risk polices and risk tolerance statements and limits, as well as the annual AML and Compliance programmes. Additionally, an executive summary is annually submitted to the Board members before statutory accounts validation describing the internal control fra    As per the self-assessment the Chairperson is satisfied that there is an appropriate level ofeffective go,vemance, ensuring that the Board can execute its authority with independence and therefore·properly discharge its duties. The Chairperson is also satisfied that there is an adequate level of understanding across the Board collectively, and individual by both Executive and Non-Executive members, of the role, responsibilities and duties expected and required as a Director of the company.' Further information on how the Directors have discharged their duties under S.172 of the Companies Act 2006 is provided in Section 6 of the Strategic Report above: with Risk Governance set out in Section 10. 5.4. Opportunity apd Risk The SOIL BRC ensures an oversight of the risk and compliance functions and focuses on the risk managemC:ent, risk appetite, capital and liquidity ·adequacy assessment. The SOIL BAC oversees the effectiveness of the internal control framework together with the processes for budgeting, capital and liquidity planning. The SOIL Board oversees both Board Committees and promotes the long-term sustainable success of SOIL by reviewing opportunities raised by the Business Units and ensuring.the creation and preservation of value by reviewing the budget, the. strategy and the planning of scarce resources. Further information on the key r'isks and opportunities have been set out in the Strategic Report, including Section 8 and 11. • 5.5. Remuneration The SGIL SGI Remuneration Committee's main purpose is to take steps to. satisfy itself that the remuneration policy of SOIL complies with relevant financial services industry standards, its shareholder's policy globally, and regulatory requirements, including the requirement to ensure that SGIL's remuneration policies, procedures and practices (a) are consistent with and promote sound and effective ;risk management, (b) are in line with the business strategy, objectives, values and long-term interests of SOIL, (c) address broader societal factors including diversity and corporate social responsibility; and (d) fulfil all requirements under the FCA • Remuneration Code, inclusive of those relating to Material Risk Takers. The Committee ensures that the implementation of the Company.'s remuneration policies are subject to, at least annually, a central and independent internal review for compliance with the policies and procedures for remuneration adopted by the Board, and for compliance with applicable regulatory requirements. The Remuneration Committee of the Company also ensures that remuneration practices are aligned with the Company's .employee engagement strategy, which is evidenced, for example, in the Company's Gender Pay Gap reports which also highlight some of the Company's diversity initiatives. 5.6. Stakeholder Relationships and Engage~ent The Board is responsible for overseeing meaningful engagement with stakeholders, including the workforce, and having regard to their views when taking decisions. Examples of employee engagement during 2021 include: employee surveys, the promotion of einployee inclusion networks, frequent update on Covid-19 measures and • roadmap. Further information on SGII/s CSR ambitions may be found at pages 267 of the Societe Generale Group Universal Registration Document 2020.' Further information on stakeholder relationship and engagement can be found in Section 6.1 of the Strategic Report above. ' . ' • 5.7. Regulatory Capital As the business changes, the Company will continue to proactively monitor and control its ongoing capital requirements to ensure regulatory compliance with its risk appetite.
