   Statement of corporate governance arrangements During the year ended 31 August 2021 ("FY21"), under The Companies (Miscellaneous Reporting) Regulations 2018, Sodexo Limited ("the Company") has applied the Wates Corporate Governance Principles for Large Private Companies (www.wates.co.uk/whowearelcorporategovernance). The Company has a well established corporate governance framework reflecting its activities as part of a multinational organisation. The directors have set out below an explanation of how the Wates Principles have been applied during FY21. The Company is a subsidiary of Sodexo SA which has its headquarters in Paris. Sodexo's Fiscal 2021 Universal Registration Document is available on Sodexo's website (https:l/www.sodexo.com1homelfinancelpresentations-and-publicationslfinancial-results.html). Principle 1 - Purpose and leadership "An effective board develops and promotes the purpose of the Company, and ensures that its values, strategy and culture align with that purpose." Purpose The Company is the main operational corporate entity for the business activities in the UK and is a private company limited by shares. It forms part of the Sodexo S.A. Group of Companies (the "Group"), a global provider of facilities management services. The Group's purpose is communicated through its mission statement: "Improve the quality of life of our employees and those we serve, and contribute to the economic, social and environmental development of the communities, regions and countries in which we operate". The Company carries out Sodexo's mission through its provision of on site services across the UK and Ireland region. The Company partners with clients in many sectors across business and industry; schools and universities; sports and leisure; energy and resources; government including defence, justice and agencies; healthcare. A diverse range of services are provided, including food and catering, facilities management, and workplace and technical services. Strategy During FY21, the COVID-19 pandemic continued. The strategic focus centred on keeping our colleagues safe; supporting our clients and communities, and ensuring that we protected jobs where we could and took appropriate steps to protect and develop the Company's underlying operational, commercial and financial position. Our strategy was to protect and build on our corporate resilience, financial stability and unique position for the future. Principle 2 - Composition "Effective board composition requires an effective chair and a balance of skills, backgrounds, experience and knowledge, with individual directors having sufficient capacity to make a valuable contribution. The size of a board should be guided by the scale and complexity of the Company." Chair The Regional Chair leads the board and is responsible for its overall effectiveness, promoting open debate and facilitating constructive discussion. The Chair reports to the Sodexo Group and is part of the Sodexo Group Company Executive (ComEx).    The roles and responsibilities of the Chair are clearly defined and documented to ensure that there is a balance of responsibilities, accountabilities and decision making across the Company. The Chair, supported by the Company Secretary, is responsible for the leadership and effective operation of the Board, including establishing the framework and procedures to govern the work of the Board and to support Directors in the discharge of their legal and regulatory obligations. Balance, Diversity, Size and Structure The Board comprises six members: UK&I Region Chair, UK&I Chief Financial Officer, UK&I HR Director, SVP Global Government Investments & Contracts, Group Chief Financial Officer, and Group General Counsel. Board members have a diverse range of skills, expertise, backgrounds, knowledge and experience reflecting the diverse nature of the Company's business and enabling the Directors to discharge their duties and responsibilities effectively. Female representation on the Board is 33%. The Directors have equal voting rights when making decisions and the Chair has a casting vote. All Directors have access to the advice and services of the Company Secretary and may, if they wish, take professional advice at the Company's expense. Effectiveness The Company continues to review the membership, operation, and effectiveness of the Board. Directors keep their skills and knowledge up to date by attending appropriate seminars and training courses. Induction materials and briefing sessions are available to new Directors which are tailored to their specific experience and knowledge. The Company will continue to review the Board's composition in order to ensure that the Board has the appropriate mix of skills, backgrounds, independence and diversity to meet the strategic needs of the Company in the future. Principle 3 - Responsibilities "The board and individual directors should have a clear understanding of their accountability and responsibilities. The board's policies and procedures should support effective decision-making and independent challenge." Accountability The Group has in place a well-developed and embedded global operating framework which sets out Group operating rules, policies, procedures and delegations of authorities. In addition, the Company has established a UK governance framework, aligned to the global operating framework, designed to meet the Company's requirements in the UK.    Board and Executive Team The Board has delegated the day-to-day management of the Company to the UK & Ireland Regional Leadership Committee ("RLC") which is representative of the Company's diverse segment businesses and supporting functions. Each business segment in the UK&I region has its own Segment CEO and each Segment CEOs reports to either their Global Business Segment CEO or UK&I Region Chair, who are all members of the Sodexo Group ComExteam. The Board and the RLC are responsible collectively for the corporate governance of the Company. The day-to-day operational management of the Company's business, including sales & financial performance, is implemented through each business segment. The segments are supported by the functions, including finance, legal, HR, service operations, and communications, with executive oversight from the RLC and the Board. The RLC is responsible for the executive management of the Company's business. The Board promotes the purpose of the Company in the region in alignment with the Sodexo Group; ensuring that its values, strategy and culture align with that purpose; provides constructive challenge to the RLC, and oversees the stewardship and accountability of the Company in terms of financial governance and risk management. The RLC meets at least monthly and the Board operates a programme of four scheduled meetings a year, with ad hoc meetings held as and when required. In 2021, the Board met a total of four times. Minutes of decisions and actions are recorded for each meeting. Board meetings are scheduled to follow RLC meetings and the Directors have access to the same key management information. The Board and the RLC consider and oversee significant matters which carry potential financial, operational, reputation al or legal risk for the Company and which might influence the strategy and sustainable success of the Company. Agenda items include: • - Sales & Financial Performance - Risk Management & Governance (including financial statements and management representations) - Strategy, Business Planning and M&A transactions - Human Resource issues - Ethics & Compliance - Environmental Social & Governance - Service Operations - Brand, communications and position to market Specific items will also be considered at meetings depending on the circumstances - for example: the impact of the Ukraine situation, COVID-19, and Brexit on the Company, current market and competitor activity; and the progress of the annual Internal Audit Plan. Governance and management committees Given the size and complexity of the business, the Company has established a sound and proportionate governance model. This includes several empowered committees which identify, manage and report on the risks which might impact the Company and the progress of plans to address those risks. Each committee has its own terms of reference and reports ultimately to the Board. They include the following committees, (note the risk committee is explained under principle 4):    Ethics & Compliance Committee This comprises of: UK&I HR Director, UK&I Chief Financial Officer, UK&I General Counsel, UK&I Head of Internal Audit, UK&I Head of Risk & Control, and UK&I Head of Supply Management. The Committee receives, logs, considers and manages concerns raised under the Code of Ethics, Anti Bribery Policy, Gifts & Hospitality Policy and Whistleblowing Policy, including any allegations of bribery and corruption. The Committee conducts investigations, takes appropriate action, monitors and reviews incidents, training, measures trends, and reports appropriately to the Board. The Committee's minutes are submitted to each Board meeting for consideration by the Directors. Quality, Safety, Health & Environment Committee This committee is made up of representatives across the UK&I region including the HSEQ Director. The purpose of this group is to provide strategic direction on QSHE matters, to monitor performance and effectiveness of the management systems, drive continual improvement, consider the social impact of our processes underpinned by quality and a commitment to reduce injury and harm to safety and health. Control & Compliance The Company has a range of policies and processes and compliance is reviewed and reported to the UK&I Region Chair and the UK&I Region Chief Financial Officer. This is then reported to the Group Chief Financial Officer. This includes compliance with the Finance Code of Conduct and investigating any specific financial misconduct allegations (for example, fraud and the misuse of company money or assets). Internal Audit The Internal Audit team tests the Company's processes and controls. It conducts site and contract audits in accordance with an annual audit plan. Internal Audit also produces reports, recommendations and monitors the status of the remedial action plans across the Company, reporting to Sodexo Group Internal Audit. Internal Audit produces periodic updates for the Board. The activities of the Company are subject to external audit by KPMG, the Company's auditors. "Public Sector Board" The Company operates a Public Sector Board, which is a Committee. It is chaired by the Public Sector Affairs Director and its members include: UK&I Region Chair, Segment CEOs with public sector clients, Brand & Communications Director, UK&I Director of Reward, Recognition & People Services, UK&I Chief Financial Officer, Corporate Social Responsibility Director, Managing Director Scotland and a representative from the UK Government Cabinet (Office Suppliers & Markets). The purpose of this Committee is to enable the Company to facilitate greater collaboration and delivery of commitments with the UK Government.    Other committees The Company has various other forums, processes and controls to monitor and manage specific risk areas. These include: Business Continuity Committee - •forum for all matters relating to incident management, crisis management, business continuity and disaster recovery. It ensures sites are using the Business Continuity Management system and it is aligned to ISO22301. Cyber Security Committee - specific risk, mitigation and management planning for IT security risks Marketing and Service Operations Committee - coordinates the development and marketing of the Company's business services and offers in alignment with Sodexo Group. Other controls include the Company's Delegations of Authority, contract assurance processes, and segment business reviews with finance. The Board, its committees and the RLC review terms of reference to ensure that they remain fit for purpose, are adapted to promote good governance and meet the requirements of the Company as they evolve. Integrity of Information The Board receives reports on business and financial performance, key risks and opportunities, strategy, operational matters, market conditions, human resources, legal, compliance, and regulatory matters. Financial information and statements are collated by the Company·s centralised finance function from its various accounting systems, that facilitate and control the recording of all financial transactions and entries. Consistent accounting policies are applied that are aligned with IFRS (International Financial Reporting Standards) and with the Group Accounting Manual. The Company's finance function has the appropriate independence, expertise and qualifications to ensure the integrity of this information and is provided with the necessary training to keep up to date with regulatory changes. Financial information is externally audited by KPMG on a half year and full year annual basis. Financial controls, processes and records are reviewed by the Company's centralised internal audit function. Other key information is prepared by the relevant business and internal functions. Principle 4 - Opportunity and Risk "The Board should promote the long-term sustainable success of the Company by identifying opportunities to create and preserve value and establish oversight for identification and mitigation of risks." Opportunity The Board and the RLC consider on an annu.al basis the Company's strategic plan, which includes a consideration of long term strategic opportunities (for example, the acquisition of strategic business targets and the development of new services). Short term opportunities to improve business performance and achieve operational efficiencies are also considered and actioned continuously by the RLC and Sodexo S.A., with clear delegations of authority for decision making and review at Sodexo Ltd board meetings.    Risk The Company ensures effective risk management through its Risk Management Committee . The Committee comprises: UK&I Region Chair, UK&I Chief Financial Officer, UK&I General Counsel, UK&I HSEQ Director, UK&I Managing Director Service Operations, UK&I Brand & Communications Director, UK&I Head of Risk & Control, UK&I Head of Internal Audit and a CEO from a business segment on a rotational basis. The Committee keeps under review the Company's overall risk assessment processes and the effectiveness of the Company's risk management systems, ensuring that sound risk management and internal control systems are maintained. The Committee also sets the standard for ensuring the accurate and timely monitoring of large exposures and certain risk types of critical importance. The Committee tracks the significant financial, operational, reputational and legal risks of the Company using a market standard risk register and methodology (likelihood / impact and risk rating}, supported by a JCAD software tool. The Committee meets at least quarterly and receives detailed input from risk committees at the segment business level which provide periodic assurance statements. The Committee produces a quarterly update which is submitted to each Board meeting for consideration by the Directors. During FY21 and continuing from FY20, comprehensive actions were taken by the Company to manage the risks and impact of the COVID-19 pandemic through implementation of the Company's pandemic plan and regular RLC calls to monitor and manage health & safety risk, employment and employee matters, financial management and plans to manage the national lockdowns and the re opening of sites. Specific working groups were established to address supporting the national COVID-19 response, future business trading and restructuring in accordance with the Group's strategy and Global Efficiency Programme. Principle 5 - Remuneration •~ Board should promote executive remuneration structures aligned to the long-term sustainable success of a company, taking into account pay and conditions elsewhere in the Company." The Company's compensation policy is an essential lever for profitable growth. Through a balance between individual and collective recognition, long term and short term, it aims to strengthen our culture of performance. The Company's performance based reward and recognition philosophy and policies will help build a performance culture by better differentiating and rewarding individual contributions to collective success. The reward philosophy is based on four pillars: competitive salary, variable and differentiating bonus, discretionary long term incentives, relevant flexible benefits. Benefits are set up and maintained locally. Salary The Company recognises its employees' contribution and the positive behaviours that serve its clients and consumers in order to foster sustainable and profitable growth in accordance with its values. Salaries share the created collective value and are forward looking reflecting expectations and potential, and are benchmarked against a number of industry and geographical external data. Variable performance pay The Company rewards colleagues appropriately with variable performance pay that reflects collective or individual performance being met. Performance is defined and pay can be differentiated for individuals. It is timely and may be on going. Long Term Incentives The Company provides long term incentives, such as Company shares to help retain talent and recognise future leaders. These incentives link individual interests and performance to the those of the Company shareholders.    Benefits Additional Company benefits are designed to provide day to day assistance and help meet long term needs and provided across the Company, determined by local regulations and practices, and to be relevant to local employees. Compensation Framework All compensation and Reward decisions made within Sodexo UK&I should reinforce our commitment to these global key principles and must therefore rely on several compensation fundamentals: • Job Documentation & Evaluation: Each job above site level should be graded using the Group's Hay-based methodology. Evaluations will be based on written job descriptions including the most recent possible information on the scope and structure of the job, validated by the appropriate dimension HR or Group Talent team member. Salary Structures: Each country should have a confirmed set of salary ranges by grade established collaboratively by Group Reward, Country HR, and Geographic Governance. These ranges will be based on benchmark data sources that must be approved by Group Reward. Approved data sources currently include Hay Group as a primary global provider. Towers-Watson, Aon-Hewitt, and others as validated are used as secondary sources. Market alignment: Midpoints for pay structures will generally align to general industry market medians in each country. Variable Pay Guidelines: Some roles have short term performance incentives (annual incentive payments) and long term incentives (performance shares) that have target minimum and maximum levels established for each grade by Group Reward. These are set as a percentage of base pay based on combined data analysis of market practice in hub locations. There are areas of unionised groups of employees within Sodexo UK&I Principle 6 - Stakeholder Relationships and Engagement "Directors should foster effective stakeholder relationships aligned to the Company's purpose. The board is responsible for overseeing meaningful engagement with stakeholders, including the workforce, and having regard to their views when taking decisions." As well as outlining how the Company has applied Principle 6 of the Wates Corporate Governance Principles, the Company describes in this section how the directors have had regard to the matters set out in section 172(1)(a) to (f) of the Companies Act 2006. In particular, the statement below outlines how the directors have acted in a way which is most likely to promote the success of the Company for the benefit of the members as a whole and in doing so having regard for stakeholders' interests. The Board and the RLC are responsible for fostering effective relationships with all its stakeholders, including its clients, employees, suppliers, the UK Government and the wider community. We consider the key stakeholders to be as follows: Employees The Board recognises that, as an integrated facilities management service provider,its employees are key to the Company·s strength and success. The Board and the RLC is committed to ensuring: Health & Safety Ongoing support to all employees High levels of employee engagement and communications A diverse and inclusive workforce and culture.    Health & Safety The Company is committed to ensuring a safe and healthy working environment for all its employees, contractors and visitors. Through suitable and sufficient risk assessment and the creation of resulting safe systems of work, Sodexo provides employees with information, training and instruction to enable them to work safely and to protect the safety and health of those who may be affected by its activities. Compliance with legislative requirements underpins its purpose. The Company tests and challenges itself to continually improve and to engage with its people to ensure everyone has a voice and is properly informed. The Company believes that health and safety is everyone's responsibility arid through strong leadership, supervision and holding each other to account, health and safety can become a way of life that adds value and drives improved performance. Management and monitoring of performance is achieved through robust reporting, strong audit and monitoring regimes. Ongoing support to all employees Across Sodexo companies, measures were in place during the COVID-19 pandemic to look after its employees. The business, split fairly evenly across food service and facilities management meant it was able to redeploy employees when some client sites closed, to support healthcare and other government sites. For those colleagues that could not be redeployed, the Government Coronavirus Job Retention Scheme was utilised to protect jobs, skills and expertise until sites could reopen. The Company also continue to: promote 'speak', which is a confidential route for staff to raise concerns offer a free helpline where staff can seek expert advice to person and mental wellbeing topics. The Company is proud of all of its teams and their dedication and agility during the pandemic. Employee engagement Regular employee engagement surveys are conducted and results are carefully scrutinised by the RLC to identify and implement actions for improvement. The RLC monitors attrition rates, feedback from exit interviews, and absenteeism levels in an effort to identify emerging people risks, trends, and to ensure appropriate action is taken to address these. Emerging people risks and trends are highlighted to the Board together with proposed action plans. Sodexo conducted a "voice survey" in 2021 as part of its engagement programme. Colleagues' opinions are valuable to help guide strategy and business planning. The engagement score for the UK&I region under the Voice Survey was 65.5%, and globally 78.3%. In October 2019., in line with the World Mental Health Day, the Company launched the Wellbeing Matters campaign across UK&I. The objective was to promote, educate and support colleagues on a range of mental health issues over the upcoming year. New modules were added to the Wellbeing Hub to respond to the new ways of working owing to Covid-19. As at 1 September, over 6,000 colleagues had completed these modules. We strive to create an employee experience that enables our people to belong, act and thrive whilst working for Sodexo. We measure the effectiveness of our "belong, act, thrive" promise by conducting annual global employee engagement surveys* and ad-hoc surveys to address specific areas of the organisation. The data are thematically and statistically analysed to distil an action plan to address feedback solicited through the survey. A communications strategy is then tuned to deepen employee engagement by focusing on informing, engaging and inspiring colleagues to create an effective and inclusive workplace.    Diversity, Equity & Inclusion lnclusivity is a key commitment to ensure colleagues 'can bring their authentic selves to work'. "For Sodexo UK and Ireland it is a strategic priority to foster diversity, equity and inclusion across the organisation. It is not only the right thing to do, it helps drive our business performance too. We are committed to creating a workplace culture that is truly inclusive and where everyone can flourish. " Sean Haley, Region Chair Sodexo UK & Ireland Our DE&I (diversity, equity and inclusion) strategy focuses on five dimensions gender, race and ethnicity, disability, generations and gender identity and sexual orientation and gender identity. Each of these focus areas has an executive sponsor who is a member of the RLC. They play a key role at championing the agenda, driving progress and embedding accountability at a senior level. We have made a number of commitments that will support our aspirations to be a diverse and inclusive organisation across our identified four social impact pathways - people, partners, places and planet. This includes aspirational targets for the representation of women and those from under represented ethnic groups in management and senior leadership positions; commitment to closing the gender pay gap across our legal entities in the UK to 10% by 2025, and initiatives to support women in the community to drive societal change. In July 2021 we were successfully re-accredited as a Disability Confident leader, the highest level of accreditation achievable. This is testament to our long-standing programme of work to support the attraction, retention and development of disabled people into work and play our part in closing the disability employment gap. Clients The company operates a Client Lifecycle approach to monitor and manage all contracts. Client retention is the essential first step in our Focus on Growth strategic agenda that helps create sustainable growth. This is underpinned by our "Clients for Life" programme. It is imperative that we continually seek to listen, understand and meet our client's expectations throughout the client lifecycle to help ensure we never knowingly lose profitable business. Members of the RLC and our operational senior leadership team meet with our key clients at regular intervals to discuss and collaboratively agree the key strategic priorities that both organisations will invest effort and resources in that drives continuous progression of both the strategic partnership and enhances service performance that impacts on our clients, employees and visitors. Detailed client feedback touchpoints are executed by an independent and impartial team that captures client insight from a variety of client key stakeholders at various degrees of proximity to service delivery. This insight is shared across a range of key stakeholders within the Company to ensure that any decisions around service design and architecture places client objectives and needs at the heart of the decision making ..process. Progress is tracked by the board and the UK&I RLC.    Suppliers The Company manages their end to end supply chain to meet legislative requirements, mitigate risks and satisfy customer demands for supply chain transparency. All suppliers of goods and services to Sodexo are prequalified to ensure they are capable and competent to deliver the goods or carry out the work they are being contracted to supply. Vendors are assessed against Sodexo's Supplier Code of Conduct. The level of initial assessment and on going monitoring relates directly to the services/products provided or to be performed and the associated risk. Assessment of vendor suitability is carried out by professionals who are independent from the day to day operational management of the vendors they evaluate. Food suppliers are further audited by Sodexo's Health and Safety division, against our own Supplier Code of Practice. It is essential suppliers strive to meet these standards on a continuous basis as a condition of the supply agreement. Failure to meet the expected standard results in the immediate suspension of trade. If positive action is not taken to remedy the situation, the supplier will be removed from supply chain. The Company is committed to ensuring that slavery and human trafficking is not taking place in any of its supply chains or any part of its business and has in place measures to manage this risk including risk based audit process. Community Sodexo's approach to creating Social Value and measuring its impact within local communities forms an integral part of the Company's regional strategy. The Company is undergoing a comprehensive programme to fully embed and coordinate its impact on local communities and the environment. This is led by our Regional Leadership Committee. Our focus is based around four social value impact pathways: • Our People - by enabling our employees, customers and community citizens to thrive • Our Planet - by fostering a culture of environmental responsibility through protecting and enhancing our planet • Our Places - by adopting a needs-led approach to creating equity for all across our communities • Our Partners -by taking an inclusive approach to creating resilience and growth amongst our partner network Further information is set out in the Company's Social Impact Report 2020/21 [https://uk.sodexo.com/social-impact.html] Our Net Zero commitment will be delivered through the social value 'Our Planet' pathway, but will play a part across all four impact pathways. With a baseline of 2017 we met our 34% absolute reduction target, approved by the Science Based Targets initiative (SBTi), in 2021 across scopes 1, 2 and 3. By 2025 we aim to be carbon neutral for our direct operations (scopes 1&2). Followed by our near-term target to reduce greenhouse gas emissions across all three scopes by 55% by 2030 (SBTi validated). When we talk about all three scopes, we include within that every single component of our business' operations spanning our supply chain, all the way through to our client sites. By no later than 2045 we will have concluded a complete decarbonisation of the business, reducing greenhouse gas emissions by over 90% and neutralising any remaining emissions to reach net zero. Scope 1 emissions relate to those emissions that we make directly, including the fuel we use in our vehicles and the heating of our offices. Scope 2 emissions refer to the indirect emissions from the generation of purchased electricity, such as powering our offices. Scope 3 refers to all other indirect emissions that occur in our value chain, including supply chain, business travel and commuting and client sites.    Further information on our https://uk.sodexo. com/netzero. html commitment, roadmap and goals can be found at: The Company continues to alleviate hunger in local communities in the UK & Ireland through the work of its Stop Hunger Foundation and charity partners. Stop Hunger is a global initiative in Sodexo, and the Group supports over 1200 NGOs across 53 countries. The UK Stop Hunger Foundation provides relief from financial hardship and the improvement of the quality of life in socially and/or economically disadvantaged communities through the provision of grants, goods and/or services in relation to health, nutrition and wellbeing. Further information on the Company's work in this area, and the impact in local communities, is set out in the Stop Hunger Annual Report 2020: https://uk.stop-hunger.org/home/news/content-col1-area/latest-news/our-2020-annual-report.html Shareholder The Board of the Company duly considers the views of its ultimate shareholder, Sodexo SA, and the interests of the Group as a whole as part of any major decisions and transactions undertaken by the Company. The Chair, the Board and the RLC members provide the channel of communication between the Company and its shareholder. Longterm decision making The directors continue to review the Company's organisational structure, cost base, service offers, investments and other business plans to ensure all are optimal as business and the environment evolves, this includes the longer term impacts of the Covid-19 pandemic, and other major economic, governmental, social and environmental factors. Standards of business conduct The Company's Code of Ethics applies to all Directors and employees of the Company and it embodies the Group's commitment to maintaining the highest standards of ethical business conduct and integrity. The Company has implemented a Whistleblower facility whereby staff can raise issues that could be misconduct. Regular mandatory training for staff on the principles of Responsible Business Conduct is in place and completion rates are monitored. The Ethics & Compliance Committee receives, considers, and manages concerns raised under the Code of Ethics, Anti Bribery Policy, Gifts & Hospitality Policy and Whistleblower Policy (including any allegations of bribery and corruption), conducts investigations, takes appropriate action, monitors and reviews incidents and training, measures trends and reports appropriately to the Board. The Committee maintains an incident log. Sodexo shares the same ethical principles as those set out in the Modern Slavery Act, 2015. We believe in the elimination of all forms of compulsory labour and work to ensure slavery and human trafficking do not take place within any part of our business supply chain. Further details are set out in the Company's Modern Slavery Act Statement: https://uk.sodexo.com/files/live/sites/com-uk/files/Legal%20and%20Privacy/modern-slavery-report.pdf    UK Government-stakeholder management As one of the government's strategic suppliers, Sodexo has played a key role in the industry wide response to Covid 19 and has been involved from the early stages of the outbreak, providing a range of services to help fight the virus. Sodexo manages its relationship with central Government via the Markets & Suppliers team within the Cabinet Office. This provides us with a central relationship to provide oversight on all public services that we provide and the ability to work in partnership to build mutually agreed objectives to meet the needs of government. We are appointed a Crown Representative to ensure that any business issues or initiatives are reviewed within the commercial function and act as an interface with departments. Our Director of Public Sector Affairs meets regularly with Markets & Suppliers team and our Crown Representative. Within our public sector facing segments the CEOs have direct stakeholder relationships with the departments of the areas they work within. Within Sodexo we have a Public Sector Board to ensure we have a consistent approach to government policy objectives and strategic direction. Pension Trustee The Trustee are responsible for managing the Sodexo Pension Fund ('the fund') which is a defined benefit pension fund, in order to ensure that it is well governed and that all member benefits remain secure. While it is no longer open to accrual for new members, the fund still has a small number of active members and a significant number of deferred and pensioner members. Sodexo Ltd executives meet regularly with the Pension Trustee, discussing administration of the fund, governance, and both company and fund asset performance. The ongoing liabilities and assets of the fund are monitored closely and Sodexo Ltd makes payment to the fund based on agreed employee and employer contributions. The full actuarial valuation of the assets and liabilities of the fund takes place every 3 years. The April 2021 valuation is now complete and consideration was given to the DB Funding Code of Practice contained within the Pension Schemes Act 2021. Employee and employer contributions in respect of future accrual have been agreed, together with an ongoing contribution to cover fund expenses. There was also a one off funding shortfall payment made to the pension fund of £60m in January 2022, with fund liabilities now fully hedged with matching assets. Sodexo Ltd remains fully committed to the support of the Sodexo Pension Fund. Closing The Company is keen to demonstrate appropriate transparency in its work and strategy as an indication of the pride it holds in its people and the delivery of exceptional services. We believe transparency will further develop the trust that our colleagues, clients and communities have shown us during our corporate history and none more so than during this exceptional year. Auditors The auditors, KPMG LLP, will be proposed for reappointment in accordance with section 485 of the Companies Act 2006.
