   CORPORATEGOVERNANCESTATEMENT For the year ended 31 March 2022, Starling has followed the Wates Corporate Governance Principles for Large Private Companies. Further detail on how Starling has applied these principles as an appropriate framework for the Group's corporate governance practices is set out below and in the Group Strategic Report. Starling Board During the year, the composition of the Board was refreshed to ensure it continues to have an effective balance of skills, knowledge, experience and diversity to deliver on Starling's strategic objectives. All Directors have a detailed understanding of the market and regulatory framework in which Starling operates, and with varied professional backgrounds, Starling's non-executive directors bring fresh and diverse perspectives to Board review and decision-making. The skills, experience and committee membership of the Directors In office as at 31 March 2022 are summarised below. Board changes during the year, and up to the date of this report, are detailed on page 92. DavidSproul Chairman Skillsand experience:David has more than 30 years' experience in key leadership roles across the financial and professionalservicessector. He brings extensive experience of strategy, risk management, M&A and organisational and operational transformation. David served as Global Deputy Chief Executive of Deloitte following his 8 year term as Chief Exerutlve & Senior Partner of Deloitte UK and North West Europe. During this time, he led the firm's globalisation, transformation of Its market positioning to be a leading professional services firm and drove changesto create a more Inclusive rulture, focused on opportunity for all. CommitteeMemberships:David Is Chair of the Nomination Committee and a Member of the RemunerationCommittee. Appointed:June 2021 TracyClarke SeniorIndependentDirector CarolynClarke IndependentNon-Executive Director Skills and experience: Tracy brings Skllls and experience:Carolyn is an considerable international banking and expert In the fields of risk, assurance, financial servicesexperienceto the Board, control, compliance and conduct. She following a 3S-year career with Standard has held a number of senior executive Chartered Bank,where she held a portfolio and Board positions, Including most of leadership, compliance, HR, corporate recently as Head of Audit, Risk and affairs, brand and marketing positions, Control at Centrica pie, and prior to culminating in the role of CEO,Europeand that, a 20 year career at PwC.Carolyn Americasand Global CEO,Private Banking. specialises In the Impact of people, She Is a director of TP ICAPpie, sits on the behaviours and culture on Board of EnglandNetball and Acln Ltd, and organisational risks and outcomes. is chair of SchoolOnline,an online learning Carolyn Is a member of the Councilof platform. Tracy is also a director designate the Chartered Institute of Internal of Haleon pie, a consumer healthcare Auditors. company. CommitteeMemberships:Tracy is Chair of the Remuneration Committee and a Member of the Nomination Committee and the RiskCommittee. Appointed:May 2021 CommitteeMemberships:Carolyn Is Chair of both the Audit Committee and the Ethics and Sustainable BusinessCommittee and a Member of the RiskCommittee.    Ian Jenkins IndependentNon-Executive Director Marian Martin IndependentNon-ExecutiveDirector LazaroCampos Non-ExecutiveDirector Skills and experience:With over 35 Skills and experience:Marian is a Chartered years' experience, Ian has held a range accountant with a background in risk of Chief Financial Officer, Chief Risk management. As an executive she was lately Officer and Chief Operating Officer roles Oilef Risk Officer of Virgin Money during a within banking and financial services, period of significant growth and strategic Including at Diem Networks, HSBC, development, Including the company's listing Santander and Credit Suisse. He is a on the London Stock Exchange. In addition to Chartered Accountant and brings varied her role at Starling Bank, she Is also a non-finance, risk, operations and strategy executive director and chair of the Board risk expertise to the Board. committee of castle Trust. Committee Membenhlps: Ian Is a Member of the Audit Committee and the RiskCommittee. CommitteeMemberships:Marian Is Chair of the RiskCommittee and a Member of the Audit Committee, the Nomination Committee and the Ethics and Sustainable Business Committee. Appointed:October 2021 Appointed:June Z019 AnneBodenMBE ChiefExecutiveOfficer ExecutiveDirector Marcus Traill Non-ExecutiveDirector Skills and experience: Anne founded Starling Bank in 2014 after a distinguished global career in financial services. Her previous roles include Oiief Operating Officer of Allied Irish Banks,Head of EMEA, Global Transaction Banking, for RBS and Executive Vice President Europe, Transaction Banking, for ABN AMRO. A computer scientist by training, Anne is a Fellow of the RoyalOiartered Institute of IT and Joined the Prime Minister's Business Council and the Mayor of London's Business Advisory Board in February 2022. She was awarded an MBE for services to financial technology in 2018. Skllls and experience: Marcus began his career as an analyst at Bank of New Zealand and Owens Group prior to Joining the McPlke Global Family Office (MGFO) and QuantRes. He co-led the Private Investments division of the MGFO,played key roles In the trading of various quantitative strategies for QuantResand was responsible for managing the operations of the group. Marcus Is also a partner at Altered capital, a venture capital and private equity fund manager. Committee Memberships:Marcus is a Member of the RiskCommittee, the Audit Committee and the Remuneration Committee. Committee Memberships:Anne Is Chair of the ExecutiveCommittee. Appointed:December2015 Appointed:June 2014 Skillsandexperience:Lazarois a FinTech investor and entrepreneur with more than 30 years' experience in global finance. Until 2012, he served as Chief Executive Officer of SWIFT, the global banking network, where he led its re-positioning as a commerciallydriven, innovative and customer centric cooperative. Lazaro is also co-founder of FlnTechStage, which specialises in Innovative ecosystem builds for global financial services organisations. CommitteeMemberships:LazaroIs a Member of the Remuneration Committee and the Nomination Committee. Appointed:June 2018 TonyEllingham ChiefFinancialOfficer ExecutiveDirector Skillsand experience:Tony Joined Starling In 2015 and managesthe Group's financial operations and strategy. He is responsible for the overall financial management of the Bank, its treasury and reporting. Prior to Starling, Tony was at Lloyds BankingGroup where he was Finance, Risk & Operations Director of Group Corporate Treasury and Divisional Risk Officer for Finance; previously he held Chief Financial Officer roles at EIIB,Gulf International Bank and Schroder Private Banking. Committee Memberships: Tony Member of the ExecutiveCommittee. Appointed:August 2016    The charts below show the balance of the Board and composition of the Board by gender diversity (as at 31 March 2022). Compositionof the Board Board Gender Diversity Foll\ilkl Role of the Board The Board is the principal decision-making body for all significant matters affecting the Group and is accountable to shareholders for creating and delivering long-term sustainable value. Having regard to the interests of all stakeholders, the Directors drive informed, collaborative and accountable decision-making and provide constructive challenge, advice and support to the Executive team. The Board is responsible for promoting the highest standards of corporate governance and ensuring Starling has the necessary resources, processes, controls and culture in place to deliver on Its values, strategic objectives, promote long-term sustainable growth and provide maximum protection for consumers. BoardResponslbllltles A clear division of responsibilities exists between the roles of the Chairman and the CEO. It is the responsibility of the Chairman to lead and manage the work of the Board. Responsibility for the Group's executive leadership and day-to-day management of the Group's business Is delegated to the CEO.The CEO is supported In her role by the Executive. The Senior Independent Director acts as an experienced sounding board for the Chairman and a trusted intermediary for other Board members. CompanySecretary The Directors have access to the advice and services of the Company Secretary who is responsible for ensuring that Board procedures and applicable rules are observed. Supported by the Starllng Secretariat, the Company Secretary works closely with the Chairman, the CEO,the chairs of the Board Committees and members of the Executive to set meeting agendas and ensure the timely presentation of high-quality Information to the Board and its committees. Directors have the authority to propose items for discussion at Board meetings. BoardActivities In order to discharge its duties effectively, the Board meets monthly. Additional meetings are held as required. At the Board's request, members of the Executive attend Board meetings to provide updates and insights on specific discussion items. This facilitates non-executive directors' engagement with the Executive and drives constructive challenge to senior management thinking. During the year ended 31 March 2022, the Board's key activities included: • Completing a successful Series D funding round in June 2021 from new and existing shareholders; • Acquiring Fleet Mortgages Limited, a specialist buy-to-let lender, in July 2021; • Debating, agreeing and Implementing the Group's strategic priorities for 2022, including evaluating targeted M&A opportunities and monitoring progress against key milestones; • Inviting members of the Executive to deliver deep-dive presentations on matters considered key to the long-term sustainable successof the Group; • Approving the Bank's annual budget, Group business plan, ICAAP,ILAAP,recovery plan and solvent wind down plan as well as the consolidated financial statements for the period ended 31 March 2021; • Appointing a new Senior Independent Director and four new non-executive directors, including the appointment of David Sproul as the Bank's non-executive Chairman in June 2021;    reviewing key performance indicators including financial performance, organic lending, strategic forward flow portfolio performance and capital forecasting; • monitoring the ongoing delivery of CIFproduct commitments and assurance reporting; and • implementing regular updates on the Bank's risk management framework and capabilities, 2LOD assurance workstreams, regulatory developments, technology and product, people and resourcing, customer experience and consumer protections. Section 172(1) Statement The following information sets outthe Group's Section 172(1) Statement and how the Directors have had regard to those matters. At the core of the Starling's value system is a belief in transparency, fairness and inclusion and this means actively listening. Starling's key stakeholders are Its people, customers, suppliers, communities, shareholders and regulatory bodies. In order to promote the long-term success of the Bank, the Board recognises the importance of engaging with these groups to help inform Its strategy and decision-making. As part of every Board agenda, Section 172(1) Statement obligations are set out as a helpful reminder of the Directors' duties. During the year, a new approach to Board and Board Committee papers was introduced, with greater focus on ensuring relevant stakeholder Interests are clearly articulated. Meaningful engagement is dynamic and the Board will continue to review and challenge how it can continue to improve on its engagement with customers, employees and other key stakeholders. OURSTAKEHOLDER  AN AND BOARDENGAGEMENT Keystakeholders People Starling is committed to providing a workplace culture that reflects our values of fairness, equity, Inclusion, compassion and non-discrimination and adopts a best practice approach with regard to employee engagement. Board decisions are taken with due regard to employee interests. During the year, processes were Implemented to better measure employee engagement and enhance understanding of the Bank's workplace culture from an employee's perspective. Acknowledging the powerful message of employee share ownership, the Board also amended the rules of the Bank's LTIP scheme during the year, to enable LTIP awards to be granted to a wider population of eligible employees. Further details of these awards and the Bank's employee share schemes are set out in note 28 to the Financial Statements. By holding Its 2021 Strategy Day In Southampton, Directors were able to visit a regional office and engage with local employees. Further, virtual employee Q&A sessionsare held weekly with regular speakers including the CEO,the Chairman and other Board members. Employees are encouraged to submit questions for these sessions (Including anonymously), responsesto which are shared across the organisation. The Chief People Officer ("CPO") regularly presents to the Board and Board Ethics & Sustainable Business Committee on headcount, attrition, employee tenure and the Bank's gender and ethnicity profile. Starling Is an equal opportunities employer and ensures fair and full consideration of applications for employment from people with disabilities. Starling provides appropriate and relevant support, including any adaptations required so that employees with disabilities can fully participate in the workplace and In their careers.    Customersand Suppliers Starlinggrew out of a desire to create a new kind of Bankand to make banking more lndusive by putting customer needs first. Starling has won numerous banking awards, Includingbeing voted the BestCurrent Account Providerfive yearsIn a row. Beingrecognisedby our customers makesus very proud. At the core of the Bank'svalue systemIs a belief In transparency,fairness andInclusionand this meansactivelylisteningto customers.TheBoardreceivesregularupdates on consumerprotection and customersafeguardingInitiativesand is ultimately responsiblefor ensuring the Bank has appropriate resources, processesand controls In place to protect customers from financial crime. The Board also receives monthly reporting on customer complaintvolumes and processing. Starling Is committed to developing businessrelationships with high quality suppliers and partners who themselves are committed to operating under ethical and environmental standardsequivalentto the Bank'sown, IncludingIn the fair treatment of customers,employees and other stakeholders.On the recommendationof the B.oardRiskCommittee,key outsourcing decisionsare made by the Boardand the materiality of the Bank'soutsourcingrelationshipsIs regularly monitored. Maintaining high standardsof businessconduct Is key to Starlingand we publicly report on our payment practicesand performance. Communitiesand Environment The Boardrecognisesthe Importance of understandinghow the Bank'sbusinessImpactsthe . communities we serve and of contributing to the community through volunteering and charitablegiving.The Bankalsoencouragesemployeesto volunteer within the community and offers two days' paid leave per year to do so. The Board has established an Ethics & SustainableBusinessCommittee which overseesthe Impact of the Bank'soperations on the community and environment and reports to the Board on the Bank'sethics, environmentaland societalresponsibilities.Starlinghasalso establisheda CommunityAdvisory Group to support socialmobility, financial education and environmental matters.Thisreports to the Ethics& SustainableBusinessCommitteeand, ultl~ately, the Board of Directors. Further Information on how we engllge with the environment is set out In the section called Environmental,Socialand GovernanceReviewon page88. Shareholders Starlingvaluesthe trust, confidenceand viewsof all of Its Investors.Significantshareholdersare representedon the Boardand/or are entitled to nominate an observerto attend and speakat Boardmeetings.Our Investorsare important partnersandthey offer guidanceto the Boardand Executiveon a rangeof matters. RegulatoryBodies StarlingBankLimited is authorisedby the PRAand regulatedby the FCAand the PRA.The Board and the Executivemaintain strong,open andtransparent relationshipswith regulators,allowing the Boardto ensure the Bank'sstrategic alms align with the requirements of these Important stakeholdersand those of our customers.    GovernanceStructureChart Board of Starling Audit Comrnitt.. II Risk CommlttH' I I Exlc:udve Committee II Remuneratloo COmmittte I I ·-·-] ] -· E1111CS&SUo11ineble Commlttto ASle1 & liablli1y Committee [ ExecutiveRisk Committee Oporatlonal Ria._ ~ -~~~~--Credit Risk Comminee Financial Crime St~ng Impairment Commltt~ Producl & Conduct Co,nmlttee Third Petty Credll & Forward flow Commlttco WhOletale Credn IU,k CommlttH Com~nee Committee cyti.,41i:lonn:itl0fl S.C.,lr,,Rl;l. ,orrmtle-t BoardCommittees To ensure it maintains an appropriate level of oversight, the Board has delegated certain roles and responsibilities to its five principal committees: Audit, Risk, Remuneration, Nomination and Ethics and Sustainable Business. The Board conducts an annual review of the terms of reference and membership of each of these committees, which consist primarily of independent non-executive directors. Each committee Chair is responsible for updating the Board on outcomes and actions arising from Board Committee meetings. The key areas of responsibility of each Board Committee are summarised below: BoardCommittee KeyResponslbllltles Audit Committee Ensuring effective governance of the Group's financial reporting, including monitoring the integrity, clarity and completeness of financial disclosures, reporting on significant financial reporting issues and judgements and reviewing and approving changes to Group accounting policies. overseeing the implementation and effectiveness of the Group's Internal and external audit functions (including their programmes of work) and reviewing the adequacy and effectiveness of the Bank's operational controls In mitigating risk, through an independent assurance lens. Risk Committee Recommending appropriate risk appetite and tolerances to the Boardand overseeing effective risk management across the organisation. Ensuring the Bank's risk policies, frameworks, capabilities and controls are recognised and embedded, and reflected in a robust and supportive risk culture. Ensuring the Group's principal risks (Including key and emerging risks) are properly identified, assessedand mitigated on an ongoing basis. Remuneration Committee Overseeing the Group's remuneration system design and ensuring remuneration is appropriate and consistent with the Bank's culture, long-term business and risk appetite, corporate governance principles for banks, performances and control environment as well as with applicable legal and regulatory requirements. 86    Nomination Committee Reviewing the structure, size, composition, skills, knowledge, experience and diversity of the Board and ensuring formal, rigorous and transparent procedures exist for the appointment of new directors. In conjunction with the Board, givingfull consideration to orderly succession planning for directors (executive and non-executive) and other senior management roles below Board level. Ethics & Sustainable BusinessCommittee Providing oversight and advice to the Board in relation to current and potential future risk exposures of the Bank arising from its ethics, environmental and societal responsibilities. ExecutiveCommittees Starling's Executive Committee structure aligns t9 best practice and regulatory requirements for an organisation of its size. Executive responsibilities and processes are designed to ensure proper and effective management and oversight of Starling's affairs. Governance policies and Executive Committees' terms of reference are reviewed annually in accordance with the demands of the business, changing regulation and emerging best practice. For further details of the role of the Executive Committee and its sub-committees please refer to the Risk Management section on page 25. BoardEffectiveness To allow all new Directors to fully embed in the Board's annual work cycle, the Board will undertake an external review of its effectiveness and the effectiveness of Its principal committees in Summer 2022, the results of which will be reported on next year. DirectorInductions Based on their background, knowledge and skill set, all new Directors receive a comprehensive and tailored Induction following appointment to the Board. Through a combination of technical briefings and Introductory meetings, the Board induction programme is designed to broaden Directors' understanding of the Group's business operations, strategic priorities, people, culture and customers. New Directors are invited to provide feedback on the programme they receive to ensure it is useful and well targeted. Trainingand Development All Directors receive ongoing training and development to enhance their roles as Board and Board Committee members. Starling's non-executive directors engage fully in this process. Throughout the year, the Directors are kept apprised of their legal and regulatory duties. They participate in strategic deep-dive discussions with the Executive and receive detailed briefings from external advisors on new and emerging regulatory, legislative and market developments. Independence During the year, the Board reviewed the independence of its non-executive directors, taking account the nature of their external appointments; the market value of Company shareholdings, any potential conflicts of interest and length of service. Aside from Marcus Traill and Lazaro Campos (who are appointed by a Company investor), the Board has determined that all non-executive directors (including the Chairman) are independent in character and judgement, particularly in their thinking and challenge of management. To minimise potential conflicts, all Directors are required to inform the Chairman of any updates or changes to their external roles, including an indication of the expected time commitment for any new external role to assesswhether the Director will continue to have sufficient time to adequately discharge their duties as a Director. Conflictsof Interest The Board has procedures in place for the disclosure of conflicts of interest. The Directors are aware of their responsibility to avoid a situation whereby they have an actual or potential conflict of interest and the requirement to Inform the Chairman, the CEOand the Company Secretary of any change in their situation. A procedure is in place for the Board to authorise conflict situations, should they arise, in accordance with the Companies Act and the Bank's articles of association. Board members are screened for conflicts of interest and relationships with companies that do not meet Starling's values and ethics. The Company Secretary is responsible for keeping appropriate records, including the scope of any authorisations granted by the Board. The Board undertakes an annual review of conflict authorisations.
