   Business review Within this Strategic Report, we will be using the Wates Principles Framework to summarise and demonstrate robust and decisive governance within the Group. The six Wates Principles are: - Purpose; - Board Composition; - Director Responsibilities; - Opportunities and Risks; - Remuneration; and - Stakeholder Relationship and Engagement. Suffolk Group Holdings Limited (the Group) is a holding company comprising facilities management specialist Vertas Group Limited, Concertus Design and Property Consultants Limited, which offers professional property advice and consultancy services and Opus People Solutions Group Limited, which provides recruitment and supply of temporary workers. Suffolk Group Holdings uses the 'Vertas Group' trading name. Suffolk Group Holdings Limited is 100% owned by Suffolk County County Council and our business is built on a very strong public sector pedigree, providing best value solutions using core values that underpin our business. The Group defines its Purpose as 'Making the difference' through the multiple provision of sustainable, high quality, innovative projects and service solutions for our People, our Customers, our Partners, our Planet, and our Stakeholders. The Group's Mission is to 'support our clients' new and existing environments by delivering sustainable and agile solutions which make the difference to our Customers, our wider Communities, and our Planet, all delivered expertly by our People, who are at the heart of everything we do. We transparently manage all risks and continuously develop strategic business plans to ensure long term, sustainable growth. The Chair of Suffolk Group Holdings also chairs each of the principal trading subsidiary boards. The Chair takes responsibility for the Board and liaison with the shareholder. The Board of Directors have the strategic skills to provide clear and concise direction and include representation from the shareholder, Suffolk County Council. In terms of shareholder governance, Suffolk Group Holdings reports into Suffolk County Council on a quarterly basis. These reports include company business plans, performance updates and strategic risks and opportunities. The Directors of Suffolk Group Holdings also attend other stakeholder forums such as the audit and risk committee, scrutiny committee and political group briefings as and when required. The Board of Directors and senior leaders are equipped with the skills to manage the daily operational outputs and have the skills to provide clear and concise direction. Further to a recent periodic review of our governance arrangements, we have implemented a new board meeting cycle to ensure appropriate time is allocated to assurance and strategic planning. We have also taken the opportunity to establish an Audit and Risk Committee with responsibility for providing assurance to the Board on matters such as risk, audit and compliance. The Audit and Risk Committee is Chaired by a Board Member, Robert Coyle, and has three other members who are independent from the Board.
