   Corporate Governance    Overview Good governance and risk management are core to our business achieving its objectives. Our business model integrates best practice in these areas and is the blueprint to achieving our vision as a Group to lead the future of world trade. The Corporate Governance Report has been structured to align with the principles set out in the Corporate Governance Best Practice Standards as detailed in The Companies (Miscellaneous Reporting) Regulations 2018 (the Regulations). It sets out the actions that we have taken in 2021 to implement these practices Corporate governance framework The Group adopts the corporate governance framework of the Holding Company (DP World Limited). A detailed Corporate Governance Report of DP .World Limited as reported in its 2021 Annual Report can be accessed at https://www.dpwortd.com/investors/financials-and-Presentations/financial-reports/annual-reports. At POSNCo level, the Board is at the center of our Corporate Governance Framework. It works closely with and is aligned with each of the committees formed by the Group's Holding Company, DP World Limited. The principal DP World Limited Committees include the Remuneration, Audit and Risk, and Nominations and Governance Committees, with formally delegated duties and responsibilities and written terms of reference. From time to time,· the Board may set up additional committees to consider specific issues when the need arises. Reports on the activities of the principal DP World Limited Committees and their terms of reference are available on the DP World Limited website, www.dpworld.com. The Deputy Group General Counsel & Company Secretary provides support as the secretary for the principal DP Wortd Limited Committees. The Board considers that the Corporate Governance Framework, which is aligned with that of its Holding Company, DP World Limited, promotes the prudent and sound management of the Company in the long-term interest of the Company and its shareholders and is effective in promoting compliance with the Corporate Governance principles. • The Group's compliance with six principles enshrined in Wates Corporate Governance Principles is described as below: - • 1. Purpose and Leadership A balanced Board with the necessary skills, knowledge and industry experience to lead our Group is key to achieving our strategic objectives and long-term goals. The Board remains committed to effectively leading the Company, ensuring that our business is managed prudently and soundly to drive sustained long-term value for our shareholders. The balance of skills and expertise on our Board will allow us to continue creating value as we expand our horizons and lead the future of world trade. 2. Board composition The directors of the Company who held office during the year and to the date of this report were as follows: Mohammad Alhashimy R.A. Al Qahtani John Woollacott (appointed on 25 November 2021) Mantraraj Dipak Budhdev (resigned on 25 November 2021) 3. Director's responsibilities • The Board is responsible for overseeing the management of the Company and approves all its major decisions. Subject to the provisions of the Companies Act 2006, the Articles of Association (the 'Articles') and to directions given by special resolution of the Company, the Board may exercise all the powers of the Company, whether relating to the management of the business or not. The Board meets as and when required for the dispatch of business, or for the purpose of discharging its duties, or at such other times as the Board shall require and is instrumental in planning the medium- and long-term strategy of the Company. Board resolutions are passed by a simple majority of Directors present at a meeting or unanimously in writing. Matters reserved for consideration by the Board are key matters which include setting the strategic objectives of the Group, declaring dividends, approving major transactions, setting the annual budget for the Group, approving safety and environment policies, insurance, risk management and internal controls. Holding company's (DP World) Board sets out the guidelines for reserved matters, which are cascaded to the Group.    he Board held a total of three meetings during 2021. The table below show the number of meetings individual Directors could have attended in 2021, and their actual attendance. Name of the Director Attendance No. of Meetinas Mohammad Al Hashimv 3 3 Rashed Ali Hassan Abdulla 1 3 John Woollacott 0 0 Mantrarai Dipak Budhdev 2 2 4. Opportunities and risk As the Board, we are ultimately responsible for aligning with the Group's risk appetite and its willingness to accept certain risks in pursuit of achieving the Group's strategic objectives. The Board is also responsible for maintaining appropriate risk management and internal control systems. The Audit and Risk Committee at the Group's Holding Company level assists the DP World Limited Board in discharging its responsibilities with regards to financial reporting, external and internal audits, internal controls and risk management. Audit and Risk Committee is supported by Enterprise Risk Management Committee, which assists the DP World Limited Board in fulfilling its oversight responsibilities in relation to the Principal Risks faced by the Group. This in turn forms the basis on which the Company's Board discharges its own duties. During 2021, we continued to ensure POSNCo's alignment with the Group's principal risks that could have material effects on our business, financial condition and reputation. The principal risks and our approach to managing them are discussed on pages 3 to 9 of the Strategic Report. 5. Remuneration The Remuneration Committee formed at Parent Group (DP World Group) level assists the DP World Limited Board in determining the framework and broad policy for the remuneration of the executive directors and other members of senior management. The Board is then responsible for ensuring that this framework is adopted as necessary by the Company. The reward policy for Executive Directors and senior management (Executive Committee and other experienced managers) is guided by the following key principles: Business strategy support: aligned with our business strategy with focus on both short-term goals and the creation of long-term value ensuring alignment to shareholders' interests; Competitive pay: ensures competitiveness against our target market; Fair pay: ensures consistent, equitable and fair treatment within the organisation; and Performance-related pay: linked to performance targets via short- and long-term incentive plans and the pay review process. • 6. Stakeholders relationship and engagement At POSNCo, we are committed to conducting our business in the ways which are responsible and sustainable, in economic, social and environmental terms. Consistent delivery on this commitment demands effective policies and processes of engagement with the full range of stakeholders who influence, and are impacted by, our business operations. By 'engagement' we mean the two-way dialogue which enables us to listen and respond to stakeholder views and concerns on issues which are important to them. The central goal of our stakeholder engagement strategy and related activities is to generate and maintain a positive climate of stakeholder opinion and interaction, based on a sense of involvement and a shared belief in mutually beneficial outcomes.
