   Corporategovernancestatement The Premier League Board is committed to excellent governance standards, which are central to the effective running of the Company and the fo11owinginfonnation outlines its governance principles. As reported last year, the Company has undertaken a full governance review using specialist external input. This review was completed in June 2021 but further consultation has led to the recommendations being presented to Clubs in November 202I. The Company is now working towards implementing recommendations from that review, including the adoption of the Wates Principles. The Wates Principles are voluntary and provide a framework for the Premier League Board to monitor corporate governance <?fthe C9mpany and determine where ·govemance standards can be , raised to a higher level across .the business. the Board believes this, in tµm, will result in better engagement with the Company's stakeholder base and ultimately build trust with the clubs, employees, pa11ners and supporters. The governance framework will also provide the right environment for the Board to make high quality and resilient decisions for the !ong-te1msuccess of the :i're.~ier League'. The Board has again sought below to transpose our existing govemance arrangements into the six Wates Principles to best demonsh·ate our cu1rent good governance practices. • Principle One: Purpo~e and leadership The Board, supporte~ by the Executive Leadership Team ("EL T''), is responsible for pro~10tingthe Company's strategy and puq>ose- to stage the world's most competitive and compelling football, engaging fans, communities and partners across the globe. The Company's policies and procedures are conHnually reviewed against desired behaviours and culture as well as values, which are embedded in the performance inanagement processes, The Board meets at least JOlimes a year and th~r~ are five formal General Meetings of Shareholders. Where required ad hoc meetings are an-anged with regular dialogue on competition an~ business matte!"..$ Regular dialogue also takes place with the workforce ll!rough companywide briefings and email communication, .and with wider stakeholders through meetings and working groups to ens1,1rethat the objectives of the Company are clearly communicated. Principle Two: Board composition The Board comprises the Chairman, ChiefExecutiv~ and three Independent Non-Executive Directors ("INEDs"); with two of those INEDs appointed in October 2021, offering a variety of skills and experience both in the football industry and the wider corporate environment. • Appointments to the Board follow a fonnal process via the Norn inations Committee and require constitutional approval from the 20 Shareholder clubs and the Football Association as a special shareholder. The INEDs are appointed for a thn:e-year tenn and may be re-elected. The Shareholder _approvalprocess for Board Members is similar to that of key or material business decisions where the Board makes recommendations to the Shareholders, who have the ultimate responsibility for decision making. Recommendations of a material financial nature will reach Shareholders via consultation wi(h the Audit and Finance Committee ("A&F") which is fonned ofrepresentatives from two Shareholder clubs and two INEOs. Principle Three: Director responsibilities The :Soard of Directors hold discretion, rights and powers, outlined in the publicly available Premier League Rules. The Board js assis~ed in the day to day running of the Company by the ELT, made up of senior employees representing each depa,tment in the business and which provides the Board with regular reports on business, financial perfonnance and management of key business risks. Formal Board meetings take place at least IO times per year, with regular communication between Board members. INBDs provide constructive challenge to the Board's and the ELT's process of arriving at recommendations for Shareholdets and in decision-making on matters where Shareholder approval is not required.    Principle Four: Opportunity and risk The Company has a·strategy to deliver on its purpose as described at Principle One which has clements of short, medium and long-tern1objectives. The Company's strategic plan also identifies the key risks to the business which is regularly reviewed by the Board and presented at least annually to the A&F. • The Board continues to revi~w the appropriateness and feasibility of its strategy to ensure it remains relevant in a forever chang~ngenviro~ment of football. The Board continues to investigate a wide range of opportunities with the assistance of the ELT and external strategy consult,mts to determine the medium to long-tenn goals of the Company. Principle Five: Remuneration The Board will evaluate performance of executive members of the business and where appropriate, propose its recommendations to the Re1nuneration Committee for approval. Remuneration is consi~ered as part of the annual budget process which is approved by the Remuneration Committee and Shareholders. The Board continues to evaluate the feasibility of a long-tenn incentive plan to promote the sustainable success of the Company. r·rinclple Six: Stakeholder relationship and engagement The Company has a wide range of stakeholders including other football organisations, commercial partners, football supporters and the Government. Regular engagement with all stakeholders through meetings, focus groups, worl~ing groups and committees enables the Board to make considered decisions for the business whilst u11~erstandingthe wider impact on all stakeholders. Fomial funding and cooperation a_greementsare in place with several foQtbilHorganisations which are generally negotiated every three years and periodically reviewed. Commercial agreeme,nts will set oµt cl~~r objectives expected from the partnership between the Company and the commercial partner. Regular meetings with the commercial partners to discuss progl'ess and the latest issues and opportuniti~ affecting the twp parties will be discussed. A dedicated inhouse team works closely with supporter liaison officers at clubs to ensure football supporters interests are monitored and maintained. Regular communication and meetings with members ofparliament and the Department of Culture, Media and Sport ensure the Government is abreast of the Company and the in4ustry's developments. Internally, the Board holds regular briefings with all staff on the latest matters and developments to promote inclusion and knowledge sharing.
