   CORPORATEGOVERNANCESTATEMENT In July 2018, the Financial Reporting Council published its new UK Corporate governance Code (the "code"). The governance of the Company, which includes the company, operates in accordance with the overall governance structure which is described in this report. The Board is committed to ensuring business integrity and high ethical values with appropriate corporate responsibility and professionalism. The Company has applied the Wates Corporate Principles for Large Private Companies (published by the FRCin December 2018 {the "principles"). Set out below are details on how the principles were applied during the financial year: Principle 1- Purpose & Leadership The Directors have a duty to promote the success of the company, which brings responsibilities to a range of stakeholders. This responsibility is reflected in our Values - "we are about our People, our Guests, our Investors and our Impact on Society". Given the first year of trading there has been significant debate, reflection & alignment on what success looks like and how the Board and Management can drive purpose and leadership. This has also required extensive dialogue with our team, our suppliers and our investors to share & cascade our purpose and to build & maintain positive relationships. Long term sustainable value is dependent on the successof all stakeholders. Supporting our values and driving culture also requires encouraging positive mindset and behaviors. We encourage each team member to "give the best of me, for the best of us" by our identified behavior's, which include respect everyone, develop others, do less-better, challenge others & make work fun. In turn we recognize the importance of feedback from our teams, which includes employee . surveys, workplace engagement, exit interviews and other opportunities for sharing of views and information. Equally important in driving purpose & leadership is to provide appropriate frameworks that support and protect our stakeholders. This includes embedding appropriate practices and policies around critical areas, which include but are not limited to employment, risk management, health & safety, whistle-blowing and anti-bribery & corruption. Principle 2- Board Composition The Board of the company comprises two directors. The size and structure of the Board is appropriate to meet the strategic needs and challenges of the company. The Board members have extensive experience in managing businesses. The combination of skills, background, experience, and knowledge enables robust thinking and constructive challenge, providing effective decision making for the company. Principle 3 - Director Responsibilities Each Board member has an understanding on Director accountability and responsibilities. All directors make declarations about any potential conflicts of interest at Board meetings. The Directors receive regular and timely information to allow them to undertake review and proper evaluation and to appropriately prepare for meetings.    Principle 4 - Opportunity & Risk The Board is accountable for ensuring that the company's focus on long term success is supported by strategic decision making and effective risk management. Where required the Company will utilise the service of third parties to support risk management, particularly in specialist areas. Principle 5 - Remuneration The Directors recognises the importance of attracting and retaining high calibre directors and senior management and provide salary, benefits, and equity opportunities to align remuneration with both short and long-term deliverables of the company. Individual annual pay reviews are underta~en for salaried roles, which are performance based and benchmarked, where appropriate, against relevant external roles. The pay and conditions of the wider workforce are considered by Management and the Board to ensure that we provide appropriate levels of pay, benefits and incentives to motivate and retain our teams. Principle 6 - Stakeholders The Board recognises the importance of stakeholder relationships that include, but which are not limited to, our team, our guests, our investors, our suppliers, and the wider community. Refer to the s.172 Statement Relationships & Engagement. in the Strategic Report for further background on Stakeholder This report was approved by the board and signed on its behalf by:
