   STATEMENT OF CORPORATE GOVERNANCE ARRANGEMENTS For this financial year the company has been fully compliant with the provisions set out in the December 2018 Wates Corporate Governance Principles for Large Private Companies issued by the Financial Reporting Council. These Principles are to provide a framework for ensuring the company is well managed and aligned behind a clear purpose. Purpose and Leadership Purpose The company is a wholly owned subsidiary of Timpson Holdings Limited. The Board ensures that the company operates with a clear sense of purpose and is responsible for preserving long-term sustainability of the company whilst generating value for the shareholders. Leadership Being an honP5t and open comµa11y encourages communication and provides a clear sense of purpose for colleagues and stakeholders. the both Strategy The strategy and business model agreed at Board meetings is effectively communicated across the whole company via various network channels. This ensures that the message can be delivered to all of our colleagues on a personal level and opens up the chance for dialogue and questions. It is important that all of our colleagues understand the course the business is taking and why decisions have been made if they are to be able to work together to promote the strategy and preserve the long-tenn sustainable success. Values and Culture Our culture is very important to us and we believe that embedding the company's values, attitudes and beliefs has helped our company become what it is today. The business is run using Upside Down Management which puts our colleagues who serve the customers in our branches as the most important people in our business. The Managing Director, James Timpson, periodically travels around the country delivering a Roadshow for all of our colleagues with the aim of reinforcing the culture and ensuring it is being effectively implemented. Our business is run very much on the principle of kindness over profit which has served us well in the past and continues to do so. If we can tnake a customer smile; then we will. Further information on Culture can be found in the s I 72(b) report on page 6. Board Compositio" The company is managed by an effective Board who bring a wide range of skills, knowledge and experience which enables to each member to contribute towards a constructive and open discussion. The Chairman, Sir John Timpson, ensures that important matters get addressed and decisions are reached which will benefit the long-term profitability of the company. James Timpson, CEO, proposes the strategy for consideration by the Board and is responsible for the deliverance of that strategy. Diversity and structure As at 25 September 2021 the board comprised 3 executive and I non-executive director who have been selected to provide a balance of skills, knowledge and experience in order to support delivery of the company strategy. The appointments have been made on the understanding that each individual member has sufficient capacity to make a valuable contribution. Effectiveness The effectiveness of the decisions made by the board can be monitored using the results and performance of the company, the financial position and whether the cultural values are still being upheld by the colleagues. Director responsibilities Board meetings The Board held six meetings during the year. Regular items on the agenda include financial position, progress against set objectives, capital expenditure, health & safety, strategic direction and compliance. Regular informal meetings and information circulations also take place between the Chairman and the board members outside of the board meetings to ensure they are kept up to date with any material developments.    Accountability The board ensures that everybody is aware of the lines of accountability and their responsibility towards effective decision making by leading by example and setting clear, accessible, simple policies. supporting Integrity of infonnation The board approves all formal and informal internal processes to ensure that all information presented is accurate, complete and in line with expectations which enables the board to make informed decisions in a timely manner. This infonnation includes, but is not limited to, monthly management and branch accounts, daily cash emails, colleague data and sales comparisons. The Board papers are issued ahead of the board meetings to give the members time to read them, process them and know what is expected of them. Opportunity and Risk Opportunity To create and preserve long term value the Board is always considering new opportunities that would work well with our existing model and fit with our culture. To this end we are growing our vending business and we are planning on opening more pods in supermarket carparks as this has proven to be a very successful model for us. Covid has also highlighted the increased need for online shopping from people spending more time at home. We are therefore developing our digital footprint to make our services more accessible to more people. Risk The Board considers the risk of cyber threat to be high given consumer's recent reliance on technology and the shift towards online activity brought about by COVID-19. Cyber crime can happen easily and quickly with massive detrimental impact on cash and the ability to trade. To combat this risk the business is investing heavily in back up data centres and in-house resources to implement IT security products. Our colleagues are encouraged to be vigilant and remain aware to minimise the risk of exposure. Stakeholder Relationships and Engagement External impacts As a large company we have a responsibility to create and sustain long-term value for our shareholders whilst also monitoring any social, economic and environmental impacts. Our carbon footprint is covered in more detail in the SECR on page 13. Stakeholders The Board takes the views of all of its stakeholders into account when making decisions. The opinions of customers, suppliers, colleagues, the wider community and the impacts on the environment are important when determining the strategic direction of the company.
