   Contents Corporate governance and committee structure Directors’ report Statement of Directors’ responsibilities 48 57 59 47    Corporate governance and committee structure Effective corporate governance provides assurance that the operations of the Group are successfully managed in the interests of the shareholder and other key stakeholders. The Board provides strong leadership within a framework of prudent and effective controls. The Board is responsible for setting risk appetite, and for overseeing the delivery of the Group’s objectives within that risk appetite. Board of Directors The current Board members are as follows: The Board meets a minimum of six times during the year. Board meetings are an important forum for directors to discharge their duties under s.172 of the Companies Act 2006. The following section provides an overview of the activities of the Board and committees during the year. The Board continues to voluntarily adopt the Wates Principles for Large Private Companies. Information on how the Wates Principles have been applied can be found in the Corporate Governance Statement. Company Secretary The Company Secretary is responsible for advising the Board on all governance related matters. All directors have access to the advice and services of the Company Secretary. Joined Together Mike McTighe Wayne Bowser Joe Shaoul Henry Moser Gerald Grimes Pete Ball Marc Goldberg Gary Beckett Marcus Golby Non-Executive Director and Chair Non-Executive Director Non-Executive Director Group CEO Group CEO Designate Personal Finance CEO Commercial Finance CEO Group MD and Chief Treasury Officer Group Chief Operating Officer November 2010 December 2015 April 1997 September 1974 April 2020 August 2016 April 1989 May 1994 January 2016    Mike McTighe Non-Executive Director and Chair Mike was appointed Chair in 2010. Mike brings significant experience to the Board having held a number of Senior Executive positions at globally recognised companies such as General Electric, Motorola and Philips. Over more than 20 years, Mike has been a non-executive director and in many cases chairman of over 20 public and private companies around the world. Additionally, he was on the board of the UK Communications Sector Regulator, Ofcom, for eight years and was awarded the Grant Thornton UK Chairman of the Year award in 2010. Mike is currently the non-executive chairman of IG Group Holdings plc, Arran Isle Ltd, and Openreach Ltd, the heavily regulated, structurally separate arm of BT Group plc to which he was appointed as inaugural chairman in January 2017. Mike is also the Chair of the Remuneration and Nomination committee and is also a member of the Audit and Risk committees. Wayne Bowser Non-Executive Director and Chair of Audit and Risk Committees Wayne joined Together in 2015 as a Non-Executive Director and Chair of the Audit and Risk committees. Wayne has over 20 years of executive management experience including Deputy Head of commercial banking at HSBC and has held non-executive directorships at various leading firms in sectors including house building, motor dealership and private equity investments. Wayne is also a member of the Remuneration and Nomination committee. Joe Shaoul Non-Executive Director Joe has been a Non-Executive Director on our Board since 1997, besides bringing continuity to the Board membership, he also brings significant experience having held a number of directorships and consultancy positions. These roles have included chairman of Atlantic House Fund Management, acting as a consultant to CB Richards Ellis and for Svenska Handelsbanken, and as a partner at a large Manchester based law firm for many years. Joe was also a non-executive director of Bridge Insurance Brokers Limited and UK Land & Property Limited. Joe is also a member of all the Group Board committees. Henry Moser Chief Executive Officer Henry founded Together in 1974 and has overseen the success of the Company for more than 47 years. He has taken the lead in the recruitment of an experienced Executive team to support him with the operational management of the business, including the appointment of Gerald Grimes as CEO Designate, to work with him on the strategic direction of the business. As Together’s founder, he has helped foster the people-first approach that defines the business ethos. Gerald Grimes Group CEO Designate Gerald joined Together in April 2020 as Group CEO designate, and was appointed to the Board in May 2020. Gerald has over 30 years of financial services experience having held senior executive and consultancy roles in a number of organisations including Barclays, GE Capital, The Funding Corporation, Hitachi Credit and most recently PCF Bank. In addition, he has, until recently, served as a board director of the Financial Leasing Association (previously chairman), as a member of the Bank of England Advisory Board, and has an advisory role with the FCA Small Business Practitioner Board. Pete Ball Personal Finance CEO Pete joined together in 2016 as the Chief Executive Officer of the Personal Finance division. Pete has over 25 years’ experience working within the financial services sector having previously served as CEO of Harrods Bank and as commercial director of Virgin Money. As Chief Executive Officer of the Personal Finance division, Pete oversees the Group’s regulated lending activity and is accountable for the application of the Senior Managers and Certification Regime for the Group’s regulated entities. Marc Goldberg CEO of Commercial Finance Marc has been with the Company for more than 30 years and was appointed to the Board in 2001. As Chief Executive Officer of the Commercial Finance division since March 2016, Marc oversees all aspects of the commercial business model and lending activity and is renowned for his commercial acumen and his commitment to the industry. Gary Beckett Group Managing Director and Chief Treasury Officer Gary, a chartered accountant, joined the Company in 1994 and was appointed to the Board in 2000, he was appointed Group Chief Financial Officer in 2001. Gary assumed the role of Managing Director and Chief Treasury Officer in 2018 to assist the Chief Executive Officer in helping to drive the strategy for the business and promote effective collaboration across the Group, whilst continuing to play a leading role in the Treasury function. Gary has over 27 years’ experience managing finance and treasury functions and, prior to joining Together, he worked at a national accountancy practice. Marcus Golby Group Chief Operating Officer Marcus joined Together in 2015 and oversees a number of Group functions with responsibilities including innovation, change delivery including modernisation and transformation, IT and data management. Having qualified with PwC as a chartered accountant, Marcus has over 20 years’ experience in the financial services sector with companies such as HSBC, first direct and M&S Bank.    Corporate governance and committee structure o The Board Sets the Group’s strategic aims, the cultural tone from the top and provides entrepreneurial leadership for the Group The Board The Board approves the Group’s Vision and Purpose and promotes the cultural tone from the top. The Board is collectively responsible for the success of the Group and demonstrates strong and entrepreneurial leadership through an effective Board and committee structure. The Board discharges some of its responsibilities directly and delegates other matters to its committees and to senior management as appropriate. The powers delegated to each committee are set out in their terms of reference and are reviewed on an annual basis. Board agendas are agreed in advance by the relevant Chair, CEO and the Company Secretary and are structured around the Group’s objectives to enable the Board to discuss and challenge the Group’s performance against its strategic aims. The Group CRO is a standing attendee at Board meetings to provide second line oversight. The chairs of the committees formally report to the Board after each meeting on key issues and topics raised at those meetings, as well as any recommendations for the Board’s approval, ensuring that the Board as a whole is updated on the matters for which it delegates authority. Further details on the activities of the Board and committees during the year can be found in the Corporate Governance Statement. The Operating Review section introduces the Group’s two divisions, Personal Finance and Commercial Finance. The Commercial Finance division is comprised of companies which conduct unregulated lending. This year, following a review of the division’s governance arrangements an operational management board was established to oversee the operations of the Commercial Finance division. The Board is supported by the CF Executive Committee and the Commercial CEO formally reports on its activities to the Group Board after each meeting. Oversight of the division’s strategy, risk profile and financial position is provided by the Group Board. The companies which comprise the Personal Finance division are authorised and regulated by the Financial Conduct Authority (FCA) and this division is responsible for all FCA regulated activities across the Group. The Personal Finance Division has enhanced corporate governance arrangements in place with a Board committee structure which operates independently from the Group and provides oversight of regulatory compliance, including the oversight of compliance with the Senior Managers and Certification Regime (SM&CR). The Personal Finance Board is comprised of three independent non-executive directors, one shareholder nominated non-executive director, and two executive directors; the PF CEO and PF Finance Director. The PF CEO and shareholder nominated director both sit on the Group Board and the PF CEO reports to the Board on the activities of the division at each meeting. More information on the independent governance of the PF division can be found in the Together Personal Finance Limited Annual Report and Accounts.    Board activity In addition to the ongoing oversight activities performed by the Board, the following key topics and principal decisions were discussed and assessed by the Board during the year: • Setting the strategic direction of the Group and considering the infrastructure and governance required to support the requirements of the Group and the changes to those requirements during the Covid-19 pandemic including additional support to colleagues and customers; • Approval of the Group’s Purpose and Vision and discussion of the Group’s ESG credentials and future requirements; • Oversight of the Group’s culture, including consideration of colleague engagement, the investment in training and development for colleagues and monitoring the culture and performance against the Group’s strategic aims; • Oversight of colleague wellbeing and health and safety; • Capital structure, liquidity, fundraising activities and dividends, including actions required to meet the changing market conditions as a result of the Covid-19 pandemic; • Approval of entry into, amendment or extension of certain debt funding agreements; • Ongoing review of the appropriateness of the organisational and governance structures to support the Group’s activities; • Regular updates from the Executive Directors on performance against objectives and review of financial performance against targets; • Changes in the legal and regulatory landscape; • The programme of change activity and prioritisation of key strategic and regulatory projects including oversight of the Group’s modernisation and transformation programme; • Approval of the Group’s risk appetite and risk management framework; • Approval of the Group annual budgets and review of interim reforecasts; • Review and approval of Group policies and seeking assurance over the internal control framework which has been implemented to monitor compliance; • Cyber resilience, information security and data management including compliance with the General Data Protection Regulation; • Key contracts and expenditure outside of the Executive Directors’ delegated authority; and • Approval of the Group Annual Report and Accounts. Further details on the activities of the Board and committees during the year can be found in the Corporate Governance Statement.    Corporate governance and committee structure Risk Committee Remuneration and Nomination Committee The Risk Committee operates under delegated authority from the Board on matters of risk management and internal controls. It has responsibility for oversight and advice to the Board on the current risk exposures to and future risk strategy of the Group; for ensuring that proper control systems are in place; for allowing the appropriate consideration and assessment of current and future risk; and for ensuring that management develop appropriate policies and strategies to secure the long-term sustainability of the business. It is responsible for embedding and maintaining a supportive culture in relation to risk management. It is also responsible for providing assurance to the Board that the processes for risk management and internal control are adequate and effective. The Remuneration and Nomination Committee operates under delegated authority from the Board on matters of remuneration, recruitment of directors and senior management and succession planning. It is also responsible for assessing the balance of skills, experience and knowledge of the Board to ensure that it remains appropriate. The Committee has responsibility for deciding the Pay and Reward Policy for the Executive Directors and the senior management and for setting their individual remuneration it is also responsible for approving remuneration budgets and all colleague incentive schemes. The Remuneration and Nomination Committee meets a minimum of three times a year. During the year, the Committee discussed the importance of diversity and inclusion and approved the approach to developing a new diversity and inclusion strategy for the Group. More information on our diversity and inclusion strategy can be found in the Environment & Society Report. The Committee recognises the importance of having sound succession plans in place and during the year, had oversight of activities in respect of succession planning for senior positions, business critical roles, and subject matter experts. The Risk Committee meets a minimum of four times a year. Reporting directly into the Committee with its own delegated powers and responsibilities, is the Executive Risk Committee which is supported by other committees, including the Asset and Liability Committee and the Operational, Conduct, and Compliance Risk Committee. During the year, the Committee reviewed the Group’s enterprise risk management framework and approved a revised review cycle for each of the Group’s ERMF policies to improve the efficiency of the end-to-end review process. The Committee also approved the implementation of an annual policy attestation process requiring policy owners to provide assurance that policies remained up to date. In March, the Committee approved changes to the approach to pay and reward to ensure it remained appropriate for the Group. More information on this can be found in the Corporate Governance Statement. Disclosure Committee The Disclosure Committee operates under delegated authority from the Board to review and approve public disclosures concerning the Group and to consider matters brought to its attention which would likely give rise to an obligation to make a market announcement in accordance with applicable market abuse regulations. It is the Group’s policy that all public disclosures made by the Group should be accurate and complete, fairly represent the Group’s financial position, and be made on a timely basis as required by applicable laws and securities exchange requirements. The Committee continued to monitor how the Covid-19 pandemic has impacted upon the macro environment and assess the impact of external factors upon the Group’s exposure to certain risk types. In July 2020, the Committee approved a number of temporary changes to the Group’s internal risk metrics to ensure they reflected the impact of Covid-19 upon the Group’s risk profile in the short-term and that appropriate action to mitigate risk was taken where necessary. These have continued to be monitored by the Committee throughout the course of the year. Additional Covid-19 reporting has also been developed, allowing the Committee to monitor the Group’s management of people risk in response to the Covid-19 pandemic. During the year, the Committee approved a number of external announcements including in relation to funding transactions, changes to Board membership, and financial results. continued Dividend Committee During the year, the Board established and delegated authority to a Dividend Committee to consider, and if thought fit, approve the payment of dividends and recommend to the Board the payment of final dividends taking into account the financial position of the Company and the Group as well as other relevant matters. Audit Committee The Audit Committee operates under delegated authority from the Board on matters of financial reporting, financial controls, the Internal Audit function and the external auditors. It is responsible for the oversight of the reporting of the Group’s financial information and the effectiveness of its internal controls and risk management. It is also responsible for the Group’s Internal Audit function and the relationship with the External Auditor. The committee meets a minimum of four times a year. The external auditor was invited to each meeting; the Chair of the Committee also met with the lead audit partner outside the formal meeting process throughout the year. In February, the Committee discussed the outcome of an Auditor effectiveness assessment which had been undertaken following Ernst & Young LLP’s first full year as external auditor. The exercise took into consideration feedback from individual committee members and key management on what had gone well during the first audit, and where improvements and efficiencies could be identified. The output of the exercise was a set of actions agreed with Ernst & Young LLP to be implemented for the 2021 year end audit. During the year, the Committee undertook its annual review of the Group Whistleblowing policy to ensure that the process in place for colleagues to raise concerns about misconduct and unethical practices remained effective. The Chair of the Audit Committee continues to be the Group Whistleblowing Champion. During the year, the Committee has also continued to consider the impact of the Covid-19 pandemic and the associated effect upon the Group’s financial reporting. This has included continued specific consideration of the impact on the economic outlook and the Group’s judgements, assumptions and disclosures relating to expected credit losses, and the impact of mortgage-payment holiday deferrals; the Group’s going concern    assessment and the quality and detail of the associated disclosures; and describing the actions taken by the Group to adapt to new ways of working and to control costs. Corporate governance statement For the year ended 30 June 2021, Together Financial Services Limited (“the Company”) voluntarily adopted the Wates Corporate Governance Principles for Large Private Companies as a measure of good practice for the governance of large private companies. The Wates Principles are to be adopted on an ‘apply and explain’ basis, and provide suggested guidance as to how companies might achieve each of the respective principles. The Board sets the overall governance framework for the Group. The framework is structured to enable the directors of all entities within the Group to have the necessary tools to make the key principal decisions crucial for creating long-term value, whilst meeting stakeholder expectations, and legal and regulatory requirements.    Principle How the principle has been applied during the year Principle 1 –purpose and leadership An effective board develops and promotes the purpose of a company, and ensures that its values, strategy and culture align with that purpose. • The Board sets the Group’s objectives, taking into account key stakeholders and ensures that the necessary experience, skills and resources are in place to help our customers, partners, colleagues, community, and our wider society realise their ambitions by making finance work. More information on the Group’s strategy can be found in the Strategic Review. • In June, the Board approved the revised Purpose and Vision for the Group. The work builds on the Group’s existing success and will support the achievement of the Group’s future ambitions both for Together and for its stakeholders. More information on the revised Purpose can be found in the Strategic Review. • This year, the performance management process was enhanced to include a requirement for colleague objectives to be linked to the Group’s objectives to create a clear golden thread of alignment between colleague performance and individual contribution to the achievement of the Group’s strategic aims. • The Board recognises the importance of having a diverse and inclusive culture at Together and the part it plays in helping the Group to achieve its future ambitions. During the year, the Remuneration & Nomination Committee endorsed the revised approach to developing a new diversity and inclusion strategy for the Group. More information on this can be found in the Environment & Society Report. Principle 2 –board composition Effective board composition requires an effective chair and a balance of skills, backgrounds, experience and knowledge, with individual directors having sufficient capacity to make a valuable contribution. The size of a board should be guided by the scale and complexity of the company. • The Chair leads the Board and facilitates open debate and constructive discussion whilst ensuring that the Executive Directors receive appropriate challenge. The role of the Chair and CEO is not exercised by the same individual. • The Board has a wealth of knowledge relevant to the specialist lending sector and the Board benefits from three non-executive directors who provide challenge and bring a range of knowledge and expertise from both the financial services sector and elsewhere. In January, the Remuneration and Nomination Committee discussed the Board’s composition and independence and agreed that it remained appropriate for the Group. The Committee committed to formally reviewing the Board’s composition on an annual basis to ensure that it continues to have the appropriate skills and experience to support the Group in achieving its future strategic objectives. • The approval of directors taking external appointments is a matter reserved for the Remuneration and Nomination Committee. This ensures that directors continue to have sufficient capacity to make a valuable contribution to the Group and that there are no material conflicts. • In August, the Remuneration and Nomination Committee approved the appointment of Chris Adams as Interim Group Finance Director to replace John Lowe who stepped down from the Board in September. Chris was previously Group Financial Controller and Group Head of Financial Reporting and brings to the role strong accounting and financial services experience and understanding of the Group’s financial function, financial risk management and the Group’s governance arrangements. Chris is a standing attendee at all Board meetings. • In accordance with Directors’ duties under s.177 and s.182 of the Companies Act 2006, directors are asked at each meeting to declare any interests which may give rise a conflict. Interests are logged by the Company Secretary and directors absent themselves from discussions for which they are conflicted as appropriate. During the year, the Group Conflicts of Interest Policy was reviewed and updated with the output of an external benchmarking exercise to ensure that processes continued to reflect the Group’s ethical and regulatory responsibilities in regards to colleague interests including those of the Board. Principle 3 –directors’ responsibilities The board and individual directors should have a clear understanding of their accountability and responsibilities. The board’s policies and procedures should support effective decision making and independent challenge. • The Company Secretary works with the chairs to ensure that agendas are structured to facilitate appropriate discussion and challenge. Board and committee agendas are structured in line with objectives to focus discussions on the key business deliverables required to support the achievement of longer term goals alongside operational updates. • The Board and committees receive information in a timely manner via a secure Board portal to maintain confidentiality. • All Board and committee actions are monitored and tracked to completion to ensure that, alongside comprehensive and accurate minutes, a complete record of decision making is maintained. • Reporting of management information on key governance activity is provided to each Board meeting by the Company Secretary via a governance dashboard. The dashboard provides a clear view of how the circulation of packs and minutes are tracking against agreed SLAs. The Company Secretary and Chairs use this information to monitor activities and ensure that governance processes continue to facilitate effective decision making and adhere to best practice. • During the year, the Company Secretary undertook a review of the Group’s governance framework. The review was requested by the Group and divisional Chairs and CEOs to understand whether the governance structure continued to be the most appropriate and effective for the size, structure and complexity of the Group. The review concluded that whilst the structure remained appropriate and effective, a further review was recommended to identify improvements to enhance the efficiency of the existing framework.    Principle How the principle has been applied during the year Principle 4 –opportunity and risk A board should promote the long-term sustainable success of the company by identifying opportunities to create and preserve value, and establishing oversight for the identification and mitigation of risks. • During the year, the Group’s strategic priorities have been reconsidered in light of the post Covid-19 pandemic macroeconomic climate. More information on the Group’s strategy can be found in the Strategic Review. • The Risk Committee operates under delegated authority from the Board on matters of risk management and internal controls. More information on the Committee’s activities can be found in the Corporate Governance and Committee Structure section. • The Group enterprise risk management framework provides a formalised structure for the risk management of the Group. The Board reviews and approves the risk appetite statements and associated limits and early warning triggers on an annual basis or more frequently if required. More information on the principal risks and uncertainties facing the business and risk management framework can be found in the Risk Management Section. • The Group continues to focus on the transformation and modernisation of key business processes and the benefits of efficiencies achieved through automation are regularly reported to the Board through a suite of operational KPIs. More information on this work can be found in the Operating Review. In April, a deep dive session was held for the Board to provide technical information on proposals for material IT infrastructure changes, the aim of the session was to ensure that the Board had opportunity to understand the risks as well as the benefits associated with proposals prior to approval being sought at a special Board meeting. During this session, the Board sought assurance that the customer experience would not be disrupted by the proposed infrastructure works and that the appropriate second and third line assurance would be undertaken throughout the project. The Board will provide ongoing oversight of the infrastructure changes through the provision of updates from Group COO at scheduled Board meetings until project completion. • Treasury and financial risk updates are standing items on the Board agenda to ensure that the Board remains informed on the funding and liquidity position of the Group. Updates are comprehensive and agendas are structured to allow time for detailed discussion. In June 2020, the Board approved a Short-Term Liability Strategy for the Group outlining the key deliverables to protect the Group’s financial position and mitigate liquidity and funding risk for 2020/21. Individual transaction proposals are brought back to the Board to consider their risks and benefits with appropriate input from both internal SMEs and external advisors prior to approval. • In response to reduced origination levels as a result of Covid-19, in July the Board provided support to the Blemain Finance Limited (BFL) Board, as employing entity for the Group, for the difficult decision to approve the launch of a colleague consultation process on proposals to reduce colleague numbers across the Group. The proposed revised operating structure reflected the anticipated future levels of lending activity at that time and took into consideration expected efficiencies due to the introduction of new technologies. As part of the approval, the BFL Board sought confirmation that responsibilities to customers would be maintained, that the right resource would be in place to achieve the Group’s transformation and modernisation ambitions, and that SM&CR obligations within the regulated division had been taken into consideration. More information on how colleagues were engaged during this process can be found in the Stakeholder Engagement Report.    Corporate governance and committee structure continued Principle How the principle has been applied during the year Principle 5 –remuneration A board should promote executive remuneration structures aligned to the long-term sustainable success of a company, taking into account pay and conditions elsewhere in the company. • The Board delegates authority to its Remuneration and Nomination Committee. More information on the activities of the Committee can be found in the Corporate Governance and Committee Structure Section. • In March, the Remuneration and Nomination Committee approved a new approach to pay and reward following feedback from the Executive team, people managers and colleagues from across the Group. The changes included more discretion for managers to decide the appropriate level of performance related bonus payments within an agreed range and a flat salary increase for eligible colleagues in line with economic conditions and Company performance. During the year, the Group also commenced an external benchmarking exercise to ensure all colleague salaries continued to be in line with market expectations. Principle 6 –stakeholder relationships and engagement Directors should foster effective stakeholder relationships aligned to the company’s purpose. The board is responsible for overseeing meaningful engagement with stakeholders, including the workforce, and having regard to their views when taking decisions. • More information on stakeholder engagement and employee engagement, including engagement during the Covid-19 pandemic can be found in the Stakeholder Engagement Report. • During the year, Board and committee reporting was enhanced with the introduction of a revised executive summary. The new format clearly and concisely highlights the key elements of a report, including which stakeholders the reader should consider in their decision making. More information on how the Board has taken stakeholder requirements into consideration when making key decisions can be found within the Section 172 Statement. • In May, the Board approved a revised Purpose and Vision for the Group. As part of the development of the Future Vision, workshops were held with colleagues from around the business in order that colleague feedback could be fed into proposals; the output of the workshops were presented to the Board. The Board recognises the importance of ensuring that the Group’s strategy has colleague support and provides a future for Together that colleagues want to play their part in. More information on the Future Vision can be found in the Strategic Review. • This year, the Board appointed Liz Blythe, Non-Executive Director of our Personal Finance Board, as Group Diversity Champion. Liz was involved in discussions about the Group’s new diversity and inclusion strategy from inception, and will continue to engage with colleagues, senior leadership, and the Boards about ways in which diversity and inclusion can be encouraged and fostered at Together.    The Wates Principles Purpose and leadership Board composition Director responsibilities Opportunity and risk Remuneration Stakeholder relationships and engagement
