   Corporate Governance For the year ended 31 December 2021, under the Companies (Miscellaneous Reporting) Regulations 2018, the Company has applied the Wates Corporate Governance Principles for Large Private Companies ("the Wates principles"). The key area of development during the year was the appointment of a new Chairman of the Board and the permanent appointment of a Chief Executive Officer as we begin to leave the challenges of the covid pandemic. The Wates principles and how Travelodge has applied these are given below: Principle How has Travelodge applied it Principle One: Purpose and Leadership An effective board develops and promotes the purpose of a company, and ensures that its values, strategy and culture align with that purpose. At Travelodge, our purpose is to provide affordable travel for everyone, offering our customers the best balance of location, price and quality to suit their travel needs. Our strategy is to make Travelodge better for our key stakeholders - customers, colleagues and investors, and for the future, underpinned by our new Better Future sustainability strategy. Travelodge's purpose and behaviours were initially set out in 2013, under the Board's direction, to guide the organisation's strategy, decisions, processes and culture. We continued our communication during 2021 through quarterly leadership events, remotely where necessary due to Covid-19, as well as through more regular senior leadership calls, support centre, regional and district meetings. The strategy was further updated in 2021 and communicated to the teams at our 2022 annual conference, which was held as virtually in January. Principle How has Travelodge applied it Principle Two: Board Composition Effective board composition requires an effective chair and a balance of skills, backgrounds, experience and knowledge, with individual directors having sufficient capacity to make a valuable contribution. The size of a board should be guided by the scale and complexity of the company. The Group has a separate Chairman and Chief Executive to ensure that the balance of responsibilities, accountabilities and decision making across the Group are effectively maintained. The Chairman plays a pivotal role in creating the conditions for overall Board and individual director effectiveness. On 25 March 2021, Martin Robinson was appointed as Chairman of the Travelodge Board. On 7 May 2021 Craig Bonnar the interim Chief Executive was appointed as the Group's permanent Chief Executive. Following the Chairman and permanent Chief Executive appointments, the Executive Committee, formed during 2020 to provide governance in the transition period, was disbanded. The Board comprises a Chairman, Chief Executive, Chief Financial Officer and three owner appointed directors. On 4 January 2022 it was announced that Helen Normoyle had replaced Jonathan-Ford as the director nominated by Avenue Capital. One of these Non: Executive Directors works within the owner entity they represent and the other two were appointed by an owner entity, but work externally to their business. We are committed to further improving the diversity of our board as opportunities arise, within the constraints of our articles of association, which provide that the majority of our board-members are direct representatives of our shareholders, and therefore not appointed by the company. The appointment _of Helen Normoyle further strengthens this commitment. The Non-Executive Directors between them bring experience in hospitality, digital, marketing, finance, audit and sustainability, in addition to perspectives and challenge from outside the sectors in which the Group operates. All Directors of the Board have access to company secretarial advice and may, if they wish, take professional advice at the company's expense. The duties of the Board are executed partially through committees. One or more Board Directors attend the relevant committees, including the Audit, Safety, Security and Risk, and Investment. During 2022, we expect to also formalise a Sustainability Committee.    Principle How has Travelodge applied it Principle Three: Director Responsibilities The board and individual directors should have a clear understanding of their accountability and responsibilities. The board's policies and procedures should support effective decision-making and independent challenge. Good governance supports open and fair business, ensures that the company has the right safeguards in place and makes certain that every decision it takes is underpinned by the right considerations. Whilst Board oversight is always maintained, key decisions are made by individuals and committees with the most appropriate knowledge and industry experience. The Board meets a minimum of six times a year, with further necessary. meetings convened as The Board delegates authority for day-to-day management of the company to the Chief Executive Officer. Certain governance responsibilities are delegated to other committees (Audit, Safety, Security and Risk and Investment) under a formal delegated authority framework approved by the Board. These committees include one or more Board Directors who support effective decision making. The Board receives regular, timely information on all key aspects of the business including Health & Safety, risks and opportunities, the financial performance of the business, strategy, operational matters and market conditions, supported by specific Key Performance Indicators. Key financial information is collated from the Group's various accounting systems. The Group's financial function is appropriately qualified to ensure the integrity of this information and is responsible for remaining compliant with regulatory changes. Financial information is currently externally audited by PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP on an annual basis. Other key information is prepared by relevant internal functions. The processes for collecting data, as well as reporting of that data, are reviewed on an annual basis by the Group's Safety, Security and Risk function. During 2021 we commenced a programme to expand our internal audit capability and scope to broaden coverage of central functions, in addition to our hotels. We expect this to continue during 2022 in conjunction with understanding the impact of the Department for Business, Energy and Industrial Strategy ("BEIS") proposed reforms to internal controls which is expected to be issued during 2022. Principle Four: Opportunity Risk and A board should promote the long-term sustainable success of the company by identifying opportunities to create and preserve value, and establishing oversight for the identification and mitigation of risks. The Board seeks out opportunity whilst mitigating risk. Strategic opportunities are highlighted to and discussed with the Board at each Group . Strategy review, typically on an annual basis. Short term opportunities to improve performance are also reviewed in the normal course of business. The Audit Committee, consisting of the. Lead Non-Executive Director (as chairman) and one other Non-Executive Director, with the Company's external financial auditors and other Board and functional leads attending by invitation as appropriate, ensures that material risks both inherent and emerging are identified and managed appropriately. The Audit Committee meets every six months and continues ~o refine and improve the company's risk management framework and risk registers, working to ensure consistency across the functional areas of the company. The Strategic Report includes key risks that are monitored by the Audit Committee. The company's systems and controls are designed to manage, rather than eliminate the risk of failure to achieve business objectives and will always provide reasonable and not absolute assurance against a risk crystallising. We note the 'Restoring trust in audit and corporate governance' white paper, which was issued in 2021 by BEIS, seeking responses to the government's proposals to ensure that the UK's audit and corporate reporting framework does all it should to safeguard the interests of investors and other stakeholders. We expect the results of this white paper to be issued during 2022 and will carefully assess any consequences to the company uoon issuance.    Principle How has Travelodge applied it Principle Five: Remuneration A board should promote the long-term sustainable success of the company by identifying opportunities to create and preserve value, and establishing oversight for the identification and mitigation of risks. The Main Board is responsible for the Chairman's and Chief Executive's The Chairman is responsible for other executive director's remuneration, reported to and approved by the Board. remuneration. which is The appointment and remuneration of the Chairman and the Chief Executive Officer are amongst the matters reserved for the Board. Other key reported metrics to the Board on an annual basis are Gender Pay Gap, pay reviews versus benchmark and CEO pay ratio to the Group. Principle Six: Stakeholder Relationships Engagement Directors should foster effective stakeholder relationships aligned to the company's purpose. The board is responsible for overseeing meaningful engagement with stakeholders, including the workforce, and having regard to their views when taking decisions. and Accountability and transparency with stakeholders is key to the long term success of the Group. Travelodge consider their key stakeholders to be customers, colleagues, and investors, including shareholders, lenders, landlords and other creditors including key operational suppliers, local authorities and communities. Please refer to the Stakeholder Engagement section within the Strategic Report for a discussion of how we engage with each.
