   Our Board of Directors ExecutiveBoardMembers JulieBass,ChiefExecutive Julie has been an executive board director at Turning Point since 2009 and now holds the position of Chief Executivefrom April 2020. Prior to this Julieworked in financial services in the UK and overseasin a wide variety of roles including holding responsibility for strategy. organisationaleffectiveness. performance and developmentand people related functions. She is passionate about supporting individuals to discover new possibilities in their lives through the provision of high quality. constantly evolving servicesand interactions. Julie is a Chartered Insurer and afellow of the Chartered Institute of Personneland Development. AmarjitDhillon,ChiefInformationOfficer Amarjit joined TurningPoint in March 2014 as Chief Information Officer with accountability for CommercialVentures since September 2018 and was appointed as an executive board member in April 2020. Amarjit trained as a technologist in the NHS and then moved into the corporate sector where he specialised in directing transformation and changein global organisations. He has technologyand information management experienceas well as time spent in production and operations management.sales and customer facing roles. Amarjit is a non-executivedirector for a housingassociation.He is a Chartered Engineer,a Chartered IT Professionaland a Fellow • of the British Computer Society and a Member of the Institution of Engineeringand Technology. Non-ExecutiveBoardMembers PeterHay,CBE,Chairof the Board Peter becameChair of TurningPoint Board in September 2018. After a long career as a director of social care services, and a past president of the Association of Directors of Adult Social Services,Peter is now pursuinga range of interests in different roles across social care. housingand wellbeing.Peter is curious about ways of developing people'scontrol over their own health and wellbeing, passionateabout building good lives and fascinated by the leadership styles that support these aims.Peter was awarded a CSEin 2012 for servicesto health and care. NicolaGilham Nicolajoined the TurningPoint Board in May 2018. She also sits on the Audit Committee.As a qualified chartered accountant, she enjoyedher first career with Arthur Andersenwhere,for manyyears.she led consulting assignments,both in the UK and overseas.Whilst living in Australia, she moved into recruitment and worked in the sector for over twenty years.Nicola now pursuesa portfolio non-executivecareer working for businesses a.crosshealth and social _care.She also has a long-standing interest in her local community.As such,currently,she is non-executivedirector for the Valeof Aylesbury HousingTrust, a provider of social housingfor 21,000 residents, Brighter Futures for Childrenin Readingwhich runs Children'sServices for the Borough,and also the BuckinghamshireHealthcare NHS Trust. She is Vice Chair of Child BereavementUK,and separately she.spentseveralyears,in a voluntary capacity,as a telephone counsellorfor emotional support services.    PaulPicknett,Chairof the Audit, Risk&QualityCommittee Pauljoined the TurningPoint Board in March 2014 after working in financial servicesfor more than 30 years both in the UK and overseas.His career included 14 years as a main board director of GroupamaInsurancecompany,where he was Corporate Services Director. He has been actively involved in a number of strategic acquisitions,includingthe acquisition of an award-winninghealthcareoperation. He is Trustee Chair of a pension schemewith assets over £310m. He has a degree in managementstudies and is a Fellow of the Chartered InsuranceInstitute. Dr.ChristianVanStolk Christianjoined the board in December2020. He has worked extensively on health and wellbeing in the workplace including research on improving the health and wellbeing of staff in the National Health Service in the UK,maintaining and gaining employment for those with commonmental health conditions, building an evidencebasefor health interventions in workplace settings. and looking at the relationship between productivity and health and wellbeing outcomes. Christian sits on several expert panels for the UK government including those on occupationalhealth, mental health. and employee health and wellbeing in the NHS.He holds a Ph.D. from the London School of Economicsand Political Scienceand fellowships at the RoyalSociety of Medicine and Royal Society of the Arts. Dr.VictoriaTzortziouBrown Victoria joined the TurningPoint Board in May 2021. Victoria is an east London GPand also the ResearchLead of East London Health and Care Partnership.In her academicrole at Barts and The London School of Medicine and Dentistry, Victoria undertakes researchon the design and evaluation of healthcare interventions and their impact on professional behaviour and health inequalities. Victoria is also the RoyalCollegeof GeneralPractitioners joint Honorary Secretary,a director at Healthcare Quality Improvement Partnership (HQIP)and a FoundingSenior Fellow and Council member of the Faculty of Medical Leadership and Management.She has extensive clinical commissioning experienceand served as a board member and clinical vice chair of the Tower Hamlets ClinicalCommissioningGroup. Victoria is a Councilmemberof the Faculty of Sexualand Reproductive Health. Shealso sits at the Council of the Faculty of Sport and ExerciseMedicine and has a clinical and research interest in musculoskeletalmedicineand education.    Structure,governance and management Turning Point is a registered charity incorporated under Companies Act, being a Private Company limited by guarantee and not having a share capital. The governing document is the Articles of Association. Subsidiarycompanies .Turning Point has one wholly owned subsidiary, Turning Point (Services) Limited which is the trading arm of the parent charity. The subsidiary board meets twice a year is and has a board composition of five directors from the Turning Point board and two independent directors. Turning Point also had a 50% shareholding in Northern Pathways Limited with The Retreat York. Northern Pathways Limited ceased trading on 31 March 2019 and the application for strike off was approved by Northern Pathways board in its meeting held on 5 January 2022. The strike off application was filed at Companies House on 12 January 2022 and the company dissolved on 12 April 2022. TurningPointBoardmeetings The Turning Point Board met formally six times between April 202.1 and March 2022. Board meetings are ordinarily face to face but have largely taken place by video conference via Microsoft Teams in 2021 due to the COVID-19 pandemic. TheBoard met face to face in November 2021 and March 2022. Boardattendancein 2021-22 Numberof meetingsin 2021-22 Numbersattended: Peter Hay (Chair) • TurningPoint 6 5 out of 6 Paul Picknett (Vice Chair) Alison Hill Nicola Gilham Julie Bass Amarjit Dhillon Christian Van Stalk Victoria Tzortziou Brown 6 1 out ofl 6 6 6 4 out of 6 5 out of 6    Boardappointment The directors of Turning Point form a unitary board of non-executive and executive members as defined by the Articles of Association. The directors are also the Trustees under charity law. Executive members are appointed according to the terms of their employment with the company under a Relevant Qualifying Position. Non-executive members are appointed by the board following an open recruitment process overseen by the Nomination Committee. Directors are appointed for a three-year term with the option to be reappointed to a second term on a vote of the Board. Directors can, following sufficient review, be appointed to a third three-year term should circumstances require this. Newly appointed directors go through an induction process that includes service visits, meetings with key senior managers and other directors of the board. There is also an introduction to the regulatory and market environment, the strategic intent of the company and the associated risk and challenges. Dr. Victoria Tzortziou Brown was appointed as Non-Executive Director ofTurning Point on 11 May 2021. Statement of Directors'Responsibilities The directors are responsible for preparing the Annual Report • and the Financial Statements in accordance with applicable law and regulation. Company law and requires directors to prepare financial statements for each year which give a true and fair view of the state of affairs of the company and of the income and expenditure for the period of account. In preparingthesefinancialstatements,the Boardis requiredto: • Select suitable accounting policies and then apply them consistently; • Make judgements and estimates that are reasonable and prudent; • State whether applicable accounting standards have been followed, subject to any material departures disclosed and explained in the financial statements; and • Prepare the financial statements on the going concern basis, unless it is inappropriate to presume that the charity will continue iri business. The Board is responsible for keeping proper accounting records which disclose with reasonable accuracy at any time the financial position of the Charity and enable it to ensure that the financial statements comply with the Companies Act 2006, Charities Act 2011 and the Housing and Regeneration Act 2008, Housing SORP 2018 and the Accounting Direction for Private Registered Providers of Social Housing 2019. The Directors are also responsible for safeguarding the assets of the company and hence for taking reasonable steps for the prevention and detection of fraud and other irregularities. 62 Boardeffectiveness Turning Point Board conducts annual effectiveness reviews every year on a 3-year cycle with an externally facilitated triennial review which the Board considers important in the identification of key areas for improvements, focus and for strengthening its overall performance. The last externally facilitated review was conducted by White Water Group in 2020, which was reviewed by the Board in January 2021 due to delays because of the pandemic. Next triennial review will be conducted in 2023. At the beginning of 2022, the board carried out an internal board effectiveness evaluation via a self-assessment questionnaire focussed on key areas including strategy, board composition, risk management. stakeholder engagement, • agenda management. virtual ways of working and knowledge and information with outcomes reported in May 2022. Conflictsof interest Turning Point has a policy in place to manage conflicts of interest. Upon appointment, all directors are required to declare their interests. On an annual basis, all members are asked to update the register of interests, which includes the fit and proper persons requirements. At each meeting of the Board and Audit Risk & Quality Committee, members and attendees are required to state any interests with regard to specific items on the agenda in line with their duties under the Companies Act 2006. Paymentsto Directors Non-executive directors of Turning Point receive remuneration of £7,500 per year for the Chair and £5,000 per year for the other non-executive directors. There has been no increase in non-executive director remuneration during the year. Executive directors are paid for their executive roles and do not receive additional payment for their responsibilities as directors of the organisation. Apart from the reimbursement of expenses entailed in the course of the company's business, there have been no other payments to exetutive directors in 2021-22.    Corporate Governance Report For the year ended 31 March 2022, under the Companies (Miscellaneous Reporting} Regulations 2018, the Company has applied the Wates Corporate Governance Principles for Large Private Companies. Each of the six Wates Principles has been considered individually within the context of the company's specific circumstances and a short supporting statement is set out below to explain how each principle has been applied to achieve better outcomes. Principal Purposeand leadership:An effective Board develops and promotes the purpose of a company, and ensures that its values. strategy and culture align with that purpose. Summary The Board periodically reviews the Charitable objectives and develops and promotes the purpose through its Strategy. It ensures that its values. strategy and culture align with that purpose. Boardcomposition:Effective Board composition requires an effective chair and a balance of skills. backgrounds, experience and knowledge, with individual Directors having sufficient capacity to make a valuable contribution. The size of a Board should be guided by the scale and complexity of the company. The Turning Point Board comprises of Independent Non-Executive Chair, Chief Executive, Chief Information Officer and four Independent Non-Executive Directors. The size and composition of the Board is appropriate to the size, nature and complexity of the Company. The Board has delegated some functions to committees which focuses on audit, risk & quality, and a committee for remuneration. More information regarding committees is included on page 65. There is a process in place for regular Board effectiveness reviews. More information regarding Board effectiveness is included on page 62. Directorresponsibilities:The Board and individual Directors should have a clear understanding of their accountability and responsibilities. The Board's policies and procedures should support effective decision-making and independent challenge. The Board receives regul~r reports on strategy, financial performance. stakeholder engagement. and management of key business risks along with updates on activities and decisions of its committees. In addition, certain responsibilities are delegated to the committees in accordance with the approved Governance Standing Orders. At each Board meeting, all Directors are asked to declare any potential conflict of interest. Any declaration is noted and where there are potential conflicts. appropriate safeguards are implemented. Opportunityandrisk:A Board should promote the long-term sustainable success of the company by identifying opportunities to create and preserve value. and establishing oversight for the identification and mitigation of risks. The Board seeks out opportunity while mitigating risk. The Board annually discusses emergent strategy and the operational performance at the Board away day. The Audit Risk & Quality Committee. consisting of Independent Non-Executive Directors receives assurance report from the internal and external auditors. Material risks are identified and managed and where required the substantive issues are escalated to the Board. The principal risks of the company are set out on page 56.    CorporateGovernanceReport Remuneration:A Board should promote executive remuneration structures aligned to the long-term sustainable success of the company, taking into account pay and conditions elsewhere in the company. The Remuneration Committee has clearly defined terms of reference and is responsible for determining remuneration. The Committee considers benchmarking data and where appropriate advice from external consultants. The Company updated the Trustee benefit clause in the Articles of Association after receiving written consent from the Charity Commission. More information regarding Committees is included on page 65. Stakeholderrelationshipsand engagement: Directors should foster effective shareholder relationships aligned to the company's purpose. The Board is responsible for overseeing meaningful engagement with stakeholders, including the workforce, and having regard to their views when taking decisions. Accountability and transparency with stakeholders is key to the long term success of the Group. The Section 172(1) Statement on page 14 sets out the details of some of the engagements that take place at the operational or group level with the key stakeholders.    Our people In 2021-22 COVID-19 was still present in our lives and health and wellbeing continued to be a focus for our organisation and people. Working remotely and more flexibly during the pandemic has shown what is possible and what opportunities there are to consider doing things differently as we move on from COVID-19. This year our focus has been on further embedding our engagement strategy, diversity and inclusion. attraction and retention activity, building capacity to support quality service delivery and a collaborative approach to designing future ways of working. Oursuppliers We rely on various suppliers throughout the year for the delivery of technology, facilities management. harm reduction products and agency colleagues. amongst other things. We maintain good working relationships with our suppliers to ensure good value, social impact and environmental commitments are in place throughout the duration of our contracts. Boardcommittees Audit Risk & Quality Committee (the "ARQ Committee") The ARQ Committee is a standing board committee and it supports the Board by providing assurance that robust and effective mechanisms are in place to manage risks and ensure standards in Finance & Financial management, Internal & External audit and Quality Safeguarding and Clinical Governance. The ARQ Committee receives reports from both internal and external auditors as well as executives ~nd senior managers. As at 31 March2022, the membersof the audit risk & quality committeewereas follows: • Paul Picknett. non-executive director (Chair) • Nicola Gilham, non-executive director • Victoria Tzortziou Brown, non-executive director The Chief Financial Officer is invited to ARQ Committee meetings as a matter of course. Other executives and senior managers are invited to ARQ Committee meetings as required. The committee met four times between April 2021 and March 2022. All meetings were quorate. The Chief Financial Officer attended all ARQ Committee meetings. Nominationcommittee When required, the Nomination Committee is convened to make recommendations to the Board on recruitment, membership and succession planning. Saxton Bampfylde was appointed to conduct the initial market search and shortlisting on behalf of the committee. The committee interviewed the shortlisted candidates for the position of Non-Executive Director with clinical background and recommended the appointment of Dr. Victoria Tzortziou Brown as director of the company to the board. The board accepted the recommendation of the Nomination Committee and appointed Dr. Victoria Tzortziou Brown to the board on 11 May 2021. Remunerationcommittee In January 2021 the board took the decision to create a permanent Remuneration Committee to deal with executive and non-executive remuneration with different membership to manage conflicts of interest. The membership comprises three non-executive directors for executive director remuneration. In February 2022, the Remuneration Committee met to consider executive director pay. The committee was chaired by Nicola Gilham and it resolved to hold the basic pay at the current levels. Reviewof objectives The charitable objects of the Company are for the public benefit. to promote or assist in promoting the advancement of health of those with Learning Disability, those at risk of or with mental health conditions. alcohol. drug or alcohol use, misuse or dependency, and/or other addictive behaviour. We meet our charitable objects through the provision of services across England for people to improve their health and wellbeing whether that is at home, within the workplace or through specialist services. In doing so we build upon nearly sixty years of experience in substance misuse. mental health, learning disability, autism. acquired brain injury, sexual health, healthy lifestyles and emplo'yment services. The board of directors. members of which are also trustees under charity law. has given careful consideration and due regard to the Charity Commission's general guidance on public benefit in reviewing the activities of the Turning Point group. The directors are satisfied that the objectives of the charity and the activities it undertakes remain entirely for the public benefit in accordance with Section 17 of the Charities Act 2011.
