   Corporate Governance Statement For the year ended 31 December 2021, under The Companies (Miscellaneous Reporting) Regulations 2018, the Company has applied the Wates Corporate Governance Principles for Large Private Companies (as published by the FinancialReporting Council). Set out below are how these 6 principles have been applied over the financial year. Principle I - Purpose and Leadership Uni part originated as a division of the state-owned car manufacturer British Leyland, until a management buyout led by the current Chairman and Group Chief Executive, John Neill, gave it independence over thirty years ago. This marked the start of Unipart's journey of transformation and the development of The Uni part Way, which has been central to its success.Privatising Unipart created the agenda for a different kind of company that has become a model of operational excellence providing logistics and consultancy services for a wide range of companies. Uni part remains privately owned, with over half of the company's shares being owned by employees and former employees. Today, the Group's operations span three major areas; logistics, manufacturing and consultancy, but across all three there is a single approach that enables the Group to deliver outstanding levels of service to clients - it is called The Unipart Way. The Unipart Way isn't just a set of tools; it is a designed system and a philosophy of working that engages every single employee within the organisation. It motivates people and equips them with the skills to diagnose problems and create innovative solutions that will make a dramatic difference to existing and potential customers. Central to The Uni part Way is Unipart's culture, which is driven by the Board and leaders. The Group's philosophy at the heart of its culture is "To understand the real and perceived needs of our customers better than anyone else and serve them better than anyone else". At the World Economic Forum meeting in 2020, its President. Klaus Schwab, celebrated the 50th anniversary of the founding principles of the stakeholder agenda. Unipart independently arrived at these ideas in the late 1980s,being one of the first British companies to articulate the concept of stakeholding as part of its mission statement. During the decades that followed, this philosophy evolved into well-defined operational programmes to engage with suppliers to improve quality and reduce cost for mutual advantage, to build lifetime relationships with customers, to continuously reskill and inspire employees to achieve more than they ever imagined and to help the communities in which the company does business to prosper. We believe this is a superior way of producing fair, enduring, long-term returns for our shareholders and more relevant today than at any time in our history. The Group's mission statement is that it aims to be an enduring upper quartile performing company in which stakeholders are keen to participate by: • Pursuing its values; • Pursuingwell-judged entrepreneurial risks; • Ensuringthe continuity, relevance and synergy of its missions;and • Creating an environment within which the Group can and does pursue its mission. At the heart of achieving this mission statement is the Group's culture and people. Unipart is very proud of its track record as a responsible business, which is about doing well by doing good. Strong successful communities buy Unipart's products and services. Successfulschools provide Unipart with well trained and motivated employees, who help to build the business by engaging more effectively with stakeholders than competitors do and Unipart prides itself on working with its communities, public services and schools for mutual benefit. Principle 2 - Board Composition The Board comprises the Chairman and Group Chief Executive, Group Chief Financial Officer and the Executive Vice President, along with two Independent Non-Executive Directors and UGC GP Scotland Limited (representing the Group's largest shareholder, UGC Pension Funding LP). A biography for each Board Director can be found on pages 32 and 33 of the Annual Report. Chair John Neill has held the role of Group Chief Executive since 1987.He took on the additional role of Chairman in 2012, succeeding Lord Sheppard of Didgemere following his retirement. John's appointment as Chairman was renewed in 2017 with the unanimous approval of the Board. This continuity has ensured that the Group retains its strong culture and commitment to employee and customer engagement. whilst ultimately delivering value to its shareholders. Size and structure The Board believes its size and structure is appropriate to meet the strategic needs and challenges of the business and enables effective decision-making. The Board's Non-Executive Directors bring a wealth of experience in world class manufacturing, engineering and digital technologies as well as an external perspective which informs the valuable challenge and guidance they provide to the Board. The Group Leadership Team is the key decision-making forum, below Board level,for determining and implementing transparent Group-wide policies and deciding on major issues affecting the Group. It ensures that the values, strategy and culture are aligned and communicated to the employee community in a consistent manner, for example through regular senior management conferences.    Balance and diversity Unipart recognises the importance and value of being inclusive and promoting diversity across its workforce. The Group is focussed on programmes to encourage and develop a wide range of applicants for every role, to help create an innovative and effective workforce. The Board and the Group Leadership Team collectively demonstrate an appropriate combination of skills, experience and knowledge, combined with a very high level of understanding relevant to the needs of the business,across a diverse range of backgrounds. Effectiveness All Directors have accessto the advice and services of the Company Secretary and may, if they wish, take professional advice. Directors keep their skills, knowledge and familiarity with the Group up to date by meeting with senior management, visiting operations and by attending seminars and training courses. The Chairman is responsible for keeping the effectiveness of the Board under review and ensuring appropriate successionplans are in place. The Group's private ownership structure across a large number of shareholders has resulted in no individual Director beneficially owning more than I 0% of the Group's share capital, which means that the Board members are able to undertake their duties objectively with a long-term horizon. Principle 3 - Director Responsibilities Accountability Each Board Director has a clear understanding of the role of the Board and their statutory duties as a director. The Directors and members of the wider leadership team complete an Annual Declaration of Interests, in which any potential connicts of interest are declared. Directors are asked to notify their fellow Directors as soon as they become aware of a potential conflict of interest and comply with the Company's Articles of Association in handling the situation. The Board meets a minimum of six times a year.Whilst certain matters are reserved expressly for Board approval, day-to-day decision making is delegated to committees and individuals with the most appropriate knowledge and experience, subject to regular reporting to the Board. Committees The Group Leadership Team is chaired by the Group Chief Executive and its members include all Executive Board Directors, as well as leaders of the Human Resources, IT, Commercial, Marketing and Operations functions. The Board is agile to updating the construct of its other committees across the Group, for example the establishment of the Group Risk Committee in 2020. Integrity of information Board members receive regular and timely information on all key aspects of the business including financial performance, strategic and operational matters, health and safety, environmental matters, and risk and opportunities, all supported by key performance indicators. Board papers are distributed in advance of meetings and include an appropriate level of information to allow Directors to understand and assessthe issuesat hand. The financial information is collated from the Group's finance systems and its integrity is ensured, as far as practicably possible, by using appropriately qualified and trained finance staff. Our auditors, PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP, conduct an external audit on the Group's financial information annually. Other key information is prepared by the relevant internal functions. Principle 4 - Opportunity and Risk One of Unipart's guiding principles is that we manage with a long-term view and as a consequence the business is cautious about taking risk especially for short-term gain, whilst continually seeking out opportunities. Each year, the Group Leadership Team considers and decides on the key strategic aims for the Group and this forms part of the Group Policy Deployment Matrix process. These aims are presented to the Board and are subsequently cascaded down through the Group to its operations to form part of their own strategies. In conjunction with this, each business area prepares a Strategic Corporate Plan which includes how they will address those strategic aims. Within the Strategic Corporate Plan,the businesswill consider opportunities and risks in achieving the plan and in addition they conduct an extensive annual Risk Review. Opportunity The Group has a culture of seeking out opportunities at every level. be those wider and longer-term strategic opportunities down to smaller operational improvements. Through the tools and techniques of the Unipart Way, colleagues are trained and encouraged to eliminate waste and find ways of delivering service to customers in a more efficient manner. Risk Across the Group, systems and controls have been put in place to mitigate and manage risk, but not to necessarily eliminate risk in its entirety. The Group recognises that these mitigations do not provide a complete guarantee, but they do provide a proportional level of assuranceagainst each risk materialising. The Group Risk Committee was formed in 2020 and is chaired by the Group Chief Financial Officer and Chief Risk Officer, meeting at least six times each year. The Group Risk Committee includes the Group Legal Director, the Group HR Director. the Group IT Systems Director, the Company Secretary and the Director of Corporate FinancialServices. The key responsibilities of the Group Risk Committee include establishing clear governance and accountability for risk and any    associated remediation; providing direction to functions and divisions including the creation and deployment of Group risk management policies; maintaining a best practice risk management framework; determining the risk appetite and risk exposure for the Group; providing a point of escalation for critical or emerging risks; driving the consideration of risk in decision making; driving the inclusion of risk management into performance management and providing the Board and Group Leadership Team with sufficient effective information to enable them to discharge their risk reporting requirements. The annual Risk Review process starts at the Strategic Corporate Plan, with each key businessarea completing a detailed Risk Register, setting out the strategic. operational, reporting and compliance risks it has identified which may prevent them from achieving their Strategic Corporate Plan objectives. Root causes, along with controls and monitors that have been put in place to mitigate each of those risks manifesting, are also documented and each risk is scored both before and after such mitigations. The Risk Register is then approved at a divisional Board level and presented to the Group Risk Committee. A detailed summary of all the material risks is then presented, discussed and reviewed by the Group Risk Committee and Group Leadership Team each year, before being presented to the Group Board. The Group continues to refine and improve the Risk Review process having migrated its Risk Register onto a web-based platform. Since its introduction in 2018, the system has been rolled out across the all business areas and is continually revisited to incorporate new risk areas as they are identified. This has already improved the speed and effectiveness of the Risk Review process. As a result of this change, the Group Risk Committee is now able to perform regular deep dives across key risks throughout the year more efficiently to further strengthen the Group's risk framework and emphasise the importance of risk being a continuous process so that risks can be highlighted and assessedon a timelier basis. Responsibilities The Board has set in place a clear Delegated Authority framework, which is cascaded across the business. This clarifies where approval is required, be that for investments, contractual, brand, employment, structural or communication matters. For some areas, the delegations are on a tiered basis, so that less material decisions can be made at a local management level. This enables the business to apply an appropriate level of review at the right level to major decisions, whilst enabling the Group operations to conduct their business in a timely and efficient manner. Principle 5 - Remuneration Unipart's remuneration policy is to offer a total reward packagethat • is in line with prevailing market rates; • helps attract and retain high quality people at all levels of our businesswho are committed and able to deliver world class levels of service to clients; and • is sufficiently flexible to enable us to respond to skills "hotspots'. The Board has established a Remuneration Committee. Its terms of reference are to consider and make recommendations to the main Board on remuneration matters concerning the Executive Directors. The Remuneration Committee is chaired by an Independent Non-Executive Director. The Remuneration Committee conducts a review on an annual basis based on similar criteria to those stated above with additional consideration given to the balance between short and long-term incentives in organisations of a comparable size, individual levels of performance and fairness in relation to reward across the wider population of Uni part colleagues. The general pay award policy is reviewed on an annual basis by the Group Leadership Team based on an update of external best practice, market pay awards and stated intentions, along with the legislative and economic landscape. Where skills 'hotspots' exist, these will be taken into account. The Group has long recognised that having a diverse and engaged workforce is key to its successand as a responsible businessrecognises its critical role in eliminating the gender pay gap. The Group publishes information on its gender pay gap as part of its corporate responsibility reporting and from its earliest days has continually sought ways to recruit more women into the business and promote them to senior roles. Traditionally however the automotive industry and many of the sectors we work in have attracted more men, but we continue to create an effective and inclusive talent pipeline. The insights gained from the pay gap reporting has helped to evolve the programmes, albeit it will take time for the benefits of these to reflect in the pay gap numbers. The Group is delighted to see the results of these programmes starting to deliver with our highest ever number of women joining the Group Leadership Team.    Principle 6 - Stakeholder Relationships and Engagement The Unipart Group is a combination of people, ideas and assetswhich exist for the benefit of our stakeholders. The Board promotes active engagement with all stakeholders, both internal and external. through Unipart's stakeholder philosophy, based on sound business thinking and recognition of the importance of achieving worldclass standards of performance to compete in global markets. The Group's Corporate Responsibility Strategy considers further how the Group engages with all stakeholders in a manner which is aligned with the 17 United Nations Sustainable development goals. Employees Fundamental to the Group's values is its respect for the individual. The Group fosters an environment in which individual employees can both contribute to and share in the fortunes of the business in a fair and consistent manner. The Group's employees are its greatest asset and as such they deserve: • to be informed of their role and tasks; • to be appropriately trained and developed for the role and tasks required of them; • to be allowed the opportunity to perform; • to be regularly counselled on how they are doing and their career potential; • to be recognised and rewarded according to their individual achievements; • to be managed professionally: • to be given the willing assistanceand support of their colleagues; • to be given the opportunities to develop their career potential to the full extent of their ability; to be informed of what their company is doing and what its objectives are; • to know we actively encourage promotion from within the company; • to have their ideas and opinions properly considered; • to not be burdened by those not willing to contribute; • to work in an inclusive environment free of discrimination, harassment, victimisation and bullying; • to have a safe and secure working environment: • to have a right to keep matters not relevant to employment private; and • to be communicated and consulted with. The Group uses multiple channels to engage with its employees including employee forums, regular 'Roadshows' and employee conferences, The Unipart Way Online, the regular Grapevine video news update and SPARK digital knowledge sharing tools, as well as an established employee engagement system. Shareholders The Group's shareholder base comprises principally the Group's main defined benefit pension schemes (via corporate entities established on their behalf) and the Group Share Trust (an employee benefit trust), along with current and former employees. The principal engagement with shareholders is through the Report & Accounts, which is distributed annually to all shareholders. Regular updates to the Group's website also keep shareholders informed. Shareholders are invited and encouraged to contact the Company Secretary to ask any questions they may have on the Report & Accounts or any other matters arising during the year. The Company Secretary coordinates responses to shareholders. Pension trustees The Group communicates regularly with the pension trustees, who are independent of the company. Regular meetings are held to discuss the financial projections of the Group and its ability to meetthe agreed recovery plan. The Group engagesactively on the performance of the investments and assetsto ensure that it effectively fulfils its obligations to the stakeholders of the pension scheme. Customers Customer engagement is also paramount to the successfulmanagement of the Group and customer engagement is driven by the Board and Group LeadershipTeam. Customer surveys are undertaken to evaluate its performance and seek feedback on delivering exceptional client service. Regular communication is held with significant customers to ensure that any matters are addressed in a timely fashion. Suppliers The Group ensures it works fairly with its suppliers and agrees reasonable payment terms with each and pays them on time each month. Where there are genuine disputes it positively works with these suppliers to resolve them promptly. Community The Group recognises the importance of engaging with the communities in which it operates. It is these communities that provide the current and future employee base, and the Group is mindful of its responsibilities to them as an employer and a good neighbour. Through community engagement programmes Unipart aims to: Reduce so far as is reasonably practicable any negative environmental impact on local communities where that environmental impact is produced directly or indirectly by Unipart Group operations; • Reduce so far as is reasonably practicable any negative health or safety impacts on local communities where that impact is produced directly or indirectly by Unipart Group operations; • Enthuse and develop potential future employees within local communities; • Encourage employees to engage in community activities; and • Invest at least I% of UK pre-tax profits (in the form of time as well as money) in community activities. During 2021 the Group publically announced its commitment to the UN Race to Zero Campaign and has set out plans to decarbonise its operations in order to support limiting the planet to a 1.5 degree warming target.    John Neill CBE Chairman & Group Chief Executive Darren Leigh Group Chief FinancialOfncer and Chief Risk Officer John Neill was appointed Chief Executive ·of the Group in 1987, having led the management buyout from British Leyland. John joined Unipart in 1974, becoming Managing Director in 1977. He'is responsible for the day-today management and overall performance of the Group. He was appointed Chairman in July 2012. He holds a number of key positions within the motor industry, including Executive Board Member of the Society of Motor Manufacturers and Traders (SMMT). He is a former director of the Court of the Bank of England and formerly a non-executive director of Rolls-Royce Pie, Charter International Pie and The Royal Mail. He has been awarded honorary Doctorates in Business Administration from several universities, including Oxford Brookes, De Montfort and Middlesex. He was also awarded the Honorary Degree of Doctor of the University of Strathclyde in recognition of the successof Unipart, its growth and expansion and, in particular, the implementation ofThe Unipart Way as a model for creating exceptional levels of performance through employee engagement. Darren Leigh was appointed Group Chief Financial Officer in April 2020 and took on additional responsibilities in October 2020 when he was also appointed as the Chief Risk Officer for the Group. Darren is a highly experienced and qualified Finance professional with over thirty years in industry and over twenty years in financial leadership roles. He has worked in PE backed, privately owned and listed companies and across multiple sectors including manufacturing, logistics and supply chain. Before joining Unipart Group, Darren's recent experience was in the software and financial technology sectors at Sage PLC and Finastra respectively. He worked in the rail industry with Freightliner Group and, before that. gained experience in the automotive retail sector working with Inchcape PLC. Throughout his career Darren has had considerable success implementing and embedding corporate governance, leading finance transformations and partnering leadership teams to create value. Frank Burns Executive Vice President Frank Burns is responsible for ensuring that we develop and coach the right quality talent for the medium and long-term success of our Group and is Chair of the Group Appointments Committee. Frank also leads various strategic reviews in the businessand continues to have overall responsibility for the Unipart Manufacturing Division. Frank also has Board responsibility for the Group's Consultancy Practices. He started his career at Unipart in 1988, where he held a number of positions including specialisingas the ManagingDirector of the Group's Manufacturing interest. In 1999,he moved into the Logistics arena and was appointed Managing Director during 2006 and more recently became the Executive Vice President of Unipart Group and a member of the Board.    Bryan Jackson CBE Non-Executive Director Hamid Mughal OBE Non-Executive Director Bryan Jackson was appointed to the Board in April 2013. He is also Chairman of Sharing in Growth and Chairman of John Smedley Limited. He was the Managing Director of Toyota Motor Manufacturing (UK) Limited until his retirement in 2004. Between 2004 and 2009 he was an advisor to Toyota in Europe. He is a past Chairman of the East Midlands Development Agency and the East Midlands CBI. Bryan retired as Chairman of Wesleyan Assurance Society in December 2017. Bryan received an OBE in 2000 for services to manufacturing and a CBE for services to economic development and manufacturing in the 2012 New Year Honours. Hamid Mughal was appointed to the Board in January 2018. He is an acclaimed Industrial leader with over 35 years of experience in the Automotive and Aerospace Sectors. In September 2020, Hamid joined the University of Strathclyde as Special Advisor and Professor of Practice, Engineering and Manufacturing after retiring from Rolls-Royce where he was Director of Global Manufacturing. In this role, he was responsible for leading the Manufacturing strategy and activities across the company's Civil, Defence and Power Systems Manufacturing footprint. He joined Rolls-Royce in 2002 from BMW Group where he was Director of New Product Programmes. Hamid has a deep professional interest in the latest developments of Advanced Manufacturing, Industrial Digitisation and Global Supply Chain development and contributes widely in his capacity as Chair of both UKRl's Industrial Advisory Group and Scotland's Industrial Programme, Making Scotland's Future. He is also Chair of A*Star Advanced Remanufacturing & Technology Programme Board in Singapore and External Professor of Manufacturing at Cranfield, Hertfordshire and Sheffield Universities. He is a Chartered Engineer, winner of International Manufacturing Gold Medal and Fellow of Royal Academy of Engineering, IMechE and IET. Hamid has been awarded Honorary Doctor of Science degrees from the Universities of Hertfordshire, Birmingham, Sheffield and Strathclyde. He received an OBE in the 2014 New Year's Honours for services to Innovation. Technology and Manufacturing.
