   Corporate governance The Directors recognise the importance of good corporate governance and strong supervision of the Company's management lo ensure thal business operations are conducted properly, with integrity and due regard to the interest of all stakeholders. Consequently, for the year ended 31 August 2021, under Companies (Miscellaneous Reporting) Regulations 2018, the Company has applied the Wates Corporate Governance Principles for Large Private Limited Companies (published by the Financial Reporting Council ("FRC") in December 2018 and available on the FRC website). Details are set out below. Purpose and leadership The Directors deve/np and promote the purpose of the Company, and ensure that its values, strategies and culture align with that purpose. As with the rest of the Fast Retailing group, the goal of Uniqlo is "Changing clothes. Changing conventional wisdom. Change the world" and to work towards the group's aim of becoming the world's No. I digital consumer retailing company. At the same time, as a group we seek to help solve social and environmental issues and forge a better society by building sustainable operations not only within our own company but across our entire supply chain. The Directors ensure that these visions are articulated through their leadership and emphasis on these points to the management team. This is then filtered through all members of the business and is taken in to consideration when thinking about all ~1akeholdersincluding the choice of vendors and considerations of customers. Directors responsibilities The Directors have a clear understanding of their accountability and responsibilities. Their policies and procedures should support effective decision-making and independent challenge. Directors are briefed on their duties and can access professional advice, including that of independent advisers where necessary. The Directors are aware of their statutory duties in relation to conflicts of interest and their duty to make the Board aware of any situations which may cause a conflict of interest. Some day to day decisions are carried out by the management team of the Company and a delegation of authority is set out, with clearly defined monetary limits, for what key matters can be authorised at each level. Policies are set al both a group and local level and these are reviewed on a regular basis to ensure that , procedures in the business remain reasonable. In order to improve corporate ethics.and promote corporate __ . compliance the Company carry out a Code of Conduct e-leaming which all employees have to complete upon on-boarding and then on an annual basis.    Board composition The Directors have a11appropriate composition and size to enable them to effectively lead the Company As a fully owned subsidiary of the Fast Retailing group, the size and composition of the Uniqlo board is deemed appropriate for the business, with the Directors having sufficient knowledge and experience. Opportunity and risk The Director!/ promote the lo11g-termsu.~tainahle success of the Company by ide11tifj,i11gopportunities lo create and preserve val11e,establishing oversight for the identification and mitigation of risks. The Directors arc always looking for opportunities to grow the business and run it in a su~tainable way for the lung term. New initiatives arc always considered with employees encouraged to share their ideas with the Board. They assess the risks to the business and put controls in place to mitigate these. Some internal controls and policies are made at the group level and these are then followed within Uniqlo. Disclosures on future ~'lrategyand risk management as well as a business outlook, with a summary of risks and uncertainties are included within the Strategic Report. Remuneration The Board promote executive rem11nerationstruct11resaligned lo the long-term sustainable success of the Company, taking into account pay and conditions elsewhere in the company. Remuneration of the Directors is set out by the Parent Company, with a significant portion of executive pay given through long term equity awards that are linked to the performance of the group. Long term incentives have performance metrics that are tied to stock values which help to create a sense of shared purpose with shareholders. Stakeholder relationships and engagement The Directors have eflecliw stakeholder relatiunships aligned to the purpose of the Company. They are responsible for overseeing meaning/id engagement wilh stakeholders, including the workforce, and have regard 10 their views when taking decisions. The Directors are committed to run a responsible business and take aU the stakeholders including company employees, customers, vendors, communities and the wider society in to consideration when making relevant decisions. Depending on the items, stakeholder engagement is carried out locally or sometimes globally in a proactive manner to understand emerging issues and to devise informed solutions that address risk or mitigate impact on vulnerable peoples. Great value is placed on the independent insight and input of stakeholders to improve strategies and programs. The frequency of the dialogue with each stakeholder depends on the nature of the issue we are addressing together.
