   CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT For the year ended 31 December 2021 The Company is a private non-quoted Company, therefore, is not required to comply with the UK Corporate Governance Code 2018 ("the Code") published by the Financial Reporting Council that applies to Premium listed companies. For the year ended 31 December 2021, the Company operated its own governance arrangements, which adopt and reflect elements of the Code, the Companies Miscellaneous Reporting Regulations 2018 and the Wates Principles that the Directors considered appropriate given the size and complexity of the Company. Company Purpose and Board Leadership Unum Limited is an employee benefits provider offering financial protection through the workplace and is focused on Income Protection, Life Insurance, Critical Illness, and Dental cover. The Company's mission is to help and protect more people. The Company and Board play a critical role in helping to protect the financial futures of individuals and their families and the services offered help people when they need it most. The Company believes that workplace wellbeing is integral to all businesses. The Company offers a range of tools designed to help businesses and to support their employee wellbeing strategy. The Board of Directors is responsible for agreeing the company strategy, delivering propositions and services our customers value, delivering shareholder return, approving business plans, and monitoring performance. Details of the Company's strategy are set out in the Strategic Report. Appropriate mechanisms are in place to ensure that the Board has a clear understanding of the views of Unum Group, the Company's sole shareholder. This includes periodically inviting senior representatives to observe Board and Committee meetings. The Board recognises the importance of its role in setting the tone of the Company's culture and embedding it throughout the business. Ultimately this responsibility puts the Customer at the heart of everything the Company does and is a foundation stone of its culture and its purpose. The Company has clearly defined corporate values (We are Unum) that guide what it does and the decisions made. They set out what is at the heart of Unum - helping the working world thrive throughout life's moments - and how this is fundamental to achieving its business objectives, how it helps build a place people aspire to work and how it enables the Company to better serve its customers. 'We are Unum' complements the wider framework of its Vision, Values, Leadership Expectations, Customer Experience Vision and Code of Conduct to comprehensively articulate what the Company stands for and the behaviours expected from its employees. The Board recognises that culture is a key driver of behaviours and performance and annually reviews its Culture Framework which includes a suite of key behaviour-based metrics supported by insights from a regular employee engagement survey. The Board regularly receives assurance on how the business is performing against the Culture Framework from the People, Compliance, Risk and Internal Audit functions. The Company has a Whistleblowing Policy which is reviewed and approved by the Board annually. Stuart Vann, Chair of the Audit Committee, is the Whistleblowing Champion.    Inclusion, Diversity, Corporate and Social Responsibility The Board appreciates the different perspectives and experiences the Company's employees and customers bring. The Company believes in inclusion and diversity and recognises the benefits diversity can bring to its Board of Directors and the importance of taking an active role in its Inclusion and Diversity and CSR agendas. The Company is a signatory of the 'Women in Finance Charter'. In 2020, we signed . the Business in the Community Race and Work Charter. The Non-Executive Directors have sponsored the 'Women in Leadership' programme, they also mentor and sponsor leaders within the organisation. The remuneration of the Chief Executive Officer (CEO) and Chief People Officer are linked to diversity targets. Unum UK's Chair and Non-Executive Directors (NEDs) play an active role in its CSR programme and in environmental sustainability. The Chair meets with the Company's charity partners on behalf of Unum. The Board has agreed collective responsibility for the engagement with its employees and consequently have not assigned responsibility to one specific Director. Division of Responsibilities The Company has a clear governance structure and defined roles and responsibilities at all levels. The Board is supported by the Audit, Risk, and Regulatory & Compliance Committees, and by the Nomination and Remuneration Committees of the Company's immediate parent, Unum European Holding Company Limited. The Board Committees are all chaired by non-executive directors. They bring independent judgement on all issues of strategy, performance, resources and standards of conduct. The Company has a separate Chair and CEO with a clear division of responsibilities. The responsibilities of the Company's Board committees are as follows: Board Responsible for agreeing company strategy, approving business plans, and monitoring performance. I I I I Audit Committee Provides assurance as to the integrity of financial reporting, controls and plans. Monitors the effectiveness of the internal audit function, the external auditor's independence, the external audit process and supply of non-audit services. Risk Committee Provides oversight of significant existing and emerging risks and capital requirements. Recommends the risk management strategy and appetite to the Board. Oversees the risk framework. Regulatory& Compliance Committee Provides oversight of the regulatory and legislative framework within which the Company operates. Monitors current and emerging regulatory compliance policy, legal matters and related risks.    Remuneration The Company has no employees. It has a resourcing and services agreement with its immediate parent company, Unum European Holding Company Limited, under which it is provided with staff that perform administrative, management and other services on behalf of the Company. These costs are reported under the relevant headings in the income statement. Senior executives' remuneration levels, which are established in accordance with the remuneration framework and policy, are approved by the Unum European Holding Company Limited Remuneration Committee following feedback on the proposals from the Human Capital Committee of Unum Group. Executive reward includes longer-term performance measures and incentives for our Executive Directors, including links to operation within risk appetite. Unum European Holding Company Limited also has a Nomination Committee, whose principal purpose is to oversee the process for Board and Committee composition, including the nomination of new members, and also to consider Executive Committee succession planning. Compensation Programme Structure Our executive compensation philosophy is to reward performance that helps us achieve our corporate objectives, increase shareholder returns, attract and retain talented individuals, and promote a culture of ownership and accountability in the company. We do this by: • Offering base salaries that reflect the competitive market as well as the roles, skills, abilities, experience and performance of employees; • Providing incentive opportunities for all employees based on the achievement of corporate and individual performance goals; and • Aligning the long-term interests of management and shareholders by offering performance- based equity compensation opportunities and requiring senior officers to own a specified value of Unum Group shares and retain equity awards for a specified period of time after vesting. We seek to operate a remuneration policy and practices that are in line with the group's business and risk strategy, risk profile, objectives, performance, values and risk management practice and the long-term interests of the organisation and all of its stakeholders (including customers, shareholders, policyholders, intermediaries, employees and regulators). Board Composition and Activities The Board of Directors comprises two Executive Directors (the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer), four Independent Non-Executive Directors and one Non-Executive Director. The Chair of the Board was independent on appointment. The Board look for diversity of thought and experience, cultural fit, empathy and for leaders who display and encourage candour and effective challenge when considering appointments to the Board. Peter O'Donnell stepped down from his role as Executive Vice President of Unum International, Chief Executive Officer of Unum UK's business on 31 March 2021 and as a Director of Unum Limited effective from the date of the signing of the annual report for the year ended 31 December 2020. Mark Till was appointed to succeed Peter as Chief Executive Officer, Unum UK and Chairman, Unum Poland effective 1 April 2021.    Board composition and activities (continued) Malcom McCaig stepped down as Independent Non-Executive Director and Interim Chair of the Audit Committee on 31 May 2021. Stuart Vann joined the Company on 1 June 2021 and was appointed to the Board as Independent Non-Executive Director and Chair of the Audit Committee, with effect from 27 October 2021. Mark Till Chief Executive Officer (with effect from 1 April 2021) As CEO, Mark leads Unum UK, creating a clear strategy and providing an environment which delivers the best service possible for our customers. He joined Unum in February 2021, attracted by the Company's strong customer focus and the caring culture that helps people at difficult moments in their lives. He is passionate about helping people secure their financial wellbeing. Before joining Unum, Mark held several leadership roles in financial services, most recently spending 5 years at Aegon UK as Managing Director, Platform Solutions. There he was responsible for leading the company across pensions, investment platforms, asset management and personal protection. Jonathan (Jon) Fletcher Chief Financial Officer Prior to Unum, Jon was an Executive Director at EY and held a number of senior roles in the Finance function at HBOS (Insurance Division). Jon has now been with Unum for 7 years and was appointed Chief Financial Officer in January 2017. He is a Fellow of the Institute of Actuaries and leads the Finance and Underwriting function at Unum UK. Jon is a Director of Unum Limited and Unum European Holding Company Limited, as well as a member of the Supervisory Board of Unum Poland. Clifton Melvin, Chair Chair Nomination and Remuneration Committee Clifton has significant experience of both the insurance and retail financial services sectors. He is a Fellow of the Institute of Actuaries and has enjoyed an executive career at Winterthur Life UK, GE Capital Europe, KPMG and AXA; his Non-Executive experience includes Standard Life, Saga Services Ltd and Just Retirement Ltd. Clifton is a Non-Executive Director of Unum Limited and Unum European Holding Company Limited. Cheryl Black, Senior Independent Non- Executive Director Chair Regulatory and Compliance Committee Cheryl brings senior level board experience with recognised expertise in business transformation, combining both leadership and financial skills. During her executive career Cheryl worked at Telefonica 02 UK, Scottish Water and EDF; her Non-Executive experience includes Skipton Building Society, Southern Water Services, NHS 24 and Telefonica UK Pension Trustee Ltd and she is currently a Trustee at Scottish Widows MasterTrust. Cheryl is a Non-Executive Director of Unum Limited and Unum European Holding Company Limited.    Nicholas (Nick) Poyntz-Wright, Independent Non-Executive Director Chair Risk Committee Nick has significant experience of both insurance and retail financial services. He is a Fellow of the Institute of Actuaries and was previously CEO of Skandia UK and Director of Long-Term Savings and Pensions at the Financial Conduct Authority. He is a Non-Executive Director with the Phoenix Group, sitting on the Boards of its life subsidiaries as well as chairing the Investment Committee. He was previously on the Board of Just Retirement Limited, part of Just Group. Nick is a Non-Executive Director of Unum Limited and Unum European Holding Company Limited. Stuart Vann, Independent Non-Executive Director Chair Audit Committee (with effect from 27 October 2021) Stuart is a Non-Executive Director, with over two decades of executive experience within the General Insurance sector. A qualified accountant, he has an in-depth understanding of customer growth, innovation, brand, digital distribution, operations, data analysis and regulatory matters, having been until relatively recently the CEO of esure Group Pie. Stuart is currently a Non-Executive Director of British Gas Insurance Limited and British Gas Services Limited, Chairing the Remuneration and Audit Committees. He was also previously Chair of Gocompare.com the price comparison site, with involvement in the business via esure's ownership for 10 years. Michael (Mike) Simonds, Non-Executive Director (with effect from 2 December 2021) Mike, a Non-Executive Director, has been Chief Operating Officer with Unum Group since 2020, with responsibility for all US and International operations. He has worked in leadership roles with Unum since 1994, including President and CEO of Unum US, as well as Chief Operation Officer and Chief Marketing Officer for the business line. Mike's considerable experience, drawn from the much larger US employee benefits market, has added to the overall knowledge within the Board and his insightful participation as a NED will enrich its discussions and strengthen the Board.    Board activities In addition to matters referenced in the Company's Section 172 statement in the Strategic Report, the following matters are routinely considered by the Board. The Board also receive regular updates on the matters delegated to the Risk, Audit and Regulatory & Compliance committees: • Business strategy • Customers • Responsible Business, including ESG and climate change • Business plans • Service targets and supplier outsourcing arrangements • Capital and liquidity solvency position • Investment strategy • Risk appetite • Political, economic, legal, regulatory & competitor landscape • Emerging risks • Employee Wellbeing • Culture framework • Inclusion and Diversity • Dividends • Annual Report and Accounts • Solvency II and other regulatory reporting • Effectiveness of Internal Audit • Board effectiveness • Terms of Reference During 2021, the Board also considered:· • Covid-19 pandemic • Risk and governance • Independent external Board evaluation • Proposition Governance • CEO and Independent Non-Executive Director Appointment Board Effectiveness and Training The Board fosters a culture of openness and transparency with conversations both inside and outside of the Boardroom. The Chair holds regular meetings with other Non-Executive Directors without Executive Directors being present. The Independent External Board Evaluation, normally undertaken every three years, was concluded in early 2021 and, at its meeting in May, the Board welcomed its findings and approved the implementation of an action plan, most of which was completed during 2021.    The annual Board effectiveness and performance review process enable individual Directors to comment on the Board's performance. Directors attend structured induction training, and regular training thereafter, where access to and discussion with the leadership team is encouraged, to allow the directors to familiarise themselves with the business and current topics. Directors are not subject to annual re-election but attend regular training to ensure they remain suitably qualified to continue their role. 2021 Board and Committee meeting attendance I!:! • ! • :::,N C: 0 Q) ~ t-N "O ~ .....-CDC') o..,. al CD "E CD 0 al ca ~~ Q) C: Q)  0 0 ..,. CD :t:: - c - c. E &EE O a::(.)(.) Ql 0 Q) Q) Q) Q) :t:: :§ -~ :::l 0 <( (.) :t:: .E ~E .!!? 0 a:: (.) Number of meetings 9 4 7 7 Years Attended Attended Attended Attended Independent Non-Executive Directors Clifton Melvin (Chair) 7.4 9/9 4/4 717 717 Cheryl Black 7.4 9/9 4/4 717 7/7 Nick Poyntz-Wright 2.5 8/9 4/4 6/7 7/7 Malcolm McCaig (resigned effective 31 May 2021) 0.5 2/9 2/4 3/3 3/7 Stuart Vann Goined 1 June 2021; aooointed effective 27 Oct 2021) 0.6 7/9 2/4 5/5 5/7 Non-Executive Director Mike Simonds (appointed 2 Dec 2021) -----Executive Directors Peter O'Donnell (resigned effective 31 Mar 2021) 1/9 NA NA NA Mark Till (appointed 1 Apr 2021) 8/9 NA NA NA Jon Fletcher 9/9 NA NA NA *Independent Non-Executive Directors are typically expected to serve three three-year terms unless invited by the Board to serve for an additional period. There is no right to re-nomination by the Board, either annually or after any three-year period.
