   CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2021 During the year ended 31 December 2021 the Company continued to adopt the Wates Corporate Governance Principles for Large Private Companies (the "Wates Principles"). An explanation of how the Wates Principles have been applied by the Company during the year is given below: Principle 1 - Purpose and Leadership As explained in the Strategic report and the notes to the financial statements, the Company is a wholly-owned indirect subsidiary of Veolia Environnement S.A. and part of the Veolia Group of companies. It is the principal operating subsidiary within the UK&I group, which is a division of the Group based in the UK and Ireland, and involved in the provision of waste, water and energy services. Veolia Environnement S.A. is listed on Euronext Paris and as such is subject to extensive disclosure and corporate governance requirements. Its 2021 Registration Document and Annual Financial Report is available on its website (www.veolia.com). The UK&I group is led by the Senior Executive Vice-President for Northern Europe ("SEVP"), with the support of the Veolia UK&I Executive Committee, who are all senior executives within the UK&I group. The Executive Committee meets monthly and oversees the strategy and operation of the UK&I group. The overall purpose of the Group and the Company is encapsulated in the statement "Resourcing the World" and its ambition is to be the benchmark company for ecological transformation. The Group operates on a global basis and its purpose is to contribute to human progress by committing to the Sustainable Development Goals set by the United Nations to achieve a better and more sustainable future for all. It is with this aim in mind that the Group sets itself the task of "Resourcing the World" through its environmental services business. The Group has also set out five fundamental values which underpin its culture and performance: Responsibility, Solidarity, Respect, Innovation and Customer Focus. The Group's strategy {Impact 2023) covers: Preserving Resources (coming up with solutions that need fewer resources and using them more efficiently so we have minimal impact on the environment), Improving Access to Resources {bringing water and energy to cities, providing solutions to support industry and driving a more circular economy) and Replenishing Resources (innovating in waste recovery and recycling and improving efficiency for our customers). The UK&I group has extended the focus into 2022 on the three long-term aims defined in 2020, which seek to support the worldwide Veolia Group's Impact 2023 strategy. These long-term aims are as follows: People (to be a workplace with purpose where all people can grow and be safe), Customers (to be the environmental partner to help customers achieve their sustainability targets) and Sustainability (to grow sustainably by developing infrastructure and innovating for our planet's future). As outlined further below in the Streamlined Energy and Carbon Reporting Framework Regulations section of the Directors report, the UK&I group is committed to achieving Net Zero by 2050. These objectives are also underpinned by the global vision of 'Ecological Transformation'. On 30 September 2021 the UK&I group released its Carbon reduction plan, based on the Net Zero Strategy, in order to comply with the Procurement Policy Note (PPN) 60/21. Principle 2 - Board Composition During the year, the Board comprised six members of the Veolia UK&I Executive Committee, including the SEVP and the Chief Financial Officer for the UK & Ireland ("CFO UK&I"). Board meetings were typically chaired by the EVP UK&I or the CFO UK&I. At least two regular Board meetings per year are held jointly with board meetings of the principal holding companies within the UK&I group. Additional board meetings are held as required. The members of the Executive Committee have diverse backgrounds and experience and between them bring a range of expertise, skills and knowledge to the table which encompass the relevant business needs and stakeholder interests of the Company (including risk and assurance, operations, business development, supply chain, human resources, information systems and internal communication, legal and finance). During the year ended 31 December 2021 there were 12 members of the Executive Committee, of whom three are women.    Principle 2 - Board Composition (continued) Each member of the Executive Committee's performance is reviewed regularly by his or her respective line manager. Although the Company has no non-executive directors, the board of its immediate parent, Veolia Environmental Services (UK) Limited, includes a representative of Veolia Environnement S.A. who provides challenge to the UK&I group executive management. More broadly, the UK&I group, including the Executive Committee, is subject to ongoing scrutiny and challenge by Veolia Environnement S.A., by virtue of its position within the Group. Principle 3 - Director Responsibilities Overall oversight and responsibility is maintained by the Board, while day-to-day management and decision making are carried out by the Executive Committee. In order to support effective decision making, members of the Executive Committee receive regular information on key aspects of the business, including health and safety and financial performance. In addition to the Executive Committee, an Investment Committee, an Audit Committee (which focuses particularly on compliance issues) and a Risk Committee are in place for the UK&I group as a whole, all of which comprise members of the Executive Committee and other senior executives. The policies and procedures of the UK&I group are contained within a Business Management System to which all staff have access. The Delegation of Authority policy sets out which directors and employees are empowered to enter into commitments of different types and levels on behalf of corporate entities within the UK&I group and when Investment Committee approval is required. Conflicts of interest are managed under the Anti-bribery and Corruption policy under the oversight of the UK&I group Chief Compliance Officer. The integrity of financial information and systems is overseen by the UK&I group's internal controls function, which reports to the CFO UK&I. The internal controls team works with the finance, HR, payroll and business systems teams to develop appropriate controls and monitoring to reduce exposure of the UK&I group to fraud, error and omission and to maintain the integrity of its reported results. In addition, the Group internal audit department carries out internal audits of various parts of the UK&I business. Principle 4 - Opportunity and Risk Future opportunities and growth are a key area of focus for the Executive Committee and for the UK&I group more generally, as explained above under Principle 1. The UK&I group Risk Committee meets three times per year and provides regular reports to the Executive Committee. The Risk Committee oversees the identification of strategic and emerging risks facing the UK&I group and also monitors mitigating measures that are taken in response. A strategic risk register is maintained and reviewed at Risk Committee meetings and, on an annual basis, by the Executive Committee. Information on the principal risks and uncertainties inherent in the Company's business are referred to in the Strategic report. Risks and opportunities relating to existing business, including specific contractual risks, are reviewed regularly on a per business line basis as part of monthly business reviews led by the SEVP and the CFO UK&I. As mentioned above, risks and opportunities relating to new business are subject to an Investment Committee review process. Principle 5 - Remuneration Remuneration for all employees is based on a grading system to ensure fairness, and benchmarking is undertaken to ensure that appropriate external comparisons can be drawn. Senior managers are all graded on the basis of a Group-wide system and their remuneration includes a performance-related element based on health and safety performance, financial performance and performance against corporate objectives. Executive Committee level remuneration is aligned with the Group approach and is based on delivery of the Group's purpose. It is reviewed with input from Group senior management on behalf of the ultimate parent company.    Principle 5 - Remuneration (continued) The UK&I group publishes a gender pay gap report annually. The 2021 report shows a small negative mean gender pay gap, which means that female employees are paid more on average than male employees. The UK&I group remains in a strong position for its sector, which employs predominantly males. More generally, the UK&I group embraces the employment of individuals from diverse backgrounds and values the contribution that all employees make to the provision of services by the UK&I group to customers and to the public. In 2021 the UK&I group launched an ambitious Inclusion Strategy focussing on five key areas: Attraction and Selection; Awareness and Upskilling; Communications; Customers; and Development. Principle 6 - Stakeholders The UK&I group fosters stakeholder relationships in line with its position as a leader in the waste and recycling sector and its broader purpose of "Resourcing the world", with a particular emphasis on promoting the circular economy as part of the Group's global vision of ecological transformation. By taking a leading role in resource efficiency, the UK&I group is using innovation to advance sustainability for businesses and the public sector. The Company's key stakeholders include customers, suppliers, local communities, regulators, employees and pensioners, as well as Veolia Environnement S.A. as the ultimate shareholder. For further details of the Company's interactions with its key stakeholders, including promotion of the circular economy, refer to the Section 172(1) Statement within the Strategic report. The UK&I group ensures engagement with its sizeable workforce through various channels, including periodic engagement surveys and regular site visits by members of the Executive Committee. There is also ongoing dialogue with relevant Trade Unions, including through a Joint Trade Union Forum which meets regularly. Workforce policies and practices are aligned with the UK&I group's purpose and values and employees are encouraged to report concerns as to any wrongdoing in the workplace under the Whistleblowing policy.
