   Corporate Governance Overview The Board is responsible for the long term sustainable success of the Group. To achieve this, the Board leads and provides direction for the Leadership Team by setting our strategy. Its role includes overseeing strategic decision making, scrutinising the performance of its management in meeting the goals set by the Board and taking a proactive role in monitoring the performance of the Group as a whole. The Board convenes regularly so that management can update the Board on the Group's performance. In addition, the Purpose and Leadership,.stakeholder engagement Executive Directors have regular. meetings with representatives of both shareholders as well as with their Board representatives. Governance Code For the year ended 31 December 2021, under The Companies (Miscellaneous Reporting) Regulations 2019, we have applied the Wates Corporate Governance Principles for Large Private Companies ("Wates Principles"). We have adopted the Wates Principles as an appropriate framework for our corporate governance arrangements which are set out in more detail in various sections of this Report. Its key principles are reviewed the table below. Opportunities and Risks; Remuneration in Purpose and Leadership Our corporate vision, values and strategy are described throughout this Annual Report and set out in detail in the Chairperson's statement and the CEO Review. The Group purpose is 'Everyone can take on the World' - reflecting both our business activities and our corporate culture of inclusivity, activism and challenger spirit which has defined Virgin Atlantic throughout its existence .. Strategy The Board has provided ongoing support to the Leadership Team throughout the year, in the response to the Covid-19 pandemic and in particular in the raising of finance for the Group. Stakeholders The Board is responsible for overseeing meaningful engagement with stakeholders including the workforce, having regard to their views when taking decisions. See page 24 for a summary of our stakeholder engagement. Risk The Board's role is to ensure the long-term sustainable success of the Group, whilst maintaining oversight for the identification and mitigation of risk. Risk categories are aligned around central topics which include safety, security, sustainability and liquidity. These are explained fully on pages 56-70. The Board is updated twice a year on the management of existing and emerging risks. Remuneration The Board promotes executive remuneration structures aligned to the achievement of KPls required to deliver the long term sustainable success of the Group. Metrics which define executive director remuneration are closely aligned to key milestones and performance targets which are linked to the Group's strategy. These do not differ significantly from those of the wider Leadership Team.    Board Composition _____ _ The Board of Directors comprises seven Non Executive Directors and two Executive Directors. Four of the Non Executive Directors are appointed by Virgin Group (51% shareholder), and three Non Executive Directors are appointed by Delta Air Lines, Inc. (49% shareholder). As set out in the company's Articles. identified Non Executive Directors can act as Alternates for certain Non Executive Directors. As at 31 December 2021, the two Executive Directors were the Chief Executive Officer and the Chief Customer & Operating Officer. In addition, the Chief Commercial Officer and Chief Financial Officer each act as Alternate Director to the two Executive Directors. All four are full-time employees of the Group. Board Composition and Skills Our _Boardcomposition reflects the concentrateq shareholding structure of the company and does not include an identified independent director. The assessed skillset of the Board (see table below) is felt to be sufficiently broad and deep, encompassing senior experience from across a wide range of industries and disciplines. The Board believes that when combined with the Leadership team, this creates a group which has diversity, with varied and balanced experience and skills that are highly relevant to the Group's needs and challenges. This has served the Group well in the development and scrutiny of our strategic decision making and performance. Directors' Responsibilities Composition The composition subcommittees of the Board is set out above and its are set out on pages 74-75. Responsibilities The Board and individual directors have a clear understanding of their accountability and responsibilities (see page 79). These are underpinned by policies and procedures. Skills The Board benefits from the significant experience of its members across a broad range of industries and disciplines. The Board representation during 2021 across five selected areas of particular importance, having identified those members who have held particular positions of significant relevant responsibility is as follows: Strategy - 100% Financial - 75% Airlines - 100% Customer - 75% Technology - 42% Areas of Focus In 2021, 16 board meetings were held (2020: 30 meetings) providing support. review and challenge in a number of areas, in particular: • Safety and security of our people and customers through the Covid-19 pandemic • Financing options for the Group and in particularly in securing the £400m shareholder investment • The Group's strategic and route planning response to global travel restrictions;    Corporate Governance continued Audit C(?mmi~tee -Role of the Committee The Audit Committee is responsible for: the appropriateness of accounting policies; ongoing compliance with accounting standards; and the adequacy and effectiveness of internal reporting and control systems. It also oversees the scope of the external and internal audit plans and the role of the Auditor. Key responsibilities • The approval of the Group's annual consolidated financial statements, including the appropriateness of accounting policies, compliance with accounting standards and material matters such as contingent liabilities; • The scope of work for external audit, actions required as a result of the Auditors' findings and conclusions, the Auditors' remuneration and the reappointment or replacement of the Auditors; and • The adequacy and effectiveness of the Group's internal systems concerning reporting and control; including ensuring that the internal audit function is adequately resourced, has appropriate standing within the Company with a primary reporting line to the Chairperson of the Audit Committee, and to review and approve internal audit plans of activity. The Committee meets a minimum of three times a year and receives regular updates on the audit programme from the Group Head of Internal Audit. It meets with the Group Head of Internal Audit and the external auditors without Management present at least once a year. Members of the Committee The Audit Committee comprises two Virgin appointed Non Executive Directors and two Delta appointed Non Executive Directors. As at 31 December 2021 the Committee members were Gordon Mccallum (Chairperson), Peter Norris, Glen Hauenstein and Alain Bellemare. In accordancewith unified brand ambitions.VirginHolidaysLimited shallbe trading as Virgin Atlantic Holidays. 1 Virgin Atlantic Annual Report 2021 74 Remuneration Committe~ Role of the Committee The Remuneration Committee is responsible for making recommendations to the Board on the remuneration and other benefits of senior management employed by the Company. The Committee also oversees the introduction and amendment of any long or short term incentive plans. Key responsibilities • The setting and monitoring of a fair and appropriate remuneration policy and its application for senior management; • To ensure that policies, plan designs and reward decisions align with business strategy, are well cost governed and support sustainable business performance; and • To balance the needs of Executive and shareholder interests and to ensure alignment of reward policies with the Executive talent management strategy. Members of the Renumeration Committee The Remuneration Committee is made up of two Virgin appointed Non Executive Directors and two Delta appointed Non Executive Directors. As at 31 December 2021 the Committee members were Peter Norris (Chairperson), Luigi Brambilla, Ed Bastian and Alain Bellemare. Safety and Security Review Board Role of the Virgin Atlantic Safety and Security Review Board The Safety and Security Review· Board is responsible for: monitoring, improving and constantly enhancing safety and security management, including cyber security across the airline and Virgin Atlantic Holidays'. Key responsibilities • Setting the strategy and dealing with high level issues in relation to policies, resource allocation and safety and security performance monitoring. • Proactively reviewing data and encouraging continuous improvement, to ensure the highest stan·dards of safety and· security assurance is maintained for our people and customers.    ~ Monitorin~ the effectiveness of the Group's safety supervision processes including oversight of subcontracted operations. • Promotion of an open and honest reporting and discussion forum, to enable the airline to learn from both internal and industry incidents. . _-Ensuring that the Group continues to adopt and makes use of effective industry recognised risk management principles, to evaluate safety and security risks though a transparent risk management framework. Checking to ensure the business develops, maintains, reviews and tests its emergency response, threat management and resilience plans on a regular basis. • Providing the Board with regular updates and reports from both the Safety and Security Review Board and the Independent Chair in relation to airworthiness, safety and security standards and operations. Members of the Safety and Security Review Board The Safety and Security Review Board is owned and led by Virgin Atlantic's Accountable Manager and primary Post Holder and is chaired by an independent third-party advisor to the Board. It is supported by Virgin Atlantic's Nominated Post Holders and Safety and Security specialists across the Group. Information Security Board Role of the Virgin Atlantic Information Security Board (ISB) Role of the Virgin Atlantic Information Security Board (ISB) The Information Security Board is responsible for information security oversight across the Group. As at 31 December 2021 the independent Chair was Stephen Head and the Executive Board member was Cornelis Koster. Key responsibilities Setting strategy and providing an oversight of the Group's practices and policies concerning confidentiality, integrity and availability of information. • Setting strategy and proyiding an o_versight_ofthe Group's practices and policies concerning confidentiality, integrity and availability of information. • Providing an oversight of the Group's practices and policies relating to the protection of the Group's technology infrastructure and applications against cyber security risks; • Providing an oversight of the Groups practices and policies relating to data protection; and • Providing an oversight of the Group's practices and policies relating to the protection of physical assets used to process information. The ISB brings together key stakeholders that can provide oversight, governance and informed decision-making to ensure: • Information security risks are effectively and strategically managed; • Plans are in place to manage all aspects of a serious information security incident; • Monitoring of information security regulations, such as GDPR, PCI, NISD and CAP 1753;and • Oversight of cyber incidents or risks which may have safety . implications with potential impact on Corporate or Aviation Safety The Board receives regular updates and reports from the ISB and its Independent Chair. Members of the Information Security Board The Information Security Board is sponsored by the Chief Executive Officer and chaired by an independent third party advisor to the Board. Its other members comprise an Executive Board member and our Chief Digital and Marketing Officer. It is supported by representatives from the Leadership and technology teams.
