   Governance Code For the year ended 31 December 2021, under The Companies (Miscellaneous Reporting) Regulations 2019, we have applied the Wates Corporate Governance Principles for Large Private Companies ("Wates Principles"). We have adopted the Wates Principles as an appropriate framework for our corporate governance arrangements which are set out in more detail in various sections of this Report. Its key principles are reviewed in the table below. Purpose and Leadership stakeholder engagement Opportunities and Risks· Remuneration . Purpose and Leadership Our corporate vision, values and strategy are described throughout this Annual Report and set out in detail in the Chairperson's statement and the Chief Executive Officer's report. The Group purpose is 'Everyone can take on the World' - reflecting both our business activities and our corporate culture of inclusivity, activism and challenger spirit which has defined Virgin Atlantic throughout its existence. Stakeholders The Board is responsible for overseeing meaningful engagement with stakeholders including the workforce, and having regard to their views when taking decisions. See page 8 for a summary of our stakeholder engagement. By order of the Board Julian Homerstone, Company Secretary 25 March 2022 Registered number: 0886778 l Registered Office: Company Secretariat The VHQ, Fleming Way Crawley, West Sussex RHl0 9DF 9 Strategy The Board has provided ongoing support to the Leadership Team throughout the year, in the response to the ongoing Covid-19 pandemic and in partic1,1larin the raising of finance for the Group. Risk The Board's role is to ensure the long-term success of the Group, whilst maintaining oversight for the identification and mitigation of risk. Risk categories are aligned around central topics which include safety, security, sustainability and liquidity. See principle risks and uncertainties in the strategic report on page 6. The board is updated twice a year on the twice a year on the management of existing and emerging risks. Remuneration The Board promotes executive remuneration structures aligned to the achievement of KPls required to deliver the long term sustainable success of the Group. Metrics which define executive director remuneration are closely aligned to key milestones and performance targets which are linked to the Group's strategy. These do not dif    er significantly from those of the wider Leadership Team.
