   GOVERNANCESTATEMENT The Board adopted the WatesCorporateGovernancePrinciples as its corporategovernancecode for financialyear 2020/21. The compositionof the Board is described in the s.172 Statement. The s.172 Statementalso sets out the importantlong term considerationsthat direct the Board's overall thinking. fn relation to how the Board of Directorshas had regard to the Wates Principles,the followingexplanationsapply: WATESPRINCIPLE APPLICATION Purpose and leadership The Directorshave endorsed a clear set of values for the business:(i) family; (ii) ambition;(iii) responsibility;(iv) quality and (v) care. All of thesevaluescombined are intendedto help the Company to become Britain's best food business(which is the Company's vision). These values are clearly articulatedto all employeesand form the bedrock of the Company's culture. The Companywants to remain, and build on, its positionas Britain's largest branded wrappedbakery company. The Boardis focussedon ensuring that the Companycontinuesto offer excellentservice to its customers,offers products of the best quality and operates a manufacturing and distributionbase that is capable of meeting the future needs of its customers. The executive leadership team also have a clear set of metrics to monitor the Company's progresstowards becoming Britain's best food businessand achieving the Company's strategicobjectives. Board composition The Board is comprisedof family directors and executivedirectorsas described in the s.172 Statement. Whilstthere have been no non-executivedirectorsfor some of financialyear 2020/21,the intention of the Board is that an additonalnon-executive directors will be appointed during the early part of 2022. Andrew Higginsonwas appointedas a non-executivedirector in December2021. Togetherthe family directors have almost I00 years of combinedexperiencewith the Company and its development over time. The Board also has considerable collectiveexperiencegained outside of the Companythroughpreviousemployment with fast moving consumer goods companies and a variety of non-executive positions. The role of Chairman is separate to that of the ManagingDirectorof the Company. The Board will have due regard to the importanceof diversity when filling any vacant independentnon-executivedirector positionsto ensure that the Boardhas the right blendof experience, background,skillsand knowledgeto ensure that Board can operateeffectively. The Board does not operate by way of separate sub-committees. All matters in relation to audit and assurance, board composition,strategicconsiderationsand all similar topics are addressedat the full Board. This ensuresthat all membersof the Board are fully and actively engaged on all mattersof importanceto the long term successof the Company. The Board has access to the GeneralCounsel& Company Secretaryfor supportand advice on their duties and legalresponsibilities. Director responsibilities The Board has dischargedits responsibilitiesin the mannerdescribedin the s.172 statement. The Board manages its agenda to ensure it addressesand dischargesits statutory duties. This includes settinGthe strategicdirection of the Companyand monitoringand reviewing all matters related to financial performance(including capital investments), key project delivery, health & safety, food quality and employeeengagement. There are clear processesin place to ensure key decisions related to the strategicdirection of the business and its financialcommitmentsare addressedat Boardlevel.    During the course of the year, the Boardadoptedits meetingfrequencyand content to ensurethat: • o o o Sufficienttime and attentioncould be given to addressthe risks (and associatedactions)raised by Covid-19; The agendawas flexibleenoughto accommodatevirtualmeetings; The Board could be responsiveto the rapidlychangingenvironment raised by Covid-19. In line with good corporategovernance,the Board agreed to Deloitteas its auditor for the audit of financialyear 2020/21. Opportunity and risk The Bonrd reviews and approvesthe list of principalrisks before they are finally published in the annual report nnd accounts. The full Board also meets with the external auditors to review their pe1fo1manceand 10 discuss with them the effectivenessof the systemof internalcontrol. The Boarddelegatesday to day risk managementto the executiveleadershipteam.This teammeetson a regularbasis to consider the Company's key risks and the associatedmanagementcontrols. The Board also considerskey risks when reviewingthe opportunitiesavailableto it in relation to new initiatives, capital investments,its commercialstrategy, budget planningand associatedprojects.• Remuneration In relationto key executiveremuneration,this is addressedby the familydirectors of the Company through the Family Forum (which is a meeting that considers, amongstotherthings,the rewardpackagesavailableto seniormanagers,shareholder considerationsand non-executivedirectorappointments). When makingdecisions in relation to remuneration,the family directorstake accountof relevantexternal benchmarks(whereappropriate),individualperformanceand the appropriateshort and long term incentivesavailableto senioremployeesof the Companyto ensure it is able to attract and retain the best talent. As part of its efforts to ensure a shared sense of purpose,the Companyoperates a schemeof profit related pay wherea fixed percentageof operatingprofit is shared with all employees (regardlessof the level of operating profit achieved). This schemehas been in place for more than 40 years and togetherwith the Company's award winningpensionschemeare part of the overallremunerationpackagewhich th~ Boardbelievesassist with the Companybeing an employerof choice. Stakeh'olders The Boardreceivesfeedbackfrom the extensiveemployeeengagementprogramme that takesplace includingsurveys,newsletters,the Company'sJAM systemused for employeecommunicationand the direct feedbackdirectorsreceive from site visits and board presentations. The Companyalso operatesa whistleblowinghelpline which allows employeesto raise matters of concern. Membersof the Board also participatein the Company'sannual employeerecognitionand award event.. The Board also engageswith, and takes accountof, the views of relevant trade unions (including the United Road Transport Union and the Bakers, Food and Allied WorkersUnion). The Board actively engageswith the Trusteesof the WarburtonsLimitedPension and Life AssurancePlan (which is a fundeddefinedbenefitpension scheme). The Board is mindful of the importanceof securing the benefits of members and of collaboratingwith the trusteesof the pensionplan to ensurethe schemecan achieve its long term fundinggoals. The directors have given careful considerationto supplier attitudes (particularly when undertakine.stratee.icoroiects)and remlarlv considercustomerdevelooments 8    and feedback when setting and reviewing its financial perfonnance, strategy and future projects. The Board also places particular emphasis on the importance of community engagement(in particular through its "Families Matter" communityprogrammes). Full details of these programmes are updated on the Company's website at www.warburtons.co.uk.
