   GOVERNANCESTATEMENT The Board adoptedthe Wates CorporateGovernancePrinciplesas its corporategovemoncecode for financialyear 2020/2l. The compositionof the Board is describedin the s.172 Statement. The s.172 Statementalso sets out the importantlong tem1considerationsthat direct the Board's overallthinking. fn relationto how the Boardof Directorshas had regard to the WatesPrinciples,the followingexplanutionsapply: WATESPRINCIPLE APPLICATION Purpose and leadership The Directorshave endorseda clear set of values for the business:(i) family; (ii) ambition;(iii) responsibility;(iv) qualityand (v) care. All of these valuescombined are intendedto help the Companyto becomeBritain's best food business(which is the Company'svision). These values are clearly articulatedto all employeesand fonn the bedrockof the Company's culture. The Companywants to remain, and build on, its position as Britain's largest branded wrappedbakery company. The Board is focussedon ensuringthat the Companycontinuesto offer excellentservice to its customers,offers productsof the best quality and operatesa manufacturing and distributionbase that is capable of meeting the future needs of its customers. The executive leadership team also have a clear set of metrics to monitor the Company'sprogresstowardsbecomingBritain's best food businessand achieving the Company'sstrategicobjectives. Board composition The Board-iscomprisedoffamily directorsas describedin the s.172 Statement. Togetherthe familydirectorshave almost I00 years of combinedexperiencewith the Companyand its developmentover time. The Board also has considerable collectiveexperiencegainedoutsideof the Companythroughpreviousemployment with fast moving consumer goods companies and a variety of non-executive positions. The role of Chainnan is separateto that of the ManagingDirectorof the Company. The Board will have due regard to the importanceof diversitywhen filling any vacant independentnon-executivedin:clor positionsto ensure that the Boardhas the rightblend of experience,background,skillsand knowledgeto ensure that Boardcan operateeffectively. The Board does not operate by way of separate sub-committees. All matters in relation to audit and assurance,board composition,strategicconsiderationsand all similar topicsare addressedal the full Board. This ensuresthat all.membersof the Board are fully and activelyengagedon all matters of importanceto the long term successofthe Company. The Boardhas access to the GeneralCounsel& Company Secretaryfor supportand adviceon their duties and legal responsibilities. Director responsibilities The Board has dischargedits responsibilitiesin the mannerdescribedin the s.172 statement. The Board managesits agendato ensure it addressesand dischargesits statutoryduties. This includessetting the strategic directionof the Companyand monitoringand reviewingall matters related to financialperformance(including capital investments),key project delivery, health & safety, food quality and employeeengagement. There are clear processes in place to ensure key decisions related to the strategicdirectionof the businessand its financialcommitmentsare addressedat Board level. Duringthe courseof the year, the Board adapted its meetingfrequencyand content . to ensurethat: o • Sufficienttime and atte_ntioncould be given to addressthe risks(and associatedactions)raisedby Covid-19; The agendawas flexibleenoughto accommodatevirtualmeetinizs:    0 The Board could be responsiveto the rapidlychangingenvironment raised by Covid-19. ln linewith good corporategovernance,the Boardagreed to Deloitteas its auditor for the audit of financialyear 2020/21. Opportunity and risk The Board reviews and approves the list of principal risks before they are finally published in the annual report and accounts. The full Board also meets with the external auditors to review their performance and to discuss with them the effectivenessof the system of internal control. The Boarddelegatesday to day risk managementlo the executive leadershipteam. This team meetson a regularbasis to consider the Company's key risks and the associated managementcontrols. The Board also considerskey risks when reviewing the opportunitiesavailableto it in relation to new initiatives, capital investments, its commercial strategy, budget planningand associatedprojects, In relationto key executiveremuneration, this is addressedby the familydirectors Remuneration In relationto key executiveremuneration, this is addressedby the familydirectors of the Company through the Family Forum (which is a meeting that considers, amongstother things,the reward packages availableto seniormanagers,shareholder considerationsand non-executivedirector appointments). When makingdecisions in relationto remuneration,the family directors take account of relevantexternal benchmarks(where appropriate), individual performanceand the appropriateshort and long term incentivesavailable to senior employeesof the Companyto ensure it is able to attract and retain the best talent. As part of its efforts to ensure a shared sense of purpose,the Companyoperates a schemeof profit related pay where a fixed percentageof operatingprofit is shared with all employees (regardless of the level of operating profit achieved). This schemehas been in place for more than 40 years and togetherwith the Company's award winningpension scheme are part of the overallremunerationpackagewhich the Boardbelievesassist with the Company being an employerof choice. Stakeholders The Boardreceives feedback from the extensive employeeengagementprogramme that takesplace includingsurveys, newsletters,the Company'sJAM systemused for employeecommunicationand the direct feedback directorsreceive from site visits and board presentations. The Company also operates a whistleblowinghelpline which allows employees to raise matters of concern. Membersof the Board also participatein the Company's annual employee recognitionand award event.. The Board also engageswith, and takes account of, the views of relevant trade unions (including the United Road Transport Union and the Bakers, Food and Allied WorkersUnion). The Board actively engages with the Trustees of the WarburtonsLimitedPension and Life AssurancePlan (which is a funded defined benefitpension scheme). The Board is mindful of the importance of securing the benefits of membersand of collaboratingwith the trustees of the pension plan to ensure the schemecan achieve its longterm fundinggoals. The directors have given careful consideration to supplier attitudes (particularly when undertakingstrategicprojects) and regularly considercustomerdevelopments · and feedback when setting and reviewing its financialperformance,strategy and futureprojects. The Board also places particular emphasis on the importance of community engagement(in particularthrough its "Families Matter"communityprogrammes). Full details of these programmes are updated on the Company's website at www.warburtons.co.uk.
