   Corporate governance report For the year ended 31 December 2021, under The Companies (Miscellaneous Reporting) Regulations 2019, the Company has applied the Wates Corporate Governance Principles for Large Private Companies (published by the Financial Reporting Council ('FRC') in December 2019 and available on the FRCwebsite). The following paragraphs summarise how the Group has applied the principles over the past year. The Group's website contains further supporting information on the Wates Principles (www.wates.co.uk/who-we-are/corporate-governance/). Principle 1- Purpose and leadership The Group uses a Guiding Framework to define its purpose, goals and behaviours. Wates' purpose is, together, to inspire better ways of creating the places, communities and businessesof tomorrow. By ensuring that this purpose is at the heart of everything the Group does, Wates will build a reputation as a truly progressive, trusted and sustainable business. Wates believes that how it does business is as important as what it does. The behaviours that are expected of all Group employees are summarised in the Guiding Framework and require everyone to demonstrate in their everyday decisions, language and actions that they care, are fair and always look for a better way to perform. During 2021,the Board focused on the five priorities that comprise the Group's 'Performance Wheel'. The five priorities define the areas in which the Group must perform well in order to achieve the goals that are set out in the Guiding Framework. The five priorities are: safety, sustainability, diversity and inclusion, IMAGE REMOVED IMAGE REMOVED quality and profitability. (See Strategy report on page 10for further details). In 2019a new diversity and inclusion plan was introduced which defined the targets for the Group and explained the type of organisation that it wanted to become. In 2020, the Group announced a new suite of industry-leading Family Leave policies. More than 200 employees have made use of these benefits since they were introduced. In October 2021,the Group celebrated its second 'Inclusion Month', which encouraged an organisation-wide conversation on inclusion and helped raise awareness of the everyday actions that help and hinder inclusion. More than 1,100employees took part in these events throughout the month. Also in 2021,the Group formalized a set of Flexible Working Principles, which focus on rethinking where, when and how work can be done in a way that maintains or improves delivery for our customers, while also improving the lives and r.areers of employees. For information on how the Board engages with employees and considers their views see page 79 of the Section 172Companies Act 2006 report. As defined in the Group's diversity and inclusion plan, Wates is committed to having a workforce that more accurately reflects society and, despite disruption    Principle2 - Board composition The Board comprises a Chairman, whose The most recent independent formal caused by the pandemic, it is making responsibilities encompass leading and effectiveness review of the Board took progress against the challenging targets managing the Board, ensuring its place in 2019.The review assessedthat it set to achieve by 2025: the Board was competent and well run effectiveness and the quality of its - 40% Female(2021:29%,2020:28%) governance, and making sure that the and could become even more effective - 20%BAME(2021:13%,2020:11%) family's values are reflected in the by clearly aligning its agenda to strategic - 3%Disability(2021:3%,2020:2%) purpose, goals and behaviours of the development and by engaging the Group. Together with the Chief Executive whole Board more routinely in the active - 5%LGBTQ+(2021:2%,2020:2%) he ensures that the balance of management of investor relations. The Group has also launched an responsibilities, accountabilities and The Board has been mindful of these Anti-Bullying and Harassment policy, decision-making across the Group are findings during the year as it continued introduced a Reverse Mentoring maintained effectively. They are to respond to the pandemic. programme pairing white senior leaders augmented by a Chief Financial Officer, A biography for each Board director with colleagues from under-represented the Executive Managing Director of the can be found on the Group's website ethnicities, and introduced a pilot project Wates Construction Group, three www.wates.co.uk/who-we-are/ and to debias the recruitment process. These independent non-executives and four on pages 60 to 63. changesare designed to help attract and family members (excluding the Chairman). develop talented candidates from a Independent non-executive directors much wider and more diverse range of bring experience in property personal and professional backgrounds. development, engineering, finance and This is expected to lead to performance audit, in addition to perspectives and improvements and to help close the challenge from outside the sectors in Group's gender pay gap. which the Group operates. The size (eleven members in total) and As part of the Group's drive to become composition of the Board is appropriate more sustainable, the Group has set for a Group with turnover of £1.5bn, stretching environmental sustainability operating in five complementary market targets. These are discussed in detail sectors and is comparable to the Boards within the Sustainability Report on of similar listed businesses. page 40. The Group has also evidenced its commitment to becoming more In 2021,the Board considered the sustainable by being an early adopter requirement to have detailed succession of the reporting requirements of the plans in place both for the Board and Task-Forcefor Climate-related Financial other members of senior management. Disclosures (TCFD)- see page 52. The The directors acknowledge that there is a Group engaged external consultants relative lack of diversity on the Board, to help define how it will meet its particularly in the context of the diversity sustainability targets. and inclusion targets that were approved Delivering social value is intrinsic to the by the Board in 2019.The Board is Group's purpose and to its goal of being committed to developing a more diverse a progressive and responsible employer. workforce, including at the most senior By considering social value in its business levels and it has demonstrated this decisions, including the way it employs commitment this year by endorsing the staff, engages with communities and buys CBI Change the Race Ratio campaign, products and services, it can cultivate a which includes a drive to increase ethnic more sustainable and inclusive society, and racial diversity and inclusion among demonstrating that good business done the boardrooms and senior leadership of well can be a powerful force for good. businesses. For further information on the Group's progress in this area, see the Social value report on page 43. The Board comprises a Chairman, whose responsibilities encompass leading and managing the Board, ensuring its effectiveness and the quality of its governance, and making sure that the family's values are reflected in the purpose, goals and behaviours of the Group. Together with the Chief Executive he ensures that the balance of responsibilities, accountabilities and decision-making across the Group are maintained effectively. They are augmented by a Chief Financial Officer, the Executive Managing Director of the Wates Construction Group, three independent non-executives and four family members (excluding the Chairman). Independent non-executive directors bring experience in property development, engineering, finance and audit, in addition to perspectives and challenge from outside the sectors in which the Group operates. The size (eleven members in total) and composition of the Board is appropriate for a Group with turnover of £1.5bn, operating in five complementary market sectors and is comparable to the Boards of similar listed businesses. In 2021,the Board considered the requirement to have detailed succession plans in place both for the Board and other members of senior management. The directors acknowledge that there is a relative lack of diversity on the Board, particularly in the context of the diversity and inclusion targets that were approved by the Board in 2019.The Board is committed to developing a more diverse workforce, including at the most senior levels and it has demonstrated this commitment this year by endorsing the CBI Change the Race Ratio campaign, which includes a drive to increase ethnic and racial diversity and inclusion among the boardrooms and senior leadership of businesses. The m    Principle 3 -Director responsibilities The Board has a programme of six principal meetings every year, plus an additional day for strategic planning. As part of every Group Board meeting, the governance of the Group is included as a standing agenda item. The Board's key areas of focus in 2021are noted in the Section 172Companies Act 2006 report on pages 78 to 82. The Board receives regular and timely information on all key aspects of the business including on health and safety, risks and opportunities, the financial performance of the business, strategy, operational matters, market conditions and sustainability. These are all supported by Key Performance Indicators (KPls). The Board approves an updated strategic plan for at least the next 3 years on an annual basis. For details of the output of the strategic plan see the Section 172 Companies Act statement on page 78. The Board completed the 2020 valuation negotiations with Pension Trustees and continues to be consulted in respect of the pension fund investment strategy. It has also signed off the Modern Slavery Statement, the Tax Strategy Annual Statement and the ongoing discussions with the Group's lenders about the renewal of the Group's Revolving Credit Facility (which expires in March 2023). To support good governance, the Audit Committee regularly reviews the relationship with the external auditors and has a policy that, at least every ten years, the external audit will be considered for re-tender. The Group commenced a tender process in 2019 that resulted in BOO LLP becoming the statutory auditors. Principle 4 -Opportunity and risk The Board seeks out opportunity whilst mitigating risk. The Group's key operational risks and mitigations are outlined in the Strategic report (and are noted as 'Principal risks') on pages 68 to 73. The Board also considers all major projects (defined by their value and risk profile) and approves them before any bids are finalised. The identification and management of risk is the responsibility of the Executive Committee. Day-to-day risks are managed by the Business Unit Boards and then consolidated and reported through the Executive Committee to the Group Board. The Executive Committee (as delegated by the Board) considers risks as part of the day-to-day management of the business. In 2021.there has been particular focus on the potential risk to the Group's current and future performance caused by cost inflation and constraints on the availability of labour, products and materials. The Board reviewed the management team's response to inflation, across all its businiHiS, and the potential impact on future performance. The Board was satisfied that the management team have the appropriate strategies in place to mitigate any material risk to the Group's performance in future years, although this will continue to be monitored closely throughout 2022. Other new specific areas of focus have included the scope and potential risks of the Residential Property Developer Tax and the impact of the upcoming Building Safety Bill and related matters. The introduction of the Wates Corporate Governance Principles for Large Private Companies highlighted a need for the Executive Committee to focus on opportunities as well as risks and this has now been incorporated into the monthly Committee meetings. Some of the opportunities that have been considered include leveraging the Group's position as a trusted partner on a number of public and private sector frameworks, additional investment opportunities (asdiscussed within the Section 172Companies Act Statement on page 78) and maximising the integration of the Group's project and contract delivery capabilities. The Committee is also considering the potential impact of the Group's diversity and inclusion, social value and carbon reduction plans.    Principle5 - Remuneration The Group aims to have remuneration polices which are fair and meritocratic. The structure and level of remuneration is set to enable the Group to attract and retain the best employees and motivate high performance at all levels in the organisation. The start of 2021was characterised by an unusually high level of economic uncertainty. In response, the Board implemented new incentive arrangements for all employees specifically for 2021. These arrangements provided employees with protection against a potential drop in profitability and with lower-than-normal targets in exchange for a reduction in payments for 'on target' performance. The Board approved pay-rises in April 2021,having not done so during 2020. No bonuses were paid in April 2021in respect of 2020 performance. The Group's performance in 2021returned to pre-pandemic levels and this has allowed the Board to approve a return to pre-pandemic incentive arrangements for 2022. The Board has also approved pay-rises from April 2022. In 2021,the focus has been on a change to the Group's future incentive arrangements for all employees. The new arrangement. a profit-share scheme, will be implemented with a phased approach over the next two years and will ensure that all employees are aligned with the shareholders' objectives of delivering a sustainable, more profitable business whilst being more diverse and inclusive. The Group continues to publish its gender pay reporting externally. At S April 2020, the median gender pay gap, across all Wates Group employees, was 32.9%. The COVID-19 pandemic had a significant impact on the Group's pay practices in the second quarter of 2020 and a significant number of employees were excluded from the data as they were furloughed at the snapshot date. The diversity and inclusion plan includes changes that should lead to improvements in the gender pay gap, and the Group intends to publish its 2021report around the end of March 2022. Principle6 - Stakeholders The Board is clear that good governance and effective communication are essential if the business is to fulfil its purpose and protect its brand, reputation and relationships with stakeholders, which include shareholders, customers. employees, suppliers, financial institutions, and the wider communities in which it works. The health and safety of the Group's employees and other stakeholders remains its number one priority and the directors review the performance in this area at each scheduled meeting. The Board's commitment to creating a sustainable zero-harm working environment has resulted in an industry-leading performance for five consecutive years. For further information see the Sustainability Report on page 40. The Group continues to publish all of the relevant data as part of its duty to report on payment practices and performance. The speed with which contractors pay their suppliers is an important topic within the construction sector. One of the key metrics is the number of invoices paid within 60 days. The Prompt Payment Code requires members to pay at least 95% of invoices within 60 days.The Group predominately trades through two statutory entities that operate as main contractors and which report their payment performance externally. For the six-month period ending 31December 2021.Wates Construction Limited has paid 96% of its invoices within 60 days (H2 2020: 97%) and Wates Property Services Limited has paid 98% of its invoices within 60 days (H2 2020: 98%). Additional activities oriented towards ensuring strong relationships with stakeholders are detailed in the Section 172Report on pages 78 to 82. Group engagement with stakeholders in 2021was more important than ever as many of the decisions made by the Board had direct implications for them, and in particular for its employees. Stakeholder engagement is discussed in detail within the Section 172Companies Act 2006 report on pages 78 to 82. The role of the Board The Board's primary responsibility is to promote the long-term success of the Group so that it fulfils its purpose, creates sustainable shareholder value and makes a lasting contribution to society. The Board seeks to achieve this by setting out its strategy, monitoring performance against its strategic objectives, and reviewing the Executive Committee's implementation of the strategy. A formal schedule of matters reserved for Board approval is maintained and reviewed regularly. This includes a determination of the Group's strategy and long-term direction, a review of health and safety performance, approval of budgets, capital expenditure, organisational changes (including new business ventures and the acquisition or disposal of assets) and changes in key policies. The Board also monitors the effectiveness of the Group's systems of internal control. governance and risk management. The Board delegates authority for all day-to-day management of the Group's affairs to the Executive Committee. In addition, certain governance responsibilities are delegated to Board committees, which support the Board in carrying out its duties. These committees are made up of independent non-executive directors, together with non-executive directors from the Wates family and provide the Board with independent oversight.    Group Board Details of individual directors' attendance of Board meetings in 2021are shown in the following table: NO OF MAXIMUM PRINCIPAL BOARD MEETINGS DIRECTOR COULD ATTEND I NO OF PRINCIPAL BOARD MEETINGS DIRECTOR ATTENDED I NAME OF DIRECTOR PERCENTAGE OF PRINCIPAL BOARD MEETINGS ATTENDED I Chairman Sir James Wates 6 6 100% Executives David Allen, Chief Executive Philip Wainwright, Chief Financial Officer Paul Chandler, Executive Managing Director Wates Construction Group 6 6 6 6 6 100% 100% 5 83% Non-Executives- Family Andrew Wates Charles Wates Jonathan Wates flmorhy Wdl~~ 6 6 6 6 Non-Executives- Independent Susan Harris .JeremyNewsum Jonathan Oatley 6 6 6 6 100% 6 6 6 100% 100% 100% 6 6 6 100% 100% 100?1. Audit Committee The Audit Committee's primary responsibilities are: the integrity of the Group's financial statements; the effectiveness of internal controls; the performance of the internal audit function; the performance and independence of the external auditors; and the GroL1p·~mmrli;,ince with legal and regulatory req, 1irements. The Committee has clearly defined terms of reference, which are reviewed annually and maintained by the Company Secretary. These outline the Committee's objectives and responsibilities relating to financial reporting, internal controls, risk management, and the application of appropriate accounting standards and procedures. Specific responsibilities include reviewing and recommending for approval the annual financial statements, reviewing the Group's accounting policies, reviewing the effectiveness of internal controls, internal audit and risk management processes and reviewing the scope and results of the external audit. Susan Harris, a chartered management accountant, is Chair of the Audit Committee. During the year the Committee comprised two other Non-Executive directors: Andrew Wates, a director of the Wates family (who replaced Timothy Wates on the Committee from 9 March 2021):and Jonathan Oatley, an Independent non-executive director. The Committee was supported by a number of Board and senior management attendees. The Board is satisfied that the recent and relevant financial experience and sector knowledge of both the Committee Chair and the Committee's members during 2021followed the principle5 of sonrl ~overnance in relation to their collective skills, knowledge and experience. The Committee approves the internal audit plan of work annually and approves any changes to that plan as may be required throughout the reporting period. The Committee is satisfied that the Internal Audit team is appropriately resourced.    External Auditors The Group appointed BOO LLPas external auditors on l November 2019. The Committee assessesthe effectiveness of the external auditors' performance after the completion of the annual audit, including an assessment of their governance, independence and professionalism. In July 2021.the Committee evaluated the external auditors' performance in relation to the 2020 audit. Both management and the external auditors are committed to a positive working relationship that enhances the effective and efficient execution of the audit plan. The Audit Committee re-tenders the external audit service at least every ten years, in accordance with good practice. As a private company, the Group is not subject to external restrictions in terms of the non-audit work that is provided by the external auditors, but for good governance it has chosen to implement its own policy in relation to their remuneration and the extent of their non-audit services. Remuneration Committee The Committee's primary objective is to set remuneration at a level that will enhance the Group's resources by attracting, retaining and motivating quality senior management who can deliver the Group's strategic ambitions within a framework that is aligned with shareholder interests. The Committee firmly believes that the best people, remunerated effectively, with an emphasis on performance-related pay, strengthen the Group's ability to face challenges emanating from economic and market ~hanges and help it deliver long-term sustainablevalue for all stakeholders. In 2021,the Remuneration Committee comprised three non-executive directors and was chaired by Jonathan Oatley. Members of the Committee during the year included Jeremy Newsum, Independent Non-Executive Director and Timothy Wates, a director from the Wates family (who replaced Andrew Wates from 9 March 2021),supported by members of the Board. Nominations Committee The Board operates a Nominations Committee to ensure that it remains balanced and effective, that succession plans are in place and that its structure, composition and skillset remain aligned to the Group's strategic objectives. The Committee's primary objective is to identify and evaluate candidates for future appointments and, in doing so, it takes advice from independent external recruitment consultants. In 2021,the Committee was Chaired by Sir James Wates and comprised six members, of which three were independent • non-executive directors (Susan Harris, Jonathan Oatley and Jeremy Newsum) and three were family directors (Sir James Wates, Timothy Wates and Andrew Wates). Sustainability Committee The Committee brings oversight and challenge to the Group's corporate responsibility programmes and explores the impact and opportunities that global trends might bring to the built environment sector. In 2021.the Committee was chaired by Jonathan Wates, a non-executive director from the Wates family, and its members included SusanHarris, an independent non-executive director, the Chief Executive and Chief Financial Officer, with invitations extended to the Group Safety, Health, Environment, Quality and Sustainability Director, the Group Public Sector Director and other key members of the management team. Executive Committee The Executive Committee is responsible for the day-to-day management of the Group's business affairs. It is led by and chaired by the Chief Executive. The Committee is responsible for ensuring that the agreed strategy is implemented in a timely and effective manner. The Executive Committee consists of individuals responsible for the strategic business units and key functions. A list is on page 64 and a biography for each Executive Committee member can be found on the Group
