   Corporate Governance Statement For the year ended 31 December 2021, under The Companies (Miscellaneous Reporting) Regulations 2018, the Company has applied the Wates Corporate Governance Principles for Large Private Companies ("Wates Principles"). The Wates Principles provide a set of guidelines that enable the Company to monitor its Corporate Governance. The Board will regularly discuss how it applies the Wates Principles and will make necessary changes to improve its Corporate Governance. We have set out below how the Company applied the Wates Principles during 2021: Principle 1: Purpose and Leadership The Company's purpose is to pursue sustainable and profitable growth and create long-term value. By focusing on customer experience and retail excellence the Company generates value for all stakeholders. The Company regularly engages its employees across all of its UK offices and stores through its internal communication channels. It holds regular meetings to update its employees on the purpose, growth and achievements of the Company. The directors keep the purpose, vision and values of the Company in mind when they make decisions in relation to the business. The Company has a robust operating model, which allows leadership to be based upon capabilities to execute and innovate. The Company regularly evaluates its processes and procedures and looks for ways to Improve these. Each year the business will prepare its plan for the next twelve months. The plan will consider stakeholders of the business, including suppliers, landlords, employees and shareholders. The plans will be prepared with the values and purpose of the Dufry group ("Group") in mind. Principle 2: Board Composition The Board consists of three directors, the Chief Executive Officer (CEO), the Chief Executive Officer of Operations (CEOO) (who also is a member of the Group's Global Executive Committee), and UK Finance Director. All of the directors have extensive experience in the business having worked for the Group for numerous years. The Board also regularly calls on specific sector areas within the business to attend and present at board meetings to ensure that decisions are being made with the correct expertise. Fixed board meetings take place twice a year and focus on the key risk areas for the Company and Group. These meetings have a fixed detailed agenda finalised and issued to all parties in advance of the meeting. Sector-specific meetings are also held regularly, and information is regularly provided to individual directors to make informed and efficient decisions in relation to areas such as risk, finance, operations and employment. Based on the structure of the Company, the Board do not believe it is necessary for the Company to form Committees of the Board.    The Company believes that the size and composition of the Board is appropriate for this type of Company and the internal Group structure. However, the board is committed to improving its diversity in terms of age, ethnicity, disability and gender. The Group appointed a new Chief Diversity and Inclusion Officer in 2021, who· is also a member of the Global Executive Committee. The Chief Diversity and Inclusion Officer will foster and further develop the group-wide implementation of the Diversity and Inclusion Strategy. The scope of the Diversity and Inclusion Strategy includes recruitment practices, career roadmap and development, succession planning, compensation and benefits, work-life balance. Principle 3: Director Responsibilities Each director has a clear understanding of their accountability and responsibility to the Company. The CEO has overall responsibility for key business decisions and communicates these decisions to the CEOO. If required, matters may then be referred to the Group Executive Committee. The Senior management team has delegated authority and is responsible for the day to day decisions of the business, but they are always aware of the decisions which require escalation to the CEO and/or when Board approval may be required. The Board is due to receive refresher training on directors' responsibilities in 2022. Principle 4: Opportunities and Risk The Company regularly monitors its risks at a local level, and reports local risks to the Group. This enables risks to be monitored at both local and Group level, and the impact of any Group risks to be managed locally. The Board is updated on the risks to the business, and mitigations are identified for each risk. The same approach is taken for key projects undertaken by the Company. When considering mitigation steps, the Board considers the short term and long term sustainable success of the Company. The Group uses geographical diversification to maximise opportunities and mitigate risks. The Group is a market leader in travel retail and follows the strategy of geographic diversification resulting in a footprint of operations in 66 countries across all 6 continents. The Company also adopts this approach in the UK, and operates over 100 stores in over 25 Airports and 2 train stations. The stores cover a vast majority of the UK. Growth is achieved organically by the Company - and opportunistically by acquisitions or partnerships, and growth potential is further increased by the development of innovative commercial concepts with landlords and brands. The Company is continually looking at being at the forefront of market development and seizing opportunities in digitalisation. The Company carefully analyses every project or significant investment with detailed projections and with focus on minimum return requirements. This includes a careful assessment of the initial investment needed to build and set up a store as well as the cost structure, profitability and cash flow generation of the business once it is operational. Channel diversification also remains a key aspect of the Company's strategy. The expertise of the Company in the UK helps to accurately evaluate opportunities, and allows the Company to closely collaborate with its landlords and other local business partners to effectively develop new businesses.    As part of its financial risk management, the Company minimises business risks by implementing a highly variable cost structure. These defensive characteristics help to protect the business in case of downturns, which usually are local, thus providing a solid and resilient profile. In 2021, the Group has considerably increased its ESG engagement with several initiatives, which are fully aligned and integrated in the Company's strategy. The Group has defined SBTi-based (Science Based Targets initiative) CO2 reduction targets to reach climate neutrality for scopes 1+2 emissions by 2025 and to considerably reduce scope 3 emissions by 2027 and 2030 respectively with dedicated initiatives. The Company began charging for plastic bags in England from 21 May 2021 following a change in legislation. The Company will donate all the proceeds to an environmental charity. Principle 5: Remuneration The Company's remuneration for directors is based on the Group's yearly annual performance and a director's individual targets. The business will consider its long-term plans as part of its consideration when reviewing pay annually, and attempts to engage and motivate staff via different initiatives across the Group. The majority of employees have the opportunity to receive an annual bonus, which is based on the performance of the business and individual targets as well. Often these individual targets are based on a wide range of factors beyond monetary levels, such as customer satisfaction levels. For those employees that are not eligible for an annual bon·us,there is a separate sales incentive programme. The Company carries out regular gender pay assessments and national minimum wage audits - a copy of the gender pay gap report can be found on the Company's website. The Company also regularly benchmarks its pay levels against the wider market. Principle 6: Stakeholder relationship and enagement The main stakeholders of the Company are its customers, employees, suppliers, landlords, and shareholders. The Company also requires all of its directors, employees and officers to adhere to the principles stated in the Group Code of Conduct in their interactions with colleagues, customers, business partners and other shareholders. The Group's Code of Conduct outlines how the Company is committed to acting ethically in all aspects and to maintain the highest levels of integrity at all times. The business is committed to maintain strong and positive relationships with all of its stakeholders. Customers Customers are always at the forefront of the Company's mind when making business decisions. The Company aims to offer the ultimate airport shopping experience and endeavors to bring ils customers the very latest products at great value prices. Following a detailed acceptance analysis of the sustainable product identification initiative launched in 2021, the Company together with the Group will further evolve its sustainable product assortment in line with customer's preferences and feedback provided.    Suppliers The Company values the relationships it has with its suppliers at a Company and Group level. As part of the plan to monitor supply chain sustainability, and include additional suppliers who have accepted the terms of the Company's Supplier Code of Conduct in 2021, the Group has executed the recertification process, tripling the number of suppliers involved. In 2022, the Group will continue to extend the reach of the Supplier Code of Conduct. Employees The Company regularly engages with its employees, and has multiple internal communication channels that enable key messages, achievements and notices to be shared amongst employees. Fostering dialogue with its employees is a vital part of the Company's strategy, based on the understanding that its staff are its most valuable asset. The last engagement survey was carried out in 2019, with the next engagement survey planned for 2022 providing employees with the opportunity to share their views and concerns in the current business environment and following the implementation of the new ways of working. Diversity and Inclusion will remain an area of focus for the Company, and the Group. A Diversity and Inclusion survey was sent to all employees of the Company in 2021, to identify opportunities to further evolve Diversity and Inclusion engagement and develop targeted initiatives. Based on the findings identified in the Diversity and Inclusion survey, the Company (together with the Group) will develop targeted initiatives to further support employees to better manage work, family and life-balance topics. Shareholders As a wholly owned subsidiary, the Board considers the opinions of its parent companies, and the interests of the Group as a whole when entering into any substantial transactions or making major decisions. Landlords The relationships the Company has with its landlords are very important to the Company, and during 2021 it continued to work closely with its landlords. Following the departure of the UK from the European Union, the Company has been exploring future business opportunities that are available because of Brexit, and opportunities that will aid the Company in its recovery and long term sustainable success. In 2021, the Company working together with its landlords was able to secure the extension of a number of its Concession Agreements.
