   Corporate Governance Code In 2019 the Company enhanced its existing governance framework and approach by adopting the Wates Corporate Governance Principles for Large Private Companies issued by the Financial Reporting Council (the "Wates Principles"). The way in which the Company complied with the Wates Principles during its financial year ended 31 December 2021 is explained in the table below: Wates Principle Explanation of Compliance Purpose and Leadership - An effective board develops and promotes the purpose of a company and ensures that its values, strategy and culture align with that purpose During the year under review,.the Company's ultimate shareholder, National ExpressGroup PLC ("NEG PLC"), reviewed and renewed its Purpose to better reflect its role and that of its subsidiaries (together, the "Group") in society. The Group's Vision is to be the world leader in mass transit and lead in safety, reliability and environmental standards, which Vision is rooted in a belief that driving modal shift from cars to high quality mass transit is fundamental to a safe, green and prosperous future. The Group's Purpose is to help lead this modal shift by making mass transit an increasingly attractive option for all its customers by earning their loyalty by providing safe, reliable and great value multi-modal services on clean and green vehicles. The Company, as a subsidiary of NEG PLC, has adopted this same Purpose and its strategy is geared towards achieving the same. The Company has adopted the same core five Values as are held by NEG PLCas they provide the best framework to deliver the Group's renewed Vision and Purpose. These Values are: • Safety- to be the safest mass transit operator in the communities we serve • Excellence - to be the leader in every market we operate in, trusted to deliver service excellence, consistently • Customers - to be the most trusted and valued mass transit partner • People - to be the place to work in mass transit • Community and Environment- to be the world's greenest mass transit operator; a trusted partner to the communities we serve Our Values make clear our priorities and form the foundations of the Group's culture: ► Safety is our highest priority and underpins everything we do. The Group's "Driving out Harm" programme introduced in 2011 and involving multiple safety initiatives had by 2019 reduced the Group's Fatalities and Weighted Injuries score by more than 80%. The Group's "Target Zero" ambition adopted in 2017 was also achieved by 2019 through the Group having no responsible fatalities. The Company, as an integral part of the Group, helped deliver these considerable achievements; its own contribution highlighted through its repeated high scores for health and safety from the British Safety Council. ► ► The combination of Excellence in the delivery of our operations, including through the development and implementation of Standard Operating Procedures, our focus on putting the Customer at the heart of what we do, including by the development of the "NX Way" for customer service teams, and our investment in our People, including through the "Master Driver" and "Master Technician" programmes which recognise and reward the most skilled and dedicated drivers and vehicle technicians, support the delivery of the Company's strategy. These initiatives also make a collective contribution to the Community as they each help achieve the provision of quality bus services to the people living in the communities we serve. The Environment has also been given significantly greater prominence by the Company and the Group, as evidenced through the Group's pledge never to buy another diesel bus in the UK and its ambition to achieve zero carbon emissions in UK bus by 2030. This ambition also serves the Community by helping to ensure cleaner air in the cities and regions we serve. The Board actively communicates the Company's Purpose and promotes its Values via direct channels of communication between Directors and the workforce and through the adoption and promotion of the Group's standards, policies and procedures, such as its Global Safety Standards and its Anti-Bribery and Corruption, Anti-Slavery and Human Trafficking, Anti-Bullying and Harassment and Whistleblowing Policies, and the Company's own policies on fair employee practices and supplier protocols, which all promote a healthy corporate culture. The Board also monitors the Company!s culture to assesswhether the Company is living by its Values which, as noted above, support the achievement of its strategy and Purpose. Further details about the ways in which the Directors engage with the workforce are set out in the Company's employee engagement statement in this Directors' Report. Board Composition -Effective board composition requires an effective chair and a During the year under review, the Company's Board was comprised of four individuals who held senior roles in the management and operation of the Company: the UK Division Managing Director (who also served on NEG PLC'sUK Executive Committee and on the boards of other companies within the Group's UK Division); the Company Managing Director and Finance Director (each of whom also    backgrounds, experience and knowledge, with individual directors having sufficient capacity to make a valuable contribution. The size of a board should be guided by the scale and complexity of the company served throughout the year on the boards of other companies within the UK Bus Division); and the UK Property Director. Biographies of the Directors are set out earlier and demonstrate the diverse range of the experience, skills and knowledge held by them. Collectively, such Directors are able to use these experiences, skills and knowledge to make valuable contributions to decisions in their day to day managerial work and in Board and Committee meetings. Their different backgrounds and skillsets also enable them to bring diverse perspectives to 'bear on decision-making and contribute to effective debate and challenge at Board and Comn:iittee meetings. Board and UK Divisional Committee meetings are chaired by the UK Division Managing Director, who provides strategic direction and an understanding (due to their roles on NEG PLC'sUK Executive Committee) of the Company's contribution to the Group's objectives. Business Executive Committee meetings are chaired by the Company Managing Director who, together with the Company Finance Director, provide managerial •direction, support and challenge to all their respective direct reports. As all Directors are engaged in the management of the Company and none hold any employment or professional engagements outside of the Company (or, in the case of the UK Division Managing Director, other members of the Group), all Directors have sufficient capacity to fulfil their legal responsibilities and make effective contributions to the management of the Company. In view of the size of the Company and scale and nature of its operations, the size and composition of the Board is currently considered appropriate. Directors Responsibilities - The board and individual directors should have a clear understanding of their accountability and responsibilities. The board's policies and procedures should support effective decision making and independent challenge The Company's governance framework and approach to governance guides the Directors on their legal responsibilities and accountability to deliver sustainable value for the benefit of the Company's shareholder, after duly taking into account other stakeholder interests, and otherwise in their general conduct. Those matters also provide a roadmap to support good governance, effective decision making and independent challenge, including by prescribing that Board and Committee papers are provided in a timely manner in advance of meetings and that these are read and digested prior to each meeting to enable effective contribution by all those present and by encouraging open and active debate among and challenge at Board and Committee meetings to facilitate better decision-making. From time to time, the Company's Directors also receive refresher training on their legal duties and responsibilities as directors of an English company. During the year under review, the Directors received training on their new reporting obligations under the Companies (Miscellaneous Reporting) Regulations 2018 and on the scope and import of the Wates Principles, pursuant to which these disclosures and explanations are being made. They also received refresher training on their duties under s.172(1) Companies Act and training on the new reporting obligations under s.414CZA Companies Act 2006 (as amended) and Part 4 of the Large and Medium-sized Companies and Groups (Accounts and Reports) Regulations 2008 (as amended). Opportunity and Risk -A board should promote the long-term sustainable successof the company by identifying opportunities to create and preserve value and establishing oversight for the identification and mitigation of risks The Company's approach to governance promotes the identification of both opportunities and risks through the open debate and challenge it encourages. The Board's UK Divisional Committee, as a Committee comprised of the UK Divisional Managing • ' Director and of the functional heads of services (which support the Company and all other companies within the UK Division), also serves an integral role in the identification and exploitation of opportunities and the identification and management of risk. For example, opportunities for the Company and its bus operations will arise out of the Group's coach operations, and vice versa, and common risks will be identified together with the best means of managing them. The Company reports monthly to its ultimate shareholder on its opportunities and risks. The Company also contributes to a UK Divisional Risk Register which, through a series of workshops between the Group's risk team and the Company's business teams, identifies the key risks affecting or that could affect the Company (and other companies within the Group's UK Division), how to mitigate those risks, and who is responsible for managing or mitigating each risk. The principal financial risks forthe Company, and how these are mitigated, are set-out in the Strategic Report., ' Remuneration - A board should promote executive remuneration structures aligned to the long-term sustainable successof a company, taking into The Company, together with other companies comprised in the Group's UK Division, has an established executive remuneration policy, the principal purpose of which is to ensure that executive remuneration is aligned with long-term sustainable success of the Company (and its wider Group). In addition to competitive base pay levels and appropriate benefit packages, UK Divisional and Company senior managers are invited to participate in the Senior Management Bonus Plan or the Management Bonus Plan (together, the "Plans"). The Plans are designed to seek alignment between    balance of skills,    account pay and conditions elsewhere in the company the Company's and its wider Group's Vision, Values and strategy and executives' individual objectives via participants being set a mix of weighted safety, financial and other objectives geared towards achieving the Group's Vision, Values and strategic plans. Bonus pay-outs under the Plans are dependent on the Group's achievement of certain threshold financial and safety targets, the UK Division's (including the Company's) achievement of financial and safety. targets and participants' personal performance against their individual objectives. The Plans are designed to reward outstanding performance; rather than expected performance. In addition to the Plans, certain of the Company's senior executives are eligible to participate in the NEG PLCLong-Term Incentive Plan ("LTIP"). NEG PLC'sRemuneration Committee grants annual LTIP awards of nil cost options over NEG PLCshares to certain selected individuals, the maximum potential value of which awards are based on a percentage of their salaries. All LTIPawards are subject to weighted performance metrics, including NEG PLC'stotal shareholder return, earnings per share and return on capital employed plus two recently added environmental performance metrics, which are measured over a three-year performance period. The performance metrics are designed to align participants' interests with those of the long-term sustainable success of the Group. The precise performance conditions, their weightings and their vesting levels are set out in NEG PLC's Annual Report and Accounts. The Company's and UK Division's executive remuneration policy also takes account of the pay and conditions of the Company's and UK Division's wider workforce, as well as the respective levels of responsibility held by mangers and other members of the workforce. The majority of the Company's and UK Division's wider workforce are drivers and vehicle technicians whose pay levels and conditions are negotiated through discussions with Trade Unions. The outcome of these discussions and other important pay initiatives promoted by the Company's management, are taken into account both in setting executive base salary levels and in making bonus awards under the Plans and LTIP awards under the LTIP. Stakeholder Relationships and Engagement - Directors should foster effective stakeholder relationships aligned to the company's purpose. The board is responsible for overseeing meaningful engagement with stakeholders, including the workforce, and having regard to their views when taking decisions The Company strives to be a proactive and trusted partner to its key stakeholders, by seeking to understand their priorities and form alliances with them. This is because investing in long-term relationship building helps the Company to deliver its·strategy and objectives more effectively and mitigates potential barriers in doing so and thereby achieve its Purpose and Vision. Further details of the approach taken by the Company to fostering relationships with its key stakeholders; who the Company's key stakeholders are and how the Company has engaged with them during the year under review is set out in the Company's stakeholder engagement statement earlier in this Directors' Report. Furthermore, details of how the Directors have had regard to stakeholders' views in some key decisions taken by them during the year under review are set out in the Company's section 172(1) statement in the Strategic Report.
