   Governance For the year ended 31 December 2021, the Group has voluntarily applied the Wates Corporate Governance Principles for Large Private Companies. Whistl Consolidated Limited (formerly NNY91 Limited), the ultimate parent and controlling party is led and controlled by the Board of Management, which is collectively responsible for the long-term success of the Whistl Group and the endorsement and application of corporate governance. The Directors have set out below an explanation of how the Wates Principles have been applied during the 2021 year. 1. Purpose and leadership The Group's purpose is to be the UK's leading logistics specialist e-fulfilment, parcels and mail. The Whistl group comprises market-leading businesses providing efficient, high-quality, and competitively priced services and support for businesses, large or small, across a range of sectors with can-do people working efficiently to deliver exceptional services to all our customers. 2. Board Composition The Board of Management is currently comprised of four executives, and three non-executives. The executives and non-executives are not currently subject to retirement by rotation and there is no plan to implement such a regime. The Board of Management always aims to keep an appropriate balance _.of Board of Management expertise and length of director tenure and recognises that tenure must be considered when examining the independent status of non-executive directors. Board of Management sub-committees - .--- . - The Board of Management is supported by three sub-committees - an Audit Committee, Remuneration Committee and an Executive Board. Each committee has terms of reference which are reviewed and revised where necessary. The Executive Board operates from Whistl Group Holdings Limited, comprising of experienced management and operational teams with deep understanding of the Group's operations . .__ . Our approach to corporate governance is to instil it throughout the business, with the Board of Management, taking collective responsibility for the overall management and leadership of the business, together with individuals and teams, taking ownership and being empowered to take appropriate decisions while reporting into the Executive Board, which in turn, reports into the Board of Management. The Board of Management acknowledges its accountability in the performance and success of the business to its shareholders. The Board of Management's agenda also covers: • Planning and monitoring Group strategy • Financial and operational risk management • Financial reporting, tax and treasury matters • Performance of key management personnel and the Executive Board • Management of shareholders and investors    The Board of Management operates robust procedures to ensure all decisions are made objectively: • Board of Management meetings take place on a monthly basis • Conflicts of interest are declared openly and in advance and are managed respectfully • The Board of Management receives a report from the Executive Chairman, Chief Executive and Chief Financial Officer as well as reports from its various committees and the Executive Board • Members of the senior management team make presentations to both the Board of Management and the Executive Board on specific topics, creating a close connection between the Board of Management and the rest of the business • In the period between Board of Management and Executive Board meetings, all Directors receive email updates on significant matters arising. This may result in discussion by conference call between Board of Management meetings. 3. Director Responsibilities The board and individual directors have a clear understanding of their accountability and responsibilities. The board's composition, policies and procedures support effective decision making and independent challenge. Individually each executive Director is required to perform his/her role in accordance with prescribed role profiles and competency requirements, which helps to ensure the board members remain "fit and _proper"to undertake their_duties (whether commercial, fiduciary or regulatory) and responsibilities to the Group. The three non-executive Directors provide independent challenge to the executive Directors and provide balance to decision-making processes. Good governance supports open and fair business, ensures that the Group has the right safeguards in place and makes certain that every decision it takes is underpinned by the right considerations. Whilst Board oversight is always maintained, key decisions are made by individuals and committees with the most appropriate knowledge and industry experience. The Board delegates authority for day-to-day management of the Group to the Chief Executive Officer. • Certain governance responsibilities are delegated to other committees (see section 2 above). The Group has a defined organisational structure with clear roles and responsibilities. The structures in place ensure appropriate limits are used for internal authorisation. Decisions are made in -line with approved annual budgets. • There are sufficient internal authorisation controls which includes separate controls covering purchasing and sales contracts. The Board meets on a monthly basis and in advance of each meeting receives a board pack containing information on all key aspects of the business including health & safety, risks and opportunities, financial performance of the business, strategy, operational matters and market conditions, supported by specific Key Performance Indicators. Key financial information is collated from the Group's accounting and operational systems. The Group's financial function is appropriately qualified to ensure the integrity of this information and is responsible for remaining compliant with reporting standards and regulatory changes. Financial information is currently externally audited by Ernst & Young LLP on an annual basis.    4. Opportunity and Risk The board aims to promote the long term sustainable success of the Group by identifying opportunities to create and preserve value, and establishing oversight for the identification and mitigation of risks. The Group has in place a team dedicated to Risk Management Committee which includes representatives from all of our businesses, internal audit, security, legal, procurement, finance, HR, as well as executives so that it can identify risks from across the business and the sector, review the nature and extent of them and develop solutions to manage or mitigate the risks. The Risk Management Committee also works closely with the business, providing guidance and support to key risk owners within the Group·s business and support functions. Key risk owners within the business attend quarterly Risk Management Committee meetings to provide updates on key strategic and emerging risks within their remit. Monthly Board of Management, Executive Board, Senior Management & Operational Team meetings provide a forum for discussion on long term opportunities and risk. The Risk Management Committee keeps under review and makes recommendations to the Board on the Group ·s risk appetite, tolerance and strategy on an annual basis or more frequently if required. The Risk Management Committee also sets the standard for ensuring the accurate and timely monitoring of large exposures and certain risk types of critical importance and ensures that these are escalated to the Board as appropriate. The Group maintains full compliance with all applicable legislation either through certifications or alignment to best practice. The Group has developed an Operating Framework which includes the ·Group's operating rules, processes, best practices and delegated authorities. The Group is also . certified for ISO 9001 - International standard dedicated to Quality Management Systems. For other certifications, see page 25. In addition the Group maintains full compliance with all applicable legislation and contractual requirements (e.g. General Data Protection Regulation, Data Protection Act 2018), and any supporting management system certifications and by operating an Information Security Management System (ISMS) aligned to the principles of ISO 27001. The Group fully complies with relevant UK legislation. The Audit Committee, consisting of the Independent Non-Executive Director (as chairman), the Executive Chairman of the Board and other Board members attending by invitation as appropriate, ensures that material risks both inherent and emerging are identified and managed appropriately. The Audit Committee meets annually. Robust internal processes exist to ensure systems and controls operate effectively, and that the quality and integrity of information provided is reliable. 5. Remuneration The Group's Remuneration Policy and compensation practices were kept under review by the Remuneration Committee throughout 2021, with a view to ensuring that they were consistent, and promoted effective risk management and were aligned to the Group's business strategy, values and long term objectives. Remuneration for the directors and the senior managers in the Group is set by the Remuneration Committee which reviewed the remuneration packages of all executive directors, and certain senior managers within the Group for 2021, with a view to ensuring that executive performance was remunerated not only on financial performance, but also on qualitative measures aimed at preserving the legal, regulatory and reputational health of the Group.    The Board is committed to improving the Group's Gender Pay Gap. The Group's latest Gender Pay Gap Report (see pages 16 & 17), which was reviewed by the Board prior to publication and is available on the company's website at www.whistl.co.uk. 6. Communication with stakeholders The Directors seek to foster effective stakeholder relationships aligned to the Group's purpose. The board is responsible for overseeing meaningful engagement with stakeholders, including the workforce, and having regard to their views when taking decisions. The Group undertake an annual employee engagement survey: MySay we have consistently achieved an overall Engagement score that is above the average for our sector, (see page 15). The Group keeps employees up to date on strategy and performance through a variety of channels, including formal leadership events, employee briefings, the Employee Forum and a digital employee communication tool. Regular meetings with the Employee Forum have continued on a quarterly basis and are supported by members of the Executive Board. The Group issues a regular monthly communication to all shareholders and investors which includes the monthly performance of the business as well as its performance in the year to date. The communication provides an assessment of the company's position and prospects and its latest news. Whistl Group is wholly UK resident and commits to complying with all relevant laws, rules, regulations and reporting and disclosure requirements in relation to its tax activities alongside maintaining an open and honest relationship with all relevant tax authorities. Whistl's tax strategy can be found at https://www.whistl.co.uk/corporate-documents
