   For the year ended 31 December 2021, the Group ha.svoluntarily applied the Wates Corporate Governance Principles for Largo Private Companies. The Directors have set out below an explanation of how the Wates Principles have been applied during the 2021 year. 1. Purpose and leadership The Group's purpose Is to be the UK's leading logistics specialist in e•f\llfilment, parcels and mail. The Whist! group comprises market-leading businesses providing efficient, high-quality, and c,ompetitively priced services and support for businesses, large or small, across a range of sectors with can-do people working efficiently to deliver exceptional services to all our customers. 2. Board Composition Whist! Consolidated Limited (formerly NNY 91 Limited), the ultimate parent and controlling party is led and controlled by the Board of Management, which is collectively responsible for the long-term success of the Group and ttie endorsement and application of corporate governance, The Board of Management is curtently comprised of four executives, and three non-executives. The executives and non-executives are not currently subject to retirement by rotation and there is no plan to implement such a regime. The Board of Management always alms to keep an appropriate balance of Board of Management expertise and length of director tenure and recognises that tenure must be considered when examining the independent status of non-executive directors. Board of Management sub-committees The Board of Management Is supported by three sub-committees • an Audit Committee, Remuneration Committee and an Executive Board. Each committee has terms of reference which are reviewed and revised where necessary. The Executive Board operates from Whistl <?~oupHoldings Limited, comprising of experienced management and operational teams with deep understanding of the Group's operations. • -Our approach to corpor~te governahce'is'to'~iristii it throughout the business. :with the Board of Management t.:iking colieetive responsibility for the overall management and leadership'of 'thebusiness, together with individuals and teams. taking ownership and being empowered to take appropriate decisions while reporting into the Executive Board, which in turn, reports into the Board of Management. The Board of Management acknowledges Its accountability and success of the business to its shareholders. in the performance The Board of Management's agenda also covers: • Planning and monitoring strategy Group • Financial and operational risk management • Financial reporting, trea.su,y matters tax and • Performance of key management personnel and the Executive Board • Management of shareholders and investors The Board of Management operates robust procedures to ensure all decisions are made objectively: • Board of Management meetings take place on a monthly basis • Conflicts of interest are declared openly and in advance and are managed respectfully • The Board of Management receives a report from the Executive Chairman. Chief Executive and Chief Financial Officer as well as reports from its various committees and the Executive Board • Members of the senior management team make presentations to both the Board of Management and the Executive Board on specific topics, creating a close connection between the Board of M.inagement and the rest of the business • In the period between Board of Management and Executive Board meetings. all Directors receive email updates on significant matters arising. This may result in discussion by conference call between Board of Management meetings.    EXECUTIVE BOARD PROFILES Nick Wells Executive Chairman Nic:k hi'.!$ led the business since its formation in 2001 becomirig Executive Chalrman in 2022. He has overall responsibility for the growth and strategy of the Whlstl Group arld is Chair of Board of Mallilgement. He is arl industry leadirlg inrlovator and commentator. Alistair Cochrane Chief Executive Officer Alistair became CEO in 2022 havirlg joined Whist.I in 2018 as Chief Development Officer. He has overali responsibility for Fulfilment North, South and South west, Parcels, International, IT and Is Chair of the E~ecvtive Board. An Industry veteran, he was with TNT Express for 28 years. Nigel Potglass Chief Operating Officer Nigel joined the compuny irl 2008 Md became COO in 2013. He also has Board rcspoll-Slbllity for Whlstl Mail and Posthub and function areas of HR, Property & Procurement, Security, SH&E & ESG and Regulation. Prior to Whistl, Nigel held senior positions in Hays PLC and Ceridian Corporution.    ManoJParmar Chief Finance Officer Maoo_ih.!ls been v,iti, Whisti for over ten ye;:,rs as CFO. He quolified as a Chortered Account with PWC and Joined Cable & Wireless, holding senior finance and intematlor\ill positions. He t\as also held similar roles in several private equity backed businesses. John Evans Director of Legal and Company Sectetary John was promoted to these roles in 2019 and joined the company in 2011.He is t1 specialist in c<>mmereiol ar1d e<>rporate law, ar1d provides strategic, legal.,risk management and compliance advice and support across the Group. Andrew Goddard Commercial Director Andy joined Whist! in 2006 i'.ISN.:itional Sales Director and become Commercial Director In 2013, He Joined the compaoy on scoo"dment tmm Express Dairies .;ind prior to that h~ was Client Directo~ Home Shopping, also running Door to Door, at Royal Milil.    Jon Stockton Managing Director Fulfilment Jon foined the Whlstl Group in 2021 He joined the company from F~Ex where he was Vice President Ground Operations UK and previously held a number of roles In the company over 26 years, joining TNT Express at the start of his management career. Dave Twiddle Director of Operations Mail & Parcels Dave joined Whistl in 2014 undertaking a number of operational leadership roles. He has played a central roll'! in the devt!lopmt!nt of the Mtwork dt!livering lndustty leading service to customers. Dave took up his current role in 2019. Mark Davies Managing Director E-commerce Marketing (ECM) Mark joined Whisll in 2003 and occupied se.veral key sales roles before becoming MD ECM,A leading ECM expert an<l commentator, he ls PrcsldMt of ELMA (European Letterbox Marketing Association) and sits on the DMA Print Council and JICMAIL Board.    Lynn DIiion HR Director Lynn joined the business over 18 years ago becoming the Operations Director in the DOM business. She took over the HR Director role across the G10UJ)In 2014 iind hos been instrument.ii in creating a culture of continuous Improvement. ; I Jason Powell IT Director Jason is responsible for the design and implementation of the IT strategy. ensuring a s.iamless customer exper1ence and leading Whistl's technology innovation programmes. He has held similar roles in the banking, 8PO, utilities and retail sectors. Gareth Hughes Procurement & Property Director Gareth has been with Whist! since 2014 where he has responsibility for procurement. prop<i1ty and ftcot management. ~l<ihas h<ild lcac:fcrshlp positions at 8upa and Legal & General and is a Fellow of the CIPS.    Director Responsibilities The Board and individual Directors have a clear understanding of their accountability and responsibilities. The Board's composition, policies and pro,cedures support effective decision making and independent challenge. Individually each executive Director is required to perform his/her role in accordance with prescribed role profiles and competency requirements, which helps to ensure the Board members remain "fit and proper" to undertake their duties (whether commercial; fiduciary or regulatory) and responsibilities to the Group, The three non·executive Directors provide independent challenge to the executive Directors and provide balance to decision-making processes. Good governance supports open and fair business. ensures that the Group has the right safeguards in place and makes certain that every decision it takes is underpinned by the right considerations. Whilst Board oversight is always maintained, key decisions are.made by individuals and committees with the most appropriate knowledge . and industry experience. The Board delegates auth"ority for day•to•day management of the .. Group to the Chief Executive Officer. Certain governance responsibilities are delegated to other committees (see section 2). The Group has a defined organisational structure with clear roles and responsibilities. The structures in place ensure appropriate limits are used for internal authorisation. Decisions are made In line with approved annual budgets. There are sufficient internal authorisation controls which include separate controls covering purchasing and sales contracts. The Board meets on a monthly basis and in advance of each meeting receives a board pack containing information on all key aspects of the business including health & safety, risks and opportunities, financial performance of the business, strategy, operational matt€!rs and market conditions, supported by specific Key Performance Indicators. Key financial information is collated from the Group's accounting and operational systems. The Group's financial function is appropriately qualified to ensure the integrity of this information and is responsible for remaining compliant with reporting standards and regulatory changes. Financial information is currently externally audited by Ernst & Young LLP on an annual basis. 4. Opportunity and Risk The Board aims to promote the long term sustainable success of the Group by identifying opportunities to create and preserve value, and establishing oversight for the identification and mitigation of risks. The Group has in place a team dedicated to Risk Management which includes representatives from all of our businesses, internal audit, security. legal. procurement. ..... finance. HR, as well as executives so that it can identify risks from across . • the business and the sector. review • the nature and extent of them and develop solutions to manage or mitigate the risks. The Risk Management Committee also works closely with the business, providing guidance and support to key risk owners within the Group· s business and support functions. Key risk owners within the business attend quarterly Risk Management Committee meetings to provide updates on key strategic and emerging risks within their remit. Monthly Board of Management, Executive Board, Senior Management & Operational Team meetings provide a forum for discussion on long term opportunities and risk. The Risk Management Committee keeps under review and makes recommendations to the Board on the Group· s risk appetite, tolerance and strategy on an annual basis or more freQuently If required. The Risk Management Committee also sets the standard for ensuring the accurate and timely monitoring of large exposures and certain risk types of critic.al importance and ensures that the.se are escalated to the Board as appropriate. The Group maintains full compliance with all applicable legislation either through certifications or alignment to best practice. The Group has developed an Operating Framework which includes the Group's operating rules, processes, best practices and delegated authorities. The Group is also c,ertified for ISO 9001 • International standard dedicated to Quality Management Systems. For other certifications. see page 35. In addition the Group maintains full compliance with all applicable legislation and contractual requirements (e.g. General Data Protection Regulation, Data Protection Act 2018), and any supporting management system certifications and by operating an Information Security Management System (ISMS) aligned to the principles of ISO 27001. The Group fully complies with relevant UK legislation. The Audit Committee, consisting of the Independent Non-Executive Director (as chairman), the Executive Chairman of the Board and other Board members attending by invitation as appropriollte, ensures that material risks both inherent and emerging are identified and managed appropriately. The Audit Committee meets annually. Robust internal processes exist to ensure systems and controls operate effectively, and that the quality and integrity of information provided is reliable.    s. Remuneration The Group's Remuneration Policy and compensation practices were kept under review by the Remuneration Committee throughout 2021, with a view to ensuring that they were consistent, and promoted effective risk management and were aligned to the Group's business strategy, values and long term objectives. Remuneration for the Directors and the senior managers in the Group is set by the Remuneration Committee which reviewed the remuneration packages of all executive directors, and certain senior managers within the Group for 2021',with a view to ensuring that executive performance was remunerated not only on financial performance, but also on qualitative measures aimed at preserving the legal, regulatory and reputational health of the Group. The Board ls committed to improving the Group's Gender Pay Gap. The Group"s latest Gender Pay Gap Report (see page 27), which was reviewed by the Board prior to publication, is available on the company's website at www.whistl.co.uk. 6. Communication with stakeholders The Directors seek to foster effective stakeholder relationships aligned to the Group's purpose. The Board is responsible for overseeing meaningful engagement with stakeholders. including the workforce, and having regard to their views when taking decisions. The Group undertake an annual employee engagement survey: MySay we have consistently achieved an overall Engagement score that Is above the average for our sector, (see page 25). The Group keeps employee.s up to date on strategy and performance through a variety of channels, including formal leadership events, employee briefings, the Employee Forum and a digital employee communication tool. Regular meetings with the Employee Forum have continued on a quarterly basis and are supported by members of the Executive Board. The Group issues a regular monthly communication to all shareholders and investors which includes the monthly performance of the business as well as its performance in the year to date. The communication provides an assessment of the company's position and prospects and its latest news. Whist! Group is wholly UK resident and commits to complying with all relevant laws, rules, regulations and reporting and disclosure requirements in relation to its tax activities alongside maintaining an open and honest relationship with all relevant tax authorlties. Whistl's tax strategy can be found at https://www.whistl.co.uk/corporate· documents The strategic report on pages 4 to 45 is approved on behalf of the Board.
