   Statement of Corporate Governance arrangements The Companies (Miscellaneous Reporting) Regulations 2019 (the "Regulations") have been in force with effect from 1 January 2019. The Regulations introduced a requirement for large private companies to provide information on the approach taken to corporate governance. The Wates Corporate Governance Principles for Large Private Companies have been used by the group to provide high-level guidance on good practice corporate governance. The Regulations also require the group to report how directors have considered their duties under section 172 of the Companies Act 2006 during the financial year. The Board develops and promotes the purpose of the group through regular engagement across the group and challenge management to ensure that the values, strategy and cultwe of all group entities align with the purpose. The group operates through clear Board protocols and governance procedures and is supported by the executive management team through comprehensive regular reponing covering all aspects of the group including clinical and operational issues, health and safety, employee engagement and risk management. Board meetings include regular presentations from members of the executive team with regular deep dive sessions on key opportunities that promote long term success and on the identification and mitigation of risks. Prior to 16 August 2021, the Board was comprised of an experienced Chairman, Alan Bowkett, and included representation from shareholders, management and a non-Executive Director, Bany Cockcroft, who as an experienced clinician and previous UK Chief Dental Officer brought considerable knowledge of dentistry and the NHS to the Board. Following the completion of the transaction with Palamon, the Board consists of two directors appointed by Palamon with the Chief Executive Officer, Tom Riall and Chief Financial Officer, Nilesh Pandya and a new Chainnan, Kevin Beeston. On 8 July 2022 and following Nilesh Pandya's appointment as Deputy Chief Executive, the new Chief Financial Officer, Richard Storah joined the Board as a non-voting member. The company is part of the group's {my}dentist division and the Board is made up of members of divisional senior management. In hne with the status of the company, a majority of directors are registered dentists. The group also follows Sir David Walker's Guidelmes for Disclosure and Transparency in Private Equity in its annual reporting. These guidelines were developed at the request of the British Venture Capital Association (BVCA) to demonstrate the private equity industry's commitment to transparency in portfolio company reporting. The guidelines provide a framework for private equity portfolio companies to enhance stakeholder's understanding of our activities through their annual reporting and require additional disclosure beyond compliance with regulatory requirements. The Guidelines are monitored by an independent body, the Private Equity Reporting Group.
