   CORPORATE GOVERNANCE The Group has always endeavoured to apply the highest standards of corporate governance and has a goal of continuous improvement in governance processes. During the year ended 31 December 2021, the Group has considered the Wates Corporate Governance Principles for Private Business (Wates Principles) noting that they only apply to companies meeting certain criteria as set out in the Companies (Miscellaneous Reporting) Regulations 2018 (the Regulations) and their adoption is voluntary for accounting periods beginning 1 January 2019. While neither the Group nor the Company meet these criteria, the Board believes that it is appropriate to provide, on a voluntary basis, further information relating to the Group's structure, and its full commitment to applying sound corporate governance principles both in the past and going forward. The Board believes that generally the Wates Principles set out what is considered to be good Corporate Governance Requirements. On a voluntary basis, the Group sets out a summary of its compliance and observance with these to the extent it is deemed appropriate, beneficial, propcirtionate, realistic and adds value for the organisation and its stakeholders. Board Composition At 31 December 2021, the Board comprises of the non-executive Chairman who is temporarily acting Managing Director until a replacement is recruited, one executive Director, three independent non-executive Directors and three non-executive Directors, supported by the Group Company Secretary. The Board believes that its composition, as evidenced by its size, mix of expertise and balance of executive and non-executive Directors, is appropriate given the scale and complexity of its remit. Robert Polet is the Senior Independent Non-Executive Director. The Board's process on nominations is undertaken by the Nominations Committee, and includes assessing the composition of the Board and its governance structures as well as considering appointments and succession planning. Board appointments are made in consultation with shareholders. The Board is also subject to both external and internal effectiveness rev·iews. The Role of the Board The Board is collectively responsible for the long-term success of the Group. The Chairman is responsible for ensuring that the Board is effective and is led in an appropriate way. In due course, the offices of Chairman and Chief Executive/ Managing Director will again be separate and distinct. The Chairman is responsible for leading the Board, supporting the Chief Executive, and over-seeing the development of the Group. The Chief Executive is responsible for leading the Executive team to achieve Group Objectives as best possible, and to take all executive decisions subject to the relevant corporate governance requirements.    The Role of the Board (continued) The Board, which meets at least six times per year, has responsibility for agreeing the Group's strategy, for reviewing trading performance and funding levels, assessing acquisitions and disposals, changes to the structure of the business and overall corporate governance issues. The Board also approves the Group's five-year plan and budget together with its annual report and financial statements. The Board has responsibility for the Group's system of internal control, including the financial controls designed to give assurance against material financial misstatement or loss. Day-to-day management and control of the business is delegated to the Executive Directors and they routinely meet together and with other senior managers as appropriate. The Board ensures the effectiveness of the Executive Directors and Board through the performance appraisal process. Where necessary, ad hoc committees of the Board are appointed to deal with matters which need to be dealt with between scheduled Board meetings. Board Committees In discharging its governance responsibilities, the Board has established committees to provide oversight and guidance in certain areas on its behalf. Three principal committees, Remuneration, Nomination and Audit, report directly to the Board and are supported, where appropriate, by a number of advisory committees. Each committee is.governed by Terms of Reference which define in a professional manner their purpose, duties and interaction with the Board, Company or other committees. Shareholders and Other Stakeholders The relationship between the Board and shareholders is managed via General Meetings and other family / shareholder meetings. The Shareholders work pro-actively to ensure that family matters are dealt with in family/ shareholder meetings, while business matters are left to be dealt with by the Board. Each shareholder receives a copy of the Group's annual report and audited financial statements and the Group provides regular updates on financial performance, business issues, and progress with matters concerning social responsibility. The Group maintains a shareholder intranet to provide relevant information directly to shareholders. The Group provides employees with regular updates on financial performance, business issues and employee matters. The Group engages with employees in a number of ways, the principal methods being set out in the Group's Section 172 Compliance Statement. The Group also engages directly with suppliers and customers to ensure common long-term interests and standards are pursued in the interests of all parties. Financial Statements and Audit The Audit Committee reviews the plan presented by the external auditor and agrees the scope of the audit work. During the audit process, the committee will keep under review the consistency of accounting policies on a year-to-year basis and across the Group, and the methods used to account for significant or unusual transactions. The financial statements are reviewed in detail prior to their submission to the Board. Following the audit, the committee discusses the issues arising and any matters the auditor wishes to raise. The committee also assesses the effectiveness of the audit process through an internal assessment and discussions with the auditor. During the year the Audit Committee monitors the relationship with the auditor and assesses their performance, cost-effectiveness, objectivity and independence. The Board is currently satisfied that the auditor is independent and that best practice is being observed. Corporate Sustainability and Responsibility William Grant & Sons has always wanted to make a positive contribution to the communities where the Group's operations are based, to all the various stakeholders, and generally also to society. As a Group that operates with a very long-term perspective it has always been important to take these responsibilities very seriously.    CORPORATE GOVERNANCE (CONTINUED) Corporate Sustainability and Responsibility (continued) As such, the Group is very much committed to promoting responsible drinking by encouraging moderation and helping to tackle misuse. The Group are proud of its heritage, authenticity, and the millions of people around the world that enjoy its brands responsibly, and is cognisant of problems that harmful drinking can cause for individuals and society. In this respect, the Group continues to increase activities to combat harmful drinking. The Group is very committed to seeking to preserve the natural resources on which the long-term future depends and operating in an environmentally friendly way. Environmental initiatives have been taken on many fronts in recent decades addressing issues such as water usage, energy usage, carbon emissions, packaging, and waste. In particular the Group has made significant progress in reducing its carbon footprint by investing in renewable energy technology. The approach to managing these wastes is set out in the Group's section 172 Compliance Statement. The Group has always taken a long-term view to support its people, the communities in which the Group operates, and Scottish good causes. Currently the Group donates 1% of pre-tax profits each year to charitable causes through the William Grant Foundation and employees. The Foundation operates with a professional structure supporting a large number of volunteers from the family / shareholders and staff who make the decisions on donations and manage relationships with relevant parties. Other charitable activities take place at a local level.
