   Wolseley Group Holdings Limited Governance report Corporate Governance The Board believes that effective corporate governance is the foundation of a well-run company and is committed to maintaining the highest standards of governance throughout the Group. The Board recognises that a strong governance framework is fundamental to the execution of the Group's strategic objectives, underpinned by a clear purpose and well understood culture and values. Our corporate governance framework has been designed to support this. The Board is committed to ensuring that the procedures, policies and practices of the business continue to be effective. The Directors consider the annual repott and financial statements to comply with all aspects of the Guidelines for Disclosure and Transparency in Private Equity 'The Walker Guidelines'. The Group also adheres to the Wates corporate governance principles issued as guidance for large private .companies. Wates Principles Following the acquisition of the Group,. the Board concluded the appropriate approach to corporate governance should be to adopt the Wates Corporate Governance Principles for Large Private Companies. The approach is based upon six broad principles which the Directors have adopted. 1. Purpose and leadership An effective board develops and promotes the pwpose of a company and ensures that its values, strategy, and culture align with that purpose. The Group's strategy is to focus on a clear immediate objective to return the Group to sustainable profitable growth. Wolseley will provide customers with the expe1tise of its people, an unrivalled range and availability of products, local relationships, and national scale. The business is based on strong brands and this strategy is aligned with our purpose. The Board continues to review and challenge the strategy, performance, responsibility and accountability so that every decision made is of the highest quality, and in line with the Group's culture which is embedded throughout the business. The business model and the growth drivers of the Group are outlined in pages 2 to 6. Whilst the Board holds overall responsibility for developing and promoting the purpose of the Group, the Leadership Team ensure that the values, strategy and culture continue to be distilled into every aspect of the Group on their behalf. The Board's Audit Committee reviews the effectiveness of our whistleblowing and fraud policies and procedures. 2. Board composition Effective board composition requires an effective chair and a balance of skills backgrounds, experience, and knowledge, with individual directors having sufficient capacity to make a valuable contribution. The size of a board should be guided by the scale and complexity of the company. The Group's Board comprises the Group Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer and also contains experienced investors from CD&R who bring a wealth of experience and significant resources from this well-established private equity firm. The Directors possess a wide range of skills, backgrounds, experience, and knowledge across a broad range of businesses. The composition of the Board is considered appropriate for the size and complexity of the Company. The Board has established an Audit Committee and a Remuneration Committee, prior to their creation matters were considered directly by the Board. Details of the Board members can be found on page 17.    3. Director responsibilities The board and individual </.i1'ec:torsshoµld have i1 clear understanding of their accounta_bility.µndresjJons.ibilitres. The board's policies andprocedures should. support, effective decision-making ancl.independent challenge. The Directors recognise. the importance of good governance a11dhave a clear understanding. of their roles c,1nd responsibilities. The Di.rectors receive comprehensive and timely reporting of KPis on all aspects of the business, which is used to-support the clecision~makingprocess. The Di.rectors recognise the benefit of independent challenge and have experienced Non.ExectJtive Dil:ectors·appointed to provide this scrutiny: 4. Opporttfnity and risk A boardshouldpromo(e the lonz-terin sustainable .siiccess of the,company by iaenti/)'ing opportunjties to create and preserve-value, establishing oversight/or the identification and niitigation of risks: The business strategy clearly identifies the direction for the Group and qpportunities to deliver this strategy .are.a key focus of the Boai:dmeetings. Ovetsight ofrisk management is performed on an ongoing basis through the Board's futerac;tion.whh.mai:iaMme11t _andby risk being an item on Board agendas, The Board retains overall responsibility for risk management and the senior management team are responsible for identifying and mitigati.rigrisk. The principal risks to the business are outlmed on pages 11 to 14. 5. J?.emuneration A board should promote executive remuneration sttiu::tµres aligned to the long-term· sustainabl~ success of a colnpciny, taking into account pay and co_nd_ition_selsewhere in _thecompany. Remuneration matters during the year were considered directly by the Board, pending the creation of the Remuneration Committee. All future matters relating to remuneration will be considered 1:>ythat body and recommended to the Board for approval, foline with the Committee's terms ofreference. T_heGroup opei:ates sh01t-term and long-term incentive arrangements that have been designed to deliver long-term sustainable profitable growfh. 6. Stakeholqer relationships and engagenien( Directors should joster effective stakeholder relationships aligned to the. company's pwpose, The boai•d is responsible for overseeing meaningful engagement wi(h stakeholders· including the workforce and having/·egard to their yiews·when taking decisions. The Board are aware. of the importance. pf fostering effective-stakeholder reiationships to ~nable the. long term success of the Group. Good communication is key to ·this and there is regular engagement with_ employees, customers; suppliers, local communities and other :Stakeholders.The Directors are committed to, operating in a socially resp·onsible manner, engaging with. the community and developing the business working towards environmental sustainability. The Group has detailed its key stakeholders and their eI).gagementwith them in its Section 172 statement on page 18.
