   Statement of corporate governance arrangements From incorporation onwards our shareholder has sought to apply the highest standards of corporate governance, regularly examining its arrangements to ensure standards remain robust and appropriate as both the internal and external landscape shifts. The Wates Corporate Governance Principles for Large Private Companies were applied throughout the period and continue to be applied as follows: Principle Principle One - Purpose and Leadership An effective Board develops and promotes the purpose of a company, and ensures that its values, strategy and culture align with that purpose. Aoolication • Through the leadership of the Board and preparation of detailed 5-year business plans, a clear vision for the group's purpose and overall values is articulated. The vision, values and execution of the business plan, underpin and define the strategy and culture of the organisation. This ethos is embedded at every level of management. Monthly review meetings are held with all subsidiary companies. The Chairman and Chief Financial Officer meet with the respective executive teams and assess performance versus plan and other key metrics. Outputs from the meeting are cascaded to the wider teams as appropriate. Policies and protocols are in place to support the execution of the group's purpose and values across the organisation, helping to align engagement with employees, shareholders and our wider stakeholders. • Further information on the purpose of the group and its values, strategy and culture can be found in the Strategic Report in the Introduction and s172(1) statement sections on pages 1 ~nd 5. • • Principle Two - Board Composition Effective Board composition requires an effective chair :and a balance of skills, backgrounds, experience and knowledge, with individual directors having sufficient capacity to make a valuable contribution. The size of a Board should be guided by the scale and complexity of the company. • The full Board meets monthly to consider health arid safety, operational matters, people issues, financial and commercial aspects, supply chain and new business opportunities. • All directors including the Chair have varied appropriate backgrounds, qualifications, experience and knowledge to effectively contribute to the Board. • • The composition of the Board is regularly assessed to ensure its composition is reflective of the current and anticipated future needs of the company. • The Boards of all subsidiaries in the WSH group are comprised of executive shareholder directors. Boards of the holding companies include shareholder directors (executive and non-executive) and an independent director (non-executive). The independent director holds no shares in the group and plays a critical role in our ESG, Risk Management and Health & Safety Committees. • The non-executive directors assess the effectiveness of the Board on an on-going basis and provide recommendations to the Chair as required.    Principle Three -Director Responsibilities The Board and individual directors should have a clear understanding of their accountability and responsibilities. The Board's policies and procedures should support effective decision-making and independent challenge. • The Chair is responsible for leadership of the Board on all aspects of its role and setting its agenda. • Each of the directors receives accurate and timely information to allow them to contribute fully. • All Board members are provided clear guidance on what is expected of them as directors. This include_sspecific training for new directors. • The Board has delegated specific responsibilities to WSH committees: The Audit Committee, Remuneration Committee, ESG Committee and Risk Management. The committees are comprised of executive directors, non-executive directors and senior management. Each of these committees has a clear set of objectives and report to both the subsidiary Boards and ultimately the WSH Board. Principle Four - Opportunity and Risk A Board should promote the long-term sustainable success of the company by identifying opportunities to create and preserve value and establishing oversight of the identification and mitigation of risks. • The Board focuses on contract retention as a key metric to allow objective monitoring of the group's performance. • Board members are provided with a regular assessment of the sales pipeline. , • The Risk Management Committee has identified the principal risks across the group. These risks and mitigation systems are reviewed at least monthly and the systems are externally reported in the financial statements each year. Further information can be found on page 2. • The Chair of the group holds monthly meetings with senior executives from each of the WSH brands attending. Principle Five - Remuneration A Board should promote executive remuneration structures aligned to the long-term sustainable success of , a company, taking into account pay and conditions elsewhere in the company. • The group's remuneration policy is defined by the Remuneration Committee which includes a non- executive director. This is further explained in the s172(1) statement within the Strategic Report on page 5. • A key principle of the remuneration policy is to ensure the executive remuneration structures align to the long-term sustainable success of the group. • During the 2021 financial period, directors continued to agree to take temporary pay reductions, to help the business navigate the uncertainties of the Covid-19 pandemic. Principle Six- Stakeholder Relationships and Engagement Directors should foster effective stakeholder relationships aligned to the company's purpose. The Board is responsible for overseeing meaningful engagement with stakeholders, including the workforce, and having regard to their views when taking decisions. • The Board recognises the significance of stakeholder relationships and engagement and places a strong emphasis on fostering meaningful engagement with stakeholders. This is further explained in the s172(1) statement within the Strategic Report on page 5.
