   Corporate governance During the year ended 31 December 2021, WSP UK Limited (the "Company") continued to apply the "Wates Corporate Governance Principles for Large Private Companies". The following summarises how compliance was achieved under each of the six principles: Principle 1 - Purpose and leadership The Company is a wholly owned indirect subsidiary of WSP Global Inc., a company incorporated in Canada and listed in Toronto, and exists to provide a broad range of engineering, consulting and advisory services relating to the built and natural environment to our clients in the UK market. WSP is one of the world's leading professional service firms providing technical expertise and strategic advice to clients in a variety of sectors while operating within the WSP key values, which are: - We value our people and our reputation; - We are locally dedicated with international scale; - We are future-focussed and challenge the status quo; - We foster collaboration in everything we do; and - We have_an empowering culture and hold ourselves accountable. In recent years, the Company has significantly increased in size via organic growth and external acquisition. During the year ended 31 December 2021, the Company had approximately 6,815 employees in the UK and expects to continue to pursue its growth strategy. The Board has adopted the WSP Giobal Inc. 2022-2024 Global Strategic Action Plan with a view to promoting long-term success. The strategy requires focus around our foundational pillars, namely Clients, People and Culture, Operational Excellence and Expertise. Principle 2 - Board composition The Company's Board comprises Mark Naysmith, Chief Executive Officer for the UK and South Africa; Miles Barnard, Chief Financial Officer for the UK and South Africa, Mathieu du Plooy, Chief Operating Officer for the UK and South Africa and Ciaran Thompson, Commercial Director, UK & EMEA. The Board is advised by two, wider cross-discipline senior leadership teams called the Executive Committee (responsible for all operational matters relevant to the Company) and the Executive Leadership Team (responsible for strategic direction and client and people development). Mark Naysmith joined the Company in 1988 and was appointed Chief Executive Officer for the U.K. and South Africa in 2016, after holding a number of senior board positions in the UK an_dthe Republic of Ireland. Mark is a Chartered Engineer (CEng) with a BEng Hons (1st) in Civil and Transportation Engineering and in 2018 he was awarded an Honorary Doctorate of Engineering (Dr.Eng) by Edinburgh Napier University in recognition of the contribution he has made to the built and natural environment. Having started his career as a civil and structural engineer, Mark spent the majority of his practising career as a transport planner. He is accountable for the day-to-day operations of the Company and its strategic growth and direction, together with operational delivery of the Company's projects in the UK and South Africa. He is a member of the Global Leadership Team as well as the UK Executive Committee and the UK Executive Leadership Team. Miles Barnard is Chief Financial Officer for WSP in the UK and South Africa and sits on both the UK Executive Committee and the UK Executive Leadership Team. Miles is responsible for the financial management and governance of the business including reporting and planning which encompasses the setting and delivery of the long-term goals of the business. Miles continues to draw on his knowledge implementing continuous improvements to financial systems, processes and procurement as well as assessing and completing business acquisitions. With broad international experience across different sectors, Miles has led significant business restructuring, operational and financial system improvement projects throughout his career. He was previously the Managing Director of Mouchel Limited, which was acquired by WSP in 2016.    Ciaran Thompson held the position of Chief Operating Officer for the UK from October 2019 to January 2022; since January 2022, he holds the position of Commercial Director, UK & EMEA. He is a Chartered Civil Engineer with extensive experience in project delivery and operational/ commercial management across multiple geographies. He joined WSP in 2010 and was appointed to the Board in September 2020. He is a member of the UK Executive Committee and the UK Executive Leadership Team. Mathieu du Plooy has held the position of Chief Operating Officer UK & ZA since January 2022. He is a Professional Engineering Technologist with extensive experience in• project delivery and operational/commercial management across multiple geographies. He holds a Bachelors of Technology in Mechanical Engineering, a Masters of Business Administration and a Masters of Commerce in Financial Management. He joined WSP in 1999 and was appointed to the Board in January 2022. He is a member of the UK Executive Committee and the UK Executive Leadership Team. The Board holds monthly board meetings. It reviews its composition annually and has developed a structured, medium-term plan for Board succession. The UK Executive Committee and the UK Executive Leadership Team meet frequently throughout the year. Principle 3 - Director responsibilities The Board is responsible for all operational and compliance matters of the Company, including .client service, working capital management, taxation, legal and statutory obligations. While the Company is ultimately owned by a Canadian entity, the Directors of the Company are all UK based and have a high level of familiarity, expertise and knowledge of the UK market. Evaluation of the performance of the Board and evaluation of the performance of individual Directors is conducted via the Performance and Development Review programme annually. Throughout their. tenure as Directors, the training needs of Directors are regularly consi9ered. All Directors have the authority to obtain independent legal advice and have direct access to the UK Head of Legal and Company Secretary. Principle 4 - Opportunity and risk The Company is subject to a number of risks and uncertainties and is affected by a number of factors which could have a material adverse effect on the Company's business, financial condition, operating results, future prospects or achievement of the WSP Global Inc. 2022-2024 Global Strategic Action Plan. The Company maintains and updates a Risk Register, which is overseen by the Chief Operating Officer and which captures business, operational and financial risks with associated mitigating measures. The WSP Global Inc. Board has rolled out group wide initiatives in respect of Health and Safety, Ethics and Compliance and Information Security risks to achieve improved and standardised training, tools and processes across the Group, including the UK. Principle 5 - Remuneration The remuneration of the Chief Executive Officer is reviewed and approved by the WSP Global Inc. Board of Directors. In respect of the remuneration of the other three Directors, the Chief Executive Officer submits a recommendation to, and for approval by, the WSP Global Inc. Chief Operating Officer, who is also a Director on the WSP Global Inc. Board of Directors. Principle 6 - Stakeholder relationships and engagement As a global organisation, WSP strives to bring value to our stakeholders in a safe, ethical and sustainable manner. The Board recognises that the reputation of WSP depends on our ability to be outstanding professionals, acting with honesty, integrity and transparency in our daily dealings with all of our stakeholders in accordance with our Code of Conduct. Aside from the ultimate parent entity WSP Global Inc., our key stakeholders are our employees, suppliers and clients and WSP's approach to engaging with these stakeholders is presented within this Directors' Report.
