   Approach to corporate governance In accordance with the Large and Medium-sized Companies and Group (Accounts and Reports) Regulations 2019· (as- amended by the· Companies (Miscellaneous Reporting) Regulations 2018) (the "Regulations"), for the year ended 30 June 2021, the Group has in its corporate governance arrangements applied the Wates Corporate Governance Principles for Large Private Companies (the "Principles"), which are available at frc.org.uk: The following section explains the Group's approach to corporate go.vernance,_andits application of the. principles ... Principle 1 - Purpose and leadership The Board is responsible for defining the Group's purpose and ensuring a coherent and effective strategy is developed and implemented. The Board prepare an annual Budget and a 3 Year Plan each year, clearly articulating the financial and business objectives. Performance against the Budget and the 3 Year Plan is closely monitored throughout the year and corrective action is taken when required. The Board ensure the strategy, values and purpose are aligned. Principle 2 - Board composition The Board and Executive Team comprises of directors and Senior Managers with considerable professional and industry expertise. Board members and the Executive Team meet regularly and are expected to contribute fully. The size of the Board and wider Executive Team is considered to be consistent with the scale and complexity of the business.    Principle 2- Board compositi0i1(continued) The Board is committed to developing a more diverse workforce and new appointments are made in line with the Equalities Act-2010. Principle 3 - Directors' responsibilities The directors assume ultimate responsibility for the affairs of the Group and along with the senior management are committed to maintaining a robust control framework as the foundation for the delivery of good governance, including effective management of delegation through related Group processes. Policies are in place in relation to potential conflicts of interest which may arise. Principle 4 - Opportunity and·risk The Board has a clear and comprehensive understanding of how the business creates and preserves value in the long-term. The directors fully consider opportunities as they present themselves and assess those against the Group's stated strategy and appetite for risk, progressing those that meet the required criteria. The Board equally acknowledge the importance of effective risk management. The Group maintains a corporate risk register which identifies all plausible risks. The register is reviewed regularly, and mitigating steps are taken to ensure risks are highlighted and effectively managed. Principle 5 - Remuneration The Board have established clear policies on staff remuneration and organisation structure. The directors, senior management and staff are remunerated commensurate with their experience, technical expertise and their relative position within the business. A company-wide pay review is undertaken annually to ensure staff are remunerated in line with the prevailing market rates. Staff incentive schemes have been put in place to ensure staff are.appropriately incentivised and aligned with the Group•~ strategy ?ind stat~d objectives._Incentive payment~ ~re only awarded when operational and financial targets have been met. Principle 6 - Stakeholders The Group has identified several important stakeholders whose relationships with Yodel are critical to the success of the business. These include the workforce, suppliers, customers, industry regulators and Government. As noted in the Strategic Report the Board maintains a close relationship with the stakeholders through open and constructive feedback, ensuring their perspective is considered and acted upon as appropriate.
