   The Wates Principles For the year ended 31 December 2021 the Company has applied_the Wates Corporate Governance Principles published by the Financial Reporting Council (FRC) in December 2018 by virtue of the number of employees it employs. • • 1. Purpose and leadership . The purpose of the Company is the provision of human resources to other companies within the ZIG group, predominately those based in the UK. The Board derives its collective authority by direct delegation from its shareholder. The Board must ensure the Company's prosperity by-collectively directing the Company's affairs whilst meeting the appropriate interests of its shareholder and relevant stakeholders. In addition, the Board • must ensure good customer outcomes whilst enhancing the Company's long-term value to its shareholder through the sustainable and compliant delivery of financial performance targets and the fair treatment of its customers within a-framework of prudent and effective controls. . . . The Board values openness, transparency, and integrity, and it is committed to enabling employees to speak up freely and raise their concerns. In line with the Zurich Code· of Conduct, the Company is- committed to providing. employees with the ability to confidentially report their concerns. The Board receives regular updates on 'speaking up incidents'. Zurich also has an independent third-party whistleblowing hotline to enable employees to make anonymous disclosures via phone call or web form at any hour of the day and every day of the year. 2. Bo~rd composition As at 31 December 2021, the Board consisted of four Executive Directors which meets composition requirements set by the ZIG group. The size and composition of the Board is appropriate to the nature of tlie business and is diverse with an appropriate balance of skills, knowledge and experience allowing effective independent challenge and decision making. To allow for adequate discussion, the individuals occupyi_ngthe roles of the Head of the UK People Team and UK Chief Operating Officer; are appointed to the Board as • Executive Directors. When appointing members to the Board, consideration is given to the director's competency, capacity, experience, gender and diversity of thought. 3. Director responsibilities Accountability The Board and individual directors have a clear· understanding_ of their responsibilities under statute, regulation: and internal governance. Integrity of Information Board papers are circulated in good time. All papers specify the purpose of the paper and contain clear and concise ·executive summaries for further effectiveness and to enhance Board decision-making. 4. Opportunity and risk The Board -considers. risk appetite every quarter to ensure that the Company's activities remain within its approved appetite. The Board considers a Total Risk Profile every quarter which outlines the risks and mitigating actions being taken to address them. The Board also has the opportunity to assess the performance of external suppliers and intra-group arrangements. The framework provides an effective platform to enable the Board to evaluate any risks in order to make informed and robust decisions.    The Board maintains oversight of adherence to the Zurich Remuneration Rules and the appropriate Group policy. • 6. Stakeholder relationship and engagement The UK Corporate Affairs team are responsible· for Diversity ~ Inclusion and Social Media and provide a weekly update on stakeholder engagement across the UK together with details on governmental consultation and inquiries. The Company has an established policy of communicating with employees regularly through all employee emails and Z-Net updates promoting its commitment to risk management, compliance, good conduct, social responsibility, diversity and inclusion, and maintaining employee wellbeing. Further information on engagement with individual stakeholders, including engagement with employees can be found on page 4_and 5 in the Strategic Report.
