   Governance For the year ended 31 December 2021 the Company has applied the Wates Corporate Governance Principles for Large Private Companies published by the Financial Reporting Council (" FRC") in December 2018. 1. Purpose and Leadership The purpose of the Company is to provide long term insurance policies to corporate and retail customers in the United Kingdom. The Board must ensure the Company's prosperity by collectively directing the Company's affairs whilst meeting the appropriate interests of its shareholder and relevant stakeholders. In addition, the Board must ensure good customer outcomes whilst enhancing the Company's long-term value to its shareholder through the sustainable and compliant delivery of financial performance turgets and the fair Lrec1tmentof its customers within a framework of prudent and effective controls .    The Board develops and promotes the purpose of the Company and ensures that its values, strategy and culture align with that purpose. The Board holds an annual strategy event and monitors the implementation of its strategy _throughout the year. The .Board's strategy, priorities _and purpose are communicated through. all "~- ___ ~~-employee email communications from the UK CEO and the Corporate Communications team and throughout the year in divisional leadership meetings. The Board values openness, tran_sparencyand integrity, and it is committed to enabling employees to speak up freely and raise their concerns. In line with the Zurich Code of Conduct, the Company is committed to providing employees with the ability to confidentially report their concerns. The Board receives regular updates on 'speaking up incidents' and has a dedicated director appointed as Whistleblowing Champion. Zurich also has an independent third-party whistleblowing hotline to enable employees to make anonymous disclosuresvia phone call or web form at any hour of the day and every day of the year. The Board annually sets its target culture statement based upon its strategic purpose and values. At the core of - the-corri-pany'ntrategy is ariving· a-sustainable and profitable business-:-TheComp-any'sTarger cu Ito re is to· be___ the most customer centric insurer that does the right thing to ensure good customer outcomes, whilst enhancing the Company's long-term value to its shareholder through the sustainable and compliant delivery of financial performance targets all within a framework of prudent and effective controls. • -- - ----2. Board Composition At 31 December 2021, the Board consisted of four Independent Non-Executive Directors (" INEDs") and four ~~~~~~E"""x=e=cu=tive/Sharenolcier-Representative Directors-wnfch m·eets composition requirements set -15y-tlieGrou-p and -guidance issued by the PRA.The size and composition of the Board is appropriate to the nature of the business and is diverse with an appropriate balance of skills, knowledge and experience allowing effective independent challenge and decision making. When appointing members to the Board, consideration is given to the director's competency, capacity, experience, gender and diversity of thought in accordance with the expectations of the Board's Diversity Policy. The Board uses committees as a method of expanding their work, increasing their efficiency and discussing important issuesin detail. Certain responsibilities have been delegated to the Audit Committee, Risk Committee, and Nomination & Remuneration Committee. The Board maintains oversight of the operation of these committees and sets a Terms of Reference for each which is reviewed and updated annually. As part of this annual review, the Investment Committee was disbanded in January 2021 with responsibilities being transferred to the Board and the Asset & Liability Management Investment Committee (" ALMIC "). The roles of Chair and CEOare separate, with an INEDappointed as Chair of the Board and all Committees to ensure that independence of decision-making is effectively maintained with the independent Chair having a further casting vote. The Nomination & Remuneration Committee is responsible for identifying and nominating appointments to the Board. The Committee ensures that candidates are selected based on merit, in line with the Board Diversity policy and assessedagainst objective criteria. Once a Director is appointed to the Board, an induction programme is completed which is tailored to the individual needs and makes sure they are equipped to perform their duties ·effectively with ongoing development and training. A skills matrix is in place and reviewed annually by the Board allowing members to identify skills and areas for individual and collective development. An additional sub-committee of the Company is the GovernanceAdvisory Arrangement ( "GAA "). The Company Board has oversight of the GAA, comprising of independent members and a Zurich representative, which meets on a quarterly basis to evaluate whether customers are receiving value for money through workplace pension schemes. The Company Board is kept up date on the activities of the GAA through a quarterly report from the GAA Chair. An externally facilitated Board effectiveness review was conducted in 2021, which was used to direct the Board's attention to areas where there might be opportunities to improve its performance. The review judged the Board to be operating effectively but identified certain areas that could be improved. These areas were not deemed to require urgent attention, and overall conclusions drawn were positive. The use of tailored questionnaires, inteNiews with key stakeholders, and obseNation of meetings formed the basis of the review.    countability~. .-.. "'~---·' --==-=- -.. -· ·--·--··--... - ---The Board and individual directors have a clear understanding of their responsibilities under statute, regulation and internal governance. The Board derives its collective authority by direct delegation .from its shareholder. The collective-responsibility of the Board i~;-m-ensurethe Company'sprosperity'l:fy tollectivelyaifectifig tlfe-com-pany's affairs whilst meeting the appropriate interests of its shareholder and relevant stakeholders. The Board's principal aim is to ensure the fair treatment of the Company's customers whilst enhancing the Company's long-term value to its shareholder through the sustainable and compliant delivery of financial performance targets and the fair treatment of its customers within a framework of prudent and effective controls. The Company has been subject to the Senior Managers & Certification Regime ("SMCR") since December 2018 and the Board has approved its Management Responsibility Map ("MRM ") which sets out the responsibilities of the Board as a whole and also contains Statements of Responsibilitiesfor all individuals with Senior Manager ------ Function responsroilityfor ttie Company. As a S6Iveric:Yli-firm, tl'ie Company riii:iintains a Solvency II-policy - • inventory which includes policies for, but not limited to; Risk Management; Capital Management; Internal Controls; Outsourcing and BusinessContinuity. Integrity of Information Board and Committee papers are circulated in good time and are reviewed by Executive members prior to circulation to ensure that information is accurate, clear and comprehensive. All papers specify the purpose of =~~~~_th_e~paQ~r ancj conta_in5:Jearand ~o_ncise_exeq.JtLv.e.sun:imaries_for_furth~r~ffec~il(e_nessa_ndto enhance El_oa~q. decision-making. 4. Opportunity and Risk .. - - ·-----· - • The ·Board ·promotes· the ·long-term sustainable-success of the· business-by·establishing the· oversight -for ·the identification and mitigation of risks. The Risk Committee considers risk appetite quarterly to ensure that the Company's activities remain within its approved appetite. In addition, the Risk Committee considers, on an annual basis, whether the risk appetite remains appropriate for the future strategy of the Company. The Company maintains an ORSA which is reviewed and approved on an annual basis. The Company's current two-year business plan and strategy is aligned to its ORSA which helps inform the Board that the longer-term business is being considered. As part of the Audit Committee responsibilities, internal controls from a financial and a risk perspective are considered and where any failings have been identified, appropriate mitigants are put in place. However, if any failings are of a significant level, the matter will be escalated to the Board for guidance and/or oversight. The regular meetings between the respective Chairs and senior management take place during the meeting cycle to ensure that the appropriate level of information is maintained. The respective Chairs discuss the quarterly agendas with senior management and the Company Secretary to ensure that, where necessary,matters other than standing quarterly and annual items are discussedat meetings. 5. Remuneration The Company has a Nomination & Remuneration Committee and as part of its remit will consider proposed remuneration packages for new senior m;m;:iapr rirpointmenK The Committee's l-'1i111d1yulJJealve is to set remuneration at a level that is consistent with and promotes, sound and effective risk management and does not encourage risk taking that exceeds the Group's risk appetite. At least on an annual basis, the remuneration of senior managers with responsibility for the Company is reviewed.    5. Remuneration (continued) The .Committee maintains oversight of.adherence to the Zurich Remuneration.Rules and oversight.oLadherence to the guidelines in Supervisory Statement 10/16 "Solvency II: Remuneration Requirements". The Company has adopted its own Remuneration Policy Addendum which is considered and approved on an annual basis. The UK • Head of HR is•a standing invitee to Nomination & Remuneration ·committee·meetings and presents-separate reports, containing performance and remuneration data, during the year which will confirm alignment with the appropriate Group policy. • 6. Stakeholder Relationships and Engagement The UK Corporate Affairs team are responsible for External Engagement and Social Media and provide a weekly update to the Executive on stakeholder engagement across the UK together with details on governmental consultation and inquiries. The Company has an established policy of communicating with employees regularly ------tlirougliall employee ema1Is·ancr workplace updates -promoting -its comm1tment-tc5-risk management, compliance, good conduct, social responsibility, diversity and inclusion and maintaining employee wellbeing. The Company's pension policyholders are represented through the Zurich Governance Advisory Arrangement to ensure that their interests are being considered individually and collectively. Paperssubmitted to the Board and/or Committees indicate that, where appropriate, customer interests have been considered and what action has been taken. p 'The Board-considers the interests of stakeholders part of its overall long-term Business Objectives. Furthe·r-information on engagement with individual stakeholders, including engagement with employees can be found in the Strategic Report.
