


Highlight [page 9]: Governance Report For the year ended 31 July 2021, under The Companies (Miscellaneous Reporting) Regulations 2018, the Company has applied the Wates Corporate Governance Principles for Large Private Companies. The governance of the Company is managed at the Group board level. Principle 1 - Company Purpose and Values We started out from very humble beginnings in the early 1990s, and from there the Company and Group has grown to become one of the leading food manufacturing companies in Europe, producing great quality, great value food. We employ more than 16,500 colleagues drawn from over 40 nationalities to make some of the finest food in Britain - from poultry to pizza to pies and from ready meals to ranges of soup. Our teams, working at factories and office locations in England, Scotland, Wales, the Republic of Ireland, the Netherlands and Poland, and are the main reason why our company delivers day in, day out. The Group's stated aim is we want to be the leading Poultry Plus business in Europe; our ambition is • To be one team where everyone counts; • To buy for less, produce for less, sell more for less; • For our customers to be at the heart of everything we do; • To relentlessly innovate to the delight of our customers; and • To make every penny count. These are summarised in our ADART behavioural values relaunched in May 2019: Accountability, Discipline, Agility, Respect and Transparency. An effective board develops and promotes the purpose of a company, and ensures that its values, strategy and.culture align with that purpose. In this respect:-• Shareholders are represented on the board to ensure an understanding of their views; • We have identified the main stakeholders for BHL as being staff, customers, suppliers, bond holders, pension trustees & pension regulator; • We regularly engage with all stakeholders, with updates to staff at all levels on a regular basis; business reviews with customers and key suppliers; quarterly updates given to bond holders; regular meeting with pension trustees; • We launched our ADART behaviours in May 2019 and these are included in on-going performance management; and • We have an established whistleblowing procedure in place which are reported on in the SAG and Audit committees, thereby covering both financial and non financial governance; this was re-launched in June 2021. Principle 2 - Board Composition The Company and Group has a single management board with several sub committees, each with different responsibilities and accountabilities. The roles of Chair, Chief Executive Officer and President are defined and distinct. The main management board, led by a Non-Executive Chairman, provides the governance control for the business. The Chairman is joined on the board by the Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer, representatives of the ultimate shareholders and two other independent non-executive directors. The Independent Non-Executive Directors of the Board are wholly independent in that they have no material business or relationships with the Company that might influence their independence or judgement. The Chairman plays a key role in providing the overall conditions and framework to allow the main Board to govern effectively. Board members represent a wide range of experiences, knowledge and disciplines appropriate for the organisation. Board meetings enable broad discussion, opinion and challenge and facilitate decision making.

Highlight [page 10]: Principle 2 - Board Composition (continued) In addition, certain governance responsibilities are delegated to Board sub committees. Richard Pennycook, the Chair, also chairs the Financing & Pensions Committee, on which the two other non-executive directors also sit. These two non-executive directors also sit on the Remur:ierationand Audit Committees, with the Audit Committee chaired by Ian Ellis and the Remuneration Committee chaired by David Gregory. David Gregory also chairs the Safety and Governance Committee. Principle 3 - Director Responsibilities The Board and individual Directors responsibilities. The board's policies independent challenge. have a clear understanding of their accountability and procedures support effective decision-making and and The Company and Group looks to provide a strong governance framework to allow its boards and committees to make clear and considered decisions based on a full understanding of their accountability and responsibilities. The structure and organisation of the business is clearly defined and documented, and the Board has access to reports ahead of Board meetings to give opportunity to review and then challenge. The main Board meets a minimum of eight times a year, supported by Audit and Safety & Governance committee meetings on at least a quarterly basis and Financing & Pension and Remuneration committee meetings as and when required. The Board and committees receive regular and timely information to support their work, including reports on financial performance, commercial and market analysis, people and culture, health and safety, procurement, technical delivery, sustainability and risk status. Integrity of information is critical in allowing the Directors to exercise their duties and responsibilities. Key financial information is collated from the Group's various accounting systems. The Group's finance function has appropriately qualified staff in each business to ensure the integrity of this information. Financial controls are reviewed as part of an internal audit programme. Their work schedule is set each year in agreement with, and findings reported to, the Audit Committee. Principle 4 - Opportunity and Risk The Board looks to promote the long-term sustainable success of the company by identifying opportunities to create and preserve value and establishing oversight for the identification and mitigation of risks. The Company and Group seeks to deliver profitable growth opportunities that will benefit all its stakeholders whilst mitigating risks that may arise and is focussed on creating long term value. Opportunity The main Board develops, documents and communicates the business strategy. This optimises opportunities identified for the Group to develop and improve its performance and operations. Please see the Strategic Report for further information. Risk The Company and Group is currently developing and strengthening its risk management framework to mitigate the risks faced by the business, with internal controls reviewed by the Group's Internal Audit function and reported on to the Audit Committee. The Group's key operational risks are described in the Strategic Report, with risk reviews undertaken and reviewed by the Audit Committee. Performance of each business is reviewed by the CEO & CFO at monthly business performance revie

Highlight [page 10]: ("BPR"); KPls for each business, and each site are developed and reviewed as part of the BP

Highlight [page 11]: Responsibilities The Company and Group has a documented "Board book" to provide a framework of rules, processes and delegated authorities. Responsibility for day-to day financial and operational control rests with the divisional management. However, certain decisions are reserved to the main board or a relevant sub-committee. This ensures that all expenditure, investments and commitments are subject to appropriate review and approval by the business. Principle 5 - Remuneration The Board looks to promote executive remuneration structures aligned to the long-term sustainable success of a company, taking into account pay and conditions elsewhere in the company and the wider industry. The Remuneration Committee has the responsibility for managing Executive and Senior Management remuneration. The Remuneration Committee's primary objectives are to set the policy and strategy for the remuneration and development of key members of the central and divisional management teams. This is intended to ensure that we have the best people in our business. The remuneration policy shall cover: (i) base salary; (ii) performance related· remuneration to align the interest of the Directors and the Shareholders and reward their individual contributions to the success of the company; (iii) benefits in kind; and (iv) pensions. The Remuneration Committee is also to approve the design of, and determine the targets for, any performance related incentive schemes and approve the calculation and payment of all awards. The Company and Group is an active equal opportunities employer and promotes an environment free from discrimination, harassment and victimisation, where everyone receives equal treatment and career development regardless of age, gender, nationality, ethnic origin, religion, marital status, sexual orientation or disability. All decisions relating to employment practices (including remuneration) are objective, free from bias and based solely upon work criteria and individual merit. Principle 6 - Stakehold~rs The Directors foster effective stakeholder relationships aligned to the company's purpose. The Board is responsible for overseeing meaningful engagement with stakeholders, including the workforce, and having regard to their views when taking decisions. For details of how we engage with our stakeholders please see the section 172 (1) statement that forms part of this report by cross reference.