

 Governance Streamlined Energyand carbon Reporting("SECR") Large companies operating in the UK are now required to report their carbon emissions and energy consumption on an annual basis. As the Company relies on the its parent entity Yorkshire Building Society ("YBS") to support all of its operational activities, it does not directly emit carbon. There is currently no mechanism in place for YBSto apply a 'carbon recharge' to subsidiary entities. The Directors are aware that the financial reporting and governance requirements in respect of the environment are rapidly evolving and they continue to monitor the discussions to assessthe impact this may have on the Company in future reporting periods A full breakdown of the YBSGroup's emissions is included in the Yorkshire Building Society Group 2021 Annual Report and Accounts.

The Board has considered the best practice principles set out in the Wates Corporate Governance Principles for Private Business (Wates Principles) and sought to apply them wherever applicable. The table below sets out how the Wates Principles have been applied during 2021:

 Principle How it Applies to Accord Principle One -Purpose and Leadership Accord is a wholly owned subsidiary of YBS. Accord is a dedicated intermediary lender that originates loans secured on residential and buy to let property through a trusted broker network, supporting the long term growth and profitability of the YBSGroup. An effective board YBS'spurpose is to provide 'Real Help with Real Life', the Society is there to help people have a developsand place to call home, help people towards a greater financial wellbeing and to deliver long term promotesthe sustainable value. Accord is fully integrated into the YBSgovernance structure and as part of the purposeof a wider YBS Group, Accord supports and promotes the Group's strategy, purpose, values and company,and culture in the areas in which it operates. ensuresthat its values,strategyand The Accord Board reviews the Lending Plan each year which sets out its strategy over the next culture alignwith that five years and is built on the foundations of the Group's purpose and strategy. The Plan is aligned purpose. to the Group's value strategy with the aim to deliver sustainably funded growth. The Accord Lending Plan in turn forms a key component of the Group's overall lending strategy within its Corporate Plan. During 2021 a key strategic focus continued to be the response to the COVID-19 pandemic and ensuring that the requirements of customers, brokers and other key stakeholders continued to be met. Further information on YBS'sstrategy, purpose, values and culture can be found in the YBSAnnual Report and Accounts 2021. All directors understand their duties, including promoting the success of the company. Further detail on how the directors S172 duties have been fulfilled can be found in the S172 Statement in the Strategic Report on page 6. Principle Two - The Accord Board is made up of YBSSenior Managers, Chief Officers and an Executive Director. Board Composition Each of the directors brings a variety of skills to the Board through their experience and their spans of control within the wider Group. As at 31 December 2021 there were six statutory Effectiveboard compositionrequires directors of the Accord Board. The Accord Board met four times in 2021. an effective chair and The size of the Board is considered appropriate for a subsidiary board where the company's a balanceof skills, operations are integrated in the wider Group. backgrounds, Members of the Board are appointed by YBS as the sole shareholder based on the areas of experienceand knowledge,with experience each director brings to the company, including but not limited to operations including individual directors customer service, operational resilience, finance and risk. havingsufficient The appointment of a YBS Board Executive Director as an Accord Director ensures that there is capacityto make a direct feedback from the Accord Board to the Group Board. The remaining directors are either valuablecontribution. Chief Officers or members of the YBS Senior Leadership Team ensuring that there is direct The sizeof a board . . feedback into the key Management Committees for the Group. should be guided by the scaleand Following the retirement of two Accord directors at the end of 2020, two new directors joined complexityof the the Board with effect from 1 January 2021. The new appointments were made following a review company. of the Board's composition taking into account the required mix of skills, backgrounds and diversity. A full handover process was completed to support the appointment of the new directors and, where appropriate, Accord specific training was provided, for example in relation to Accord's role in securitisation transactions. It is recognised that diversity is an ongoing challenge, however, this continues to be considered as part of reviews of the governance and composition of the Accord Board taking into account the commitment of the Group as a whole to achieving greater diversity and developing the diversity of the talent pipeline. This includes the appointment of directors in January 2021.

 Further information can be found in the YBSAnnual Report and Accounts 2021

 Effectiveness and Development The effectiveness of the Accord Board is subject to oversight by YBSas the parent company and to support this bi-annual updates are provided to the YBSBoard covering key areas in relation to governance, operations and performance. The Accord Board undertakes an annual review of its own effectiveness through an internal evaluation facilitated by the Company Secretary. There were no significant issues arising as a result of the 2021 evaluation review. Professional development of directors is identified through their roles as part of the wider Group together with regular performance evaluations. Principle Three -Directors Responsibilities The board and individual directors should havea clear understandingof their accountabilityand responsibilities.The board's policiesand proceduresshould support effective decision-makingand independentchallenge. Accord and the wider YBSGroup are committed to maintaining robust corporate governance practices. The governance framework for the Company is clearly set out in its Articles of Association and the roles and responsibilities of the Board are set out in its Terms of Reference. The Terms of Reference are reviewed on at least an annual basis. The Accord directors are accountable for the governance and management of the Company, including collective responsibility for its long term success, and act in accordance with all the relevant and applicable regulatory and statutory requirements. The Board is also responsible for ensuring YBS, as the parent, is aware of any exceptional matters relating to its operations and governance, particularly where there would be an impact on the overall Group. All activities required for the day to day running of Accord are carried out by YBS and the framework for these arrangements are set out in an lntragroup Outsourcing Agreement. Performance against key agreed outsourcing measures is monitored at each scheduled meeting of the Accord Board. The Board meets at least four times a year and receives information on all key aspects of the business to ensure it has oversight of Accord's operations, including financial and operational performance (which incorporates performance against key service levels agreed as part of the Intragroup Outsourcing Agreement). The directors of the Accord Board are subject to the requirements of the YBSGroup's Directors and Chief Officers Conflicts of Interest Policy. At each Board meeting, all directors are asked to declare any potential conflicts of interest. Any declarations are added to the register of interests as appropriate and if a potential conflict was identified appropriate mitigating actions would be agreed. Principle Four -Opportunity and Risk Strategic opportunities planning process. are identified and developed as part of the overall Group Strategy A board should The Company is part of the wider YBSGroup which applies its risk management policies to the promote the long term risks of the Group as a whole. As such any risks within Accord as an individual entity are sustainablesuccessof considered at Group level, including those arising as a result of relationships and transactions the companyby with other Group companies. identifying ·t· t t T h e ris • k exposures are f urt h er un d erstoo d t h roug h a compre h ens1ve • suite • o f stress tests un d er oppo rt uni 1es o crea e and preservevalue, and the wider group framework thereby ensuring that management has a clear perspective on the establishingoversight extent of its risks and the acceptability of those risks in all plausible circumstances. for identification and The YBSChief Risk Officer is a member of the Accord Board ensuring there is a direct link with mitigation of risks. the Group Risk function. Each paper presented to the Accord Board includes a section setting out the risk implications of any proposals within the framework of the Group's approach to risk management. Reviews by the Compliance and Internal Audit teams include coverage of Accord both directly and indirectly with relevant outcomes reported to the Group Risk Committee and the Accord Board which then monitors the resolution of any actions arising.

Further detail in respect of Accord can be found in the Risk Management Report on pages 9 to 13. Further information on the Groups' approach to strategy and risk management can be found in the YBSAnnual Report and Accounts 2021. Principle Five -Remuneration Accord is not an employer, all services required for the conduct of its operations are provided by YBSemployees or contractors or through outsourcing arrangements. Updates are provided to the Accord Board on engagement with those employees who provide operational services to Accord. A board should promote executive remuneration structuresalignedto the longterm sustainablesuccessof a YBSvalues its employees and is committed to ongoing engagement. Further detail on the YBS company,taking into approach to employee engagement and remuneration, including its Remuneration Policy, can accountpay and be found in the YBSAnnual Report and Accounts 2021. The directors of the Accord Board are not separately remunerated for their role on the subsidiary. conditionselsewherein the company. Principle Six -Stakeholder Relationships and Engagement Shareholder As a wholly owned subsidiary, the Accord Board duly considers the views of its sole shareholder, YBS,and the interests of the Group as a whole as part of its decision making. Accord recognises the role of YBS as its sole shareholder and parent company and provides updates to the YBS Board on its performance and governance arrangements. The Accord Board regularly receives updates from key YBSstakeholders including Finance, Risk and Compliance. Directorsshouldfoster effective stakeholder relationshipsalignedto Brokers the company'spurpose. The board is Engagement with our brokers has continued during 2021 despite the challenges of the COVID-responsiblefor 19 pandemic. The Board recognises that the quality of service provided is key to the success of overseeingmeaningful the company and continues to monitor feedback together with the Net Promoter Score {NPS) engagementwith to measure satisfaction and identify any improvements required. stakeholders,including Customers the workforce, and havingregardto their As a dedicated intermediary lender, Accord recognises the importance of working in partnership viewswhen taking with intermediaries to meet the needs of customers and maintain service excellence. decisions. Engagement and support is provided to brokers through a variety of means, including a dedicated team of Business Development Managers, and updates on service and engagement initiatives are provided to the Accord Board where appropriate. Regulator Accord is regulated by the Financial Conduct Authority {FCA). Compliance and regulatory activities are managed at Group level, however, and the Board receives at least an annual update on the Group's regulatory engagement highlighting areas which may be of significance to Accord, including the outcomes of any site visits specifically conducted by the FCA. VBS Colleagues Whilst Accord does not have any employees, it is recognised that decisions could impact on colleagues within the YBSGroup. Therefore, details of any such impacts are set out in papers submitted to and considered by the Accord Board. Other Stakeholders The Board is committed to taking into account the views of and understanding its impact on its key stakeholders. Papers considered by the Accord Board set out the implications of any decision on the Company's key stakeholders, including customers, YBSmembers where relevant as a group wide impact, YBScolleagues and so on. For further detail see the Section 172 Statement on page 6.
