

Highlight [page 7]: Corporate Governance Statement Ageas UK considers a strong culture of corporate governance and ethical behaviour is fundamental to the way it does business, and therefore a governance framework that complies with the Wates Corporate Governance Principles for Large Private Companies (Wates Principles) has been adopted by the Ageas UK Boards. An Ageas UK Governance Manual has been established which incorporates these principles, together with those as set out within the PRA Rulebook, the FCA Handbook and the UK Corporate Governance code (where relevant), which explains how these principles are reflected in the organisation and operations of the Ageas UK businesses. The corporate governance framework is reviewed at least annually by the Ageas UK Boards to confirm that governance arrangements remain effective. The Company complies with the Wates Principles as follows:

Highlight [page 8]: Principle one: Purpose and Leadership The purpose of Ageas UK is to 'Understand People+ Simplify Insurance'. The Ageas UK Boards develop and promote this purpose, and ensure that its vision, values, strategy, and culture align with it. This purpose, as well as the Ageas Group wide values of 'Care, Dare, Deliver and Share', form the basis of the Ageas UK Strategy set by the Ageas UK Boards and are embedded into Ageas UK's way of working. The purpose and values underpin Ageas UK's strategic priorities of 'compete where we can win', 'maximise commercial value', 'invest in the best' and 'pride in low cost'. Details have been cascaded to employees by the UK Executive Team at a series of employee briefings, with functional and individual priorities and objectives aligned to the values and strategy, and recognition schemes reflecting the values and these strategic priorities. The Ageas UK Boards set the tone from the top, they have articulated the desired culture within the Ageas UK values and behaviours framework and the UK strategy, and act in a manner consistent with this framework, including building positive relationships with all stakeholders. Formal responsibility for leading the development of culture, and for overseeing the adoption of Ageas UK's culture on a day to day basis has been apportioned by the Ageas UK Boards to the Chair and CEO, with quarterly reports providing information to support oversight. Principle two: Board Composition Ageas UK is committed to attracting and retaining Boards of Directors whose composition reflects a diversity of backgrounds, skills, knowledge, abilities, and experience necessary for the Boards to be effective, including the appointment of Independent Non-Executive Directors ('INEDs') with the capacity and capabilities to make a valuable contribution, and provide independent and informed challenge. The objective is that the Boards as a whole have the appropriate range of competencies and experiences, with sufficiently independent and informed challenge provided to the Executive Directors both from an external perspective (via INEDs) and from an Ageas Group perspective (via Ageas Group Executive and Non-Executive Directors). Appointments are based on merit, and also consider diversity and the mix of skills required. A copy of the Ageas UK Boards' diversity and inclusion statement is available on the Ageas UK website (www.ageas.co.uk) and further information regarding Ageas' approach to diversity and inclusion can be found in the Stakeholder Engagement statements on page 11. The current composition of the Ageas Insurance Limited Board is set out on page 1. There is a clear division of responsibilities between the Chair of the Boards and the CEO, whereby the Chair is responsible for the leadership of the Boards, and the CEO is responsible for the day to day leadership of the business operations. The Chair is an INED and has a pivotal role in setting the Boards' cultural tone, facilitating positive behaviours, and creating the conditions for the overall effectiveness of the Boards and individual directors. A formal review and assessment of the performance of the Board and its directors is undertaken on a regular basis. During 2021 the Chairman led a Board effectiveness review, facilitated by an independent external company. The results of the review were presented to the Ageas UK Boards and an action plan to address the identified areas of improvement was produced and tracked by the Boards throughout the year. Ageas UK is committed to the ongoing professional development of the Board, and the training and the development needs of each director are regularly reviewed. To support Board development, a series of focus sessions are organised throughout the year and directors engage with all training opportunities provided.

Highlight [page 9]: Principle three: Director Responsibilities The decision-making framework within Ageas UK is defined by the Ageas UK Boards using high-level parameters agreed with Ageas Group. It reflects the principle of delegated authority based on competence and appropriate mechanisms and triggers for escalation. The framework is a tiered approach with ultimate authority in the UK resting with the Ageas UK Boards. Guiding principles have been established by the Ageas UK Boards within the Ageas UK Governance Manual, and roles and responsibilities are clearly articulated in the Boards' Terms of Reference. The Boards delegate authority to certain key governance committees and the scope and responsibilities of each committee is set out in separate Terms of Reference which are agreed by the Boards. The corporate governance framework also operates effectively through individuals fulfilling their responsibilities These are outlined within specific job descriptions, role profiles and the Ageas UK Management Responsibilities Map. Accountabilities are further recorded within policies and processes where relevant. The Ageas UK Boards receive timely, accurate, complete, and relevant management information, in a form and of a quality appropriate to enable it to discharge its duties. In particular, the Board receives a balanced and understandable assessment of the Company's performance, strategic position, stakeholders, and prospects consistent with the values and standards set. Principle four: Opportunity and Risk The role of the Ageas UK Boards is to perpetuate the long term, sustainable success of the Ageas UK business, Ageas UK strategy is set by the Boards, balancing entrepreneurship with sound control and risk management. The Ageas UK Boards are supported by the Board Risk Committee, which is comprised of INEDs and a Group Executive Director. This Committee assists the Boards in fulfilling their responsibilities for the oversight of the adequacy and effectiveness of risk governance and the capital allocation models, and in particular the risk profile relative to the risk appetite determined by the Ageas UK Boards. The Committee reports to the Ageas UK Boards on its activities, and the principal risks and uncertainties have been documented within the strategic report. Ageas UK is organised within a "three lines of defence" model of operation consistent with that established across the Ageas Group. Management and staff within each Ageas UK function have the primary responsibility for owning and managing risks (first line of defence). Oversight of the effective operation of the internal control framework is supported by the Risk Management and Compliance functions (second line of defence). The third line of defence is provided via independent verification and challenge of the adequacy and effectiveness of the internal risk and control management framework by the Internal Audit Function. Both the Audit Committee and the Board Risk Committee oversee the adequacy and effectiveness of internal controls, receiving reports from the Risk Management, Compliance and Internal Audit Functions and track actions. Principle five: Remuneration The Ageas UK Boards have established a Remuneration Committee, comprised of INEDs, Group Executive and Non-Executive Directors, to consider and ensure that the framework and arrangements that govern the remuneration of the executive and senior management are appropriate, transparent, and aligned with Ageas UK's long term business strategy, risk appetite and values. The Terms of Reference of the Remuneration Committee make it clear that the pay and employment conditions of all Ageas UK employees is considered when reviewing the structure of the Executive remuneration package. Employees of work level 6 and above are invited to participate in the Ageas Group Share Linked Incentive Plan.

Highlight [page 10]: Principle six: Stakeholder Relationships and Engagement The Ageas UK Boards have a responsibility to set and maintain a culture, values and standards that have customers at the heart of how the Company's business is conducted and to ensure that the Company's obligations to its shareholders and other stakeholders, including customers, employees, suppliers, the community, the environment, and regulators, are understood and met. A range of mechanisms have been established to support directors in the discharge of their duties and obligations to key stakeholders are understood and met, and further detail, including the Company's approach to diversity and inclusion, and environmental social and governance matters has been included within the Stakeholder Engagement statements on pages 9-13.