

Highlight [page 7]: Corporate Governance Statement The Wates Corporate Governance Principles for Large Private Companies provides a framework for the Company to demonstrate how the Board promotes the long-term success of the Company and its stakeholders, and complies with section 172 of the Companies Act 2016. Throughout 2022 the Board will continue to consider how best to address its engagement with stakeholders over both the long and short term. Purpose - The Company's purpose is to provide safe and trusted air-to-air refuelling, air transport and ancillary services to enable its customers· success, be It for the UK Ministry of Defence through the FSTA and related contracts, or for military allies. AirTanker seeks to exploit its skills and capabilities to deliver safe, trusted and world leading aviation services to support our customers' strategic and tactical capabilities.

Highlight [page 8]: Corporate Governance Statement (continued) Composition - The Board comprises an independent non~xecutive Chairman, Chief Executive, Chief Financial Officer, and Chief Operating Officer as well as up to three non-executive directors, nominated by shareholders. This composition provides a range of understanding and experience of the different elements supporting the Company's operations which ensures a focus on not only financial and business performance, but operational excellence, safety and the underlying complexity of AirTanker's business. In addition, the presence of directors nominated by shareholders on the Board of Directors, and the provisions of the Shareholders Agreement ensure that members of the company are treated fairly. Responsibilities - The Board meet regularly throughout the year, and in addition has standing committees to provide additional focus on financial matters. audit (including internal audit and internal controls) and remuneration. The Board receives regular updates on financial performance, risk, compliance with laws and regulations. customer engagement. staff engagement, and corporate social responsibility. The Shareholder Agreement defines certain limits of the Board, and the Board delegates a defined list of authority to the Executive management. Opportunity & Risk - The role of the Board is to promote the long-term success of the Company. Management proactively considers, and discusses with the Board, opportunities to enhance value over time of its services and its product. as well as presenting on future risks. Furthermore, the Company has to report to its lenders on covena11tperformance which does include long term projections. Should covenant performance of the Company be insufficient, the Company is unable to make distributions to shareholders. Remuneration - The Company does not have any employees. The Company does pay secondment fees in relation to services performed by certain directors, and their remuneration is set by the Remuneration Committee which is comprised of non-executive directors who do not benefit from the decisions of the Committee. Stakeholders - The Board has a responsibility to oversee meaningful engagement with stakeholders. and to conduct constructive relationships in pursuit of the Company's purpose. The board receives regular updates on financial performance, risk, compliance with laws and regulations. customer engagement, secondee engagement, and corporate social responsibility. The Executive Management is the same for both the Company as for its subcontractor, AirTanker Services Limited. Furthermore. each of the shareholder's nominate a director which provides an insight into shareholder concerns. but also ·the interests of the Company's suppliers. The Company works constructively with its customer and its subcontractors to ensure that charitable causes are supported. Furthermore, the Company engages with its customer and subcontractors to explore ways to minimise the environmental Impact of its operations.