

Highlight [page 36]: The Wates CorporateGovernancePrinciples As per the prior year, the Group has applied the Wates Corporate Governance Principles for Large Private Companies (the "Wates Principles" or the "Principles"), published by the Financial Reporting Council ("FRC") in December 2018. The Wates Principles provide a framework for the Board to monitor corporate governance standards across the Group, ensuring that the business remains aligned to its purpose, and identifying opportunities for further enhancements to our governance framework. We believe application of the Principles results in better engagement with our stakeholders, including customers and distribution partners, employees, and suppliers, and ultimately better outcomes for those groups, and for our wider stakeholders, including the communities in which the business operates, and the environment. The table below summarises the six Wates Principles and explains how each one has been applied by Board and indicates where more information can be found in the strategic and governance reports. Throughout 2021/22, the Board will continue to review opportunities to strengthen corporate governance. Principle Summary Page Purposeand leadership The Board is responsible for the overall leadership of the Group, and for promoting the Group's culture and values, while at the same time considering how to implement policies and decisions made by the shareholder. It is responsible for approval of the Group's strategic plans, which aim to generate long-term sustainable value. Our Purpose - "Backing people to fulfil life's hopes and dreams" - is why we exist. We turn problems into opportunities and help those that others turn their backs on, looking for ways to say yes, rather than no, and focusing on people's future potential. We are committed to being fairer, more inclusive and making finance work for good, getting money to where it is needed and helping our economy prosper. We have supported small and medium sized businesses ("SM Es") and served society for over 12 years. SMEs drive growth and provide employment opportunities and by supporting these businesses and helping them get access to finance, we contribute to a more prosperous society. 4 24 28 Boardcomposition The Board comprises ten directors - the Chair, two executive directors, five independent non-executive directors, and two shareholder non-executive directors. The non-executive directors bring outside experience across a range of areas, including finance, banking, strategy, risk, communications, brand, and te.chnology, and provide constructive challenge and influence. The composition of the Board is partly determined by the agreement with the shareholder. The Board believes that diversity is an important ingredient of board effectiveness, and that a diverse board will bring richer and more broad-based perspectives to governance and decision-making. The Board adopted the targets of the Hampton-Alexander Review {33% female representation on the Board) and the Parker Review (one director of colour on the Board) in February 2021, as part of a longer-term aspiration for the composition of the Board to broadly match the gender mix of the UK population. As at the date of this report, the representation of women on our Board stands at 30% and the Board's membership includes one director of colour. The Board also acknowledges its leadership role, beyond Board composition, to promote the Group's broader societal responsibility to embrace and encourage diversity and inclusiveness. The Board has committed to encouraging people to uphold values and behaviours that promote diversity and inclusiveness, that ensure fairness of opportunities, and that remove any barriers to diversity, inclusivity, and fairness where they might exist, through its governance processes and priorities. All Board appointments are subject to a formal, rigorous and transparent procedure and are made on individual merit against a defined job specification and criteria. The Company

Highlight [page 37]: seeks to ensure that at least half the Board, excluding the Chair, is made up of independent non-executive directors. The Company aims to have a Board that brings perspectives, skills and experiences from a wide range of backgrounds and disciplines. The Board appointment process is overseen by the Board Corporate Governance and Nomination Committee, which ensures candidates from a diverse range of backgrounds are considered on merit and against objective criteria. The process includes consideration of the impact individual candidates will have on overall Board diversity. On 1 August 2021 an apprentice Board member, Nicolina Andall, was appointed. Nicolina will observe Board and Board Committee meetings and the Board has welcomed the creation of the role as a means of giving aspiring and diverse talent first-hand experience of a commercial board, as an observer rather than as a director. The effectiveness of the Board and its committees is formally evaluated on an annual basis by means of completion of a self-assessment questionnaire by each Board member, followed by review meetings between the Chair and individual directors. The Senior Independent Director is responsible for appraising the performance of the Chair. In 2021 the review was facilitated by an external party, Mindcor, with the process additionally involving qualitative interviews with all Board members. The review examined Board composition, dynamics, decision-making, the quality of information received and how the Board spent its time. It evaluated the effectiveness of individual directors, the Board Committees and the Company Secretary. Progress against recommendations arising from the annual effectiveness review is monitored by the Board, and findings inform Board succession planning. The 2021 assessment concluded that the Board and the individual directors have been effective over the last year and identified future priorities. The Board agreed to strengthen its composition by adding more digital expertise and also to prioritise female candidates in searches for future Board vacancies, in order to increase female representation on the Board. It also identified a need to pivot its focus away from detailed operational matters to allow greater focus on commercial and strategic challenges and agreed steps to improve its oversight of strategy execution and change. It agreed to streamline attendance at Board meetings in order to support open, uninhibited discussions. Finally, the Board agreed to progress plans for alternating between face-to-face meetings and hybrid meetings, where some Board members attend in person and some join remotely, and to increase the amount of interaction outside of Board meetings with the shareholder non-executive directors.

Highlight [page 38]: Directors' Responsibilities The Board has a non-executive Chair to ensure that the balance of responsibilities, accountabilities and decision making is effectively maintained. The non-executive directors provide constructive challenge in the Board's decision-making processes. The Board receives regular reports on business, financial performance, colleague matters and engagement, stakeholders and key business risks. The Board has established an Audit Committee, a Risk Committee, a Remuneration Committee and a Corporate Governance and Nomination Committee. Each of these committees has clearly defined Terms of Reference, and the Board receives regular updates on the activities and decisions of each committee. The Audit Committee is comprised entirely of independent non-executive directors and the Risk, Remuneration and Corporate Governance and Nomination Committees are comprised entirely of non-executive directors, the majority of whom are independent. The Board regularly reviews governance processes, the quality and integrity of management information and the effectiveness of internal processes and controls. 52 Opportunityand Risk Long-term strategic opportunities are evaluated by the Board. The Risk Committee plays a key role in providing oversight and advice to the Board on the current risk exposures and future risk strategy of the Group, including the development and implementation of the Group's Risk Management Framework. It also oversees performance against the Group's approved risk appetite. The Executive Risk Committee assists the Chief Risk Officer in designing and embedding the Group's Risk Management Framework, monitoring adherence to risk appetite statements, and identifying, assessing and controlling the principal risks within the Group. 42 Remuneration The Remuneration Committee has clearly defined terms of reference and is responsible for setting the Group's remuneration policy and recommending and monitoring the level and structure of remuneration for the Chair of the Board, all executive directors, members of the senior leadership team, and any identified staff, including pension rights and any compensation payments. Pay is aligned with performance, considering fair pay and conditions across the Group's workforce. Details of remuneration structures are set out in the Remuneration Committee Report on page 48. The Committee takes advice from independent external consultants who provide updates on legislative requirements, market best practice and remuneration benchmarking. 47 --Stakeholder relationshipsand engagement At the heart of our business is our Purpose - "Backing people to fulfil life's hopes and dreams". It is a statement fundamentally aimed at our customers (including our intermediary partners) because they are the reason we exist, and it signifies the role we play in their lives. The Section 172(1) Statement on pages 28 sets out the details of some of the engagement that takes place at an operational or Group-level with key stakeholders.