

Highlight [page 14]: Corporate Governance Report For the year ended December 31, 2021 the Company applied the Wates Corporate Governance Principles for large private companies ("Wates Principles") to its business and this report sets out how the Wates Principles were applied. The Company is a wholly owned subsidiary of Allianz Holdings pie and leverages the gqvemance structure of the Group, with Allianz Holdings pie, the Company's immediate shareholder, also adopting and applying the Wates Principles. The Company's Board and the Board of Allianz Holdings pie are comprised of the same Directors and the Boards apply the same group governance structure.

Highlight [page 15]: Principle One - Purpose and Leadership Purpose and Strategy The Company's purpose of "We Secure your Future" is aligned with that of the Group and the wider Allianz SE Group. The Group's and the Company's ambition is to be the best loved and most recommended by customers and partners, to attract and retain the best people and consistently exceed target returns and be recognised as leading the industry in its approach to ESG. The purpose and ambition is implemented through commitment to the Allianz SE Group's business strategy of "Simplicity at Scale.· The current strategy was agreed in 2019 and spans to 2025, with changes made during the annual planning and strategic dialogue processes. The Chair is responsible for leading Board discussions on strategy matters. Strategy is developed by the Board as part of the Group-wide strategy. The aligned strategy of the Group is then segmented and the Company's Board and senior leadership team focus on the Company's part in the wider strategy and plans and how these will be delivered and aligned with the Company's Purpose. Segmenting the plans allows Allianz Commercial and Allianz Personal and their respective lines of business to be differentiated as required to meet the overall strategy and objectives of the Group and the Allianz SE Group. The strategy is also discussed and agreed with the ultimate shareholder, Allianz SE, through the annual planning and strategic dialogue processes. The CEO of Allianz Holdings pie is responsible for delivery the overall strategy of the Group, along with the Allianz Holdings pie Executive Committee which includes senior leadership from both Allianz Commercial, Allianz Personal and central functions which support the Group. The CEO of Allianz Commercial is responsible for implementation of the Company's commercial strategy and there is an Allianz Commercial executive committee to support the CEO. Personal lines business is the responsibility of the CEO of Allianz Personal, supported by the Allianz Personal Executive Committee. The strategy concentrates on three strategic objectives - Outperform, Transform and Rebalance - and is underpinned by the Renewal Agenda which comprises five important themes of customer centricity, technical excellence, digital by default, growth engines and inclusive meritocracy. We benchmark ourselves against best in class to continually improve the customer experience. The objectives focus on being simple, digital and scalable. The business is also transforming its IT and digital capabilities as part of an Allianz SE Group wide initiative in order to improve productivity, reduce complexity and increase customer satisfaction. In addition, there is a focus on our people and ensuring that people of all backgrounds feel included and able to succeed and in ensuring the Company continues to operate in an ethical way. During the year, the Company was ranked 26th by the Inclusive Top 50 UK Employers list, showing the continued focus on this area. Values and Culture In line with ~ur purpose, we put our people first and our customers at the heart of everything we do. Our brand promise and leading service differentiates us. Allianz's values are embedded within its culture and the policies it upholds. The Board has a strong emphasis on integrity and honesty. During 2021, the Board engaged an independent third party to provide an assessment and more detailed understanding of the Company's current culture and its impact which it aims to align with the regulatory requirements. The review included, amongst other things, exploring how the culture supports the delivery of good customer outcomes, differences and similarities in culture between Allianz Commercial and Allianz Personal divisions of the business and whether the purpose is understood by employees. The review involved interviews, focus groups and a survey and the Board received a report on the findings. The survey found that the culture was centred on caring for our people and our customers. Detailed action plans were developed based on the findings, which will enable the Board to lead on shaping the desired culture as the business grows and develops. The Group's policies and practices help reinforce the Group's values and required behaviours and attitudes amongst employees. The values are underpinned by the four "People Attributes" - customer and market excellence, collaborative leadership, entrepreneurship and trust, against which the performance of ~II of our people is measured. When the Company procures products and services from third ·parties, it looks to do so in a sustainable manner and with an unwavering commitment to transparency within any supply chain. With respect to the Company's own products and services, they must always be clearly explained and honestly marketed. In

Highlight [page 16]: Principle One - Purpose and Leadership (continued) Values and Culture (continued) 2021, the Company introduced its sustainable procurement charter to encourage its suppliers to adopt and develop sound Environmental, Social and Governance (ESG) practices. For future tender assessments, the Company will apply a minimum weighting of 10% to ESG factors, as a way of prioritising suppliers that have embedded sustainable and ethical practices within their organisation. The Company will also provide support and education to suppliers who are invested in ESG. Allianz wants to partner with suppliers who understand the nature of the materials, products and services they're providing and the importance of protecting the environment and fostering good relations with their employees and their local communities. The Group's environmental, social and governance strategy is embedded within the business and has been reviewed by the Board. Under this strategy Allianz strives to be a responsible insurer, responsible investor, committed corporate citizen and a trusted company. Allianz knows that by acting responsibly it can provide products and services that meet its customers' needs, reduce the impact of our operations by being environmentally efficient and help the transition to a low carbon economy. Principle Two - Board Composition Composition Size and Structure For the year ended December 31, 2021, the Board of the Company comprised five independent non-executive directors, including an independent non-executive Chair, one shareholder nominated non-executive director and three executive directors. In 2022, following the appointment of S C McGinn to the Board, the executive directorships have increased to four. The role of the Chair (being the Chair of the Board of Allianz Holdings pie as well as the Company) and the role of Group CEO and (since July 2021) the Allianz Commercial and Personal CEOs, are separate and clearly defined. The Chair is responsible for the effectiveness of the Board, including facilitating objective debate to ensure effective decision-making. During 2020, R O Hudson indicated his intention to step down as Chair in 2021. P J Evans was selected to become the new independent non-executive Chair and a Director of the Company and was appointed with effect from May 14 2021, on receipt of regulatory approval. RO Hudson resigned from the same date. P J Evans' appointment was made through a robust selection process focussed around finding a candidate with sufficient board and chairing experience as well as relevant skills and competencies to make a meaningful contribution as the Chair of the Board. An independent executive search firm was engaged to support the selection process which was led by the outgoing Chair and overseen by the Compensation and Nominations Committee with the appointment being finally approved by the Board. The UK Group CEO and Shareholder nominated director also contributed to the selection process. The Group CEO as well as the CEOs of Allianz Commercial and Allianz Personal are responsible for executing the strategy of the Company. The CEO of the Group also fulfils the role of CEO of the Company which includes both commercial and personal products. On November 30, 2021, J Dye, stepped down as CEO of the Company and the Group and resigned as a Director of both the Company and Allianz Holdings pie. J Dye was replaced by C Holmes as CEO of the Company and the Group and appointed to the Company's Board subject to regulatory approval. While awaiting regulatory approval, the Directors decided to formally approve his appointment as a Director with effect from February 22, 2022. In July 2021, the Group undertook a Restructure, creating two trading divisions, Allianz Personal and Allianz Commercial, supported by the integrated central functions of Finance, Risk and Human Resources. Each trading division has a CEO to lead that part of the business: Allianz Personal is led by S Treloar and Allianz Commercial is led by S C McGinn. While awaiting regulatory approval, the Directors decided to formally approve S C McGinn's appointment as a Director with effect from February 22, 2022. The revised structure of the Board better reflects the nature of the business of the Company and the Group. Following the Board effectiveness review which was undertaken during 2021, one of the non-executives was appointed as Senior Independent Director. The shareholder nominated Director resigned at the end of 2020 and the replacement Director CG Townsend was appointed April 29, 2021 on receipt of regulatory ~pproval. Therefore for the first part of the year there were four non-executive Directors. This composi\ion was considered appropriate for the size and nature of the business, and provides the appropriate combination of skills, experience and knowledge required for the Board to carry out its responsibilities.

Highlight [page 17]: Principle Two - Board Composition (continued) Balance and Diversity The Board remains committed to increasing diversity across the business and the Group operates a diversity policy to encourage a more diverse and inclusive environment at all levels of the business. Diversity and inclusion is an important topic within the Group and is fully supported by the Board and the Group Executive Committee. The Company was again included in the Inclusive Top 50 UK employers in 2021, ranked 26th, recognising the continued dedication to workplace diversity. There is a Diversity and Inclusion Steering Committee, sponsored by the CEO which develops the diversity and inclusion action plan. During the year, a member of the Group Executive Committee was also on the Allianz SE Group Global Inclusion Council that develops and drives the global strategy. The Group had developed a range of employee-led networks across the business which specialise in and promote aspects of diversity and inclusion. These include working parents, intergenerational working, gender balance, LGBT+, cultural and ethnic diversity, disability and mental health. As an example of the Group and Company's commitment to equality of opportunity for all our people, in 2021, the Group introduced a Transitioning at Work functional rule. This was spearheaded by the Group's employee Pride networks, in collaboration with Stonewall and Allianz is the first major insurer to create support of this kind. The new document stresses the importance for Allianz to create a supportive environment and provides a level playing field for all employees. It also highlights the legal context and protections afforded to trans colleagues, and the key considerations and responsibilities to create a safe and inclusive environment for anyone who may be transitioning at work or considering transition. In relation to the Board, as at December 31, 2021, two of the eight members (25%) of the Board were female. On the appointment of S C McGinn and C Holmes the composition was 20% female. New appointments to the Board are recommended by the Group Board's Compensation & Nomination Committee after consideration of the Board's composition in terms of its balance of skills, experience, length of service, knowledge of the Group and wider diversity considerations. The Board recognises that its own membership is not as diverse as it should be and this will be taken into account as and when new directors are appointed to the Board, including when existing non-executive Directors come to the end of their term in office. The non-executive Directors bring a broad range of experience and skills to the Board which are highly relevant to the insurance sector and therefore they provide objective and constructive challenge to the executive Directors. Effectiveness The Board engages an external provider to carry out a Board effectiveness review every three years and in the intervening years there are annual Board self-assessment effectiveness reviews. The effectiveness reviews cover the Company, Allianz Holdings pie and the other key entities in the Group. During 2021 the Board undertook a complete review of Board governance effectiveness (the "Review"), led by the new Chair, P J Evans, in conjunction with the Chief Legal Officer and Company Secretary. An independent third party was also engaged to assist with carrying out the effectiveness survey and collating the findings. The Review was forward looking and focused on opportunities to enhance governance effectiveness. The Review covered Board and Committee effectiveness in all respects and also considered some specific areas such as ensuring that customer outcomes and conduct risks were fully considered in all major decision .. The methodology used included a director skills assessment, director behavioural feedback, the effectiveness survey and reviews of terms of reference and agendas. The Review concluded that there was a strong foundation for effective governance.

Highlight [page 18]: Principle Two - Board Composition (continued) Effectiveness {continued) Opportunities for improvement were identified and actions plans were drawn up with progress against the actions reviewed by the Board and relevant Board Committees quarterly. The Review also recommended the appointment of a Senior Independent Director and following the review, R Murison was appointed to this role, subject to regulatory approval. Since the Board effectiveness review many improvements have been made and the actions will continue to be tracked during 2022. A Board effectiveness survey is planned later in 2022 to monitor progress. At the beginning of 2023 an independent externally led Board effectiveness review is planned, which will review the effectiveness of the Board and review progress against the actions from the 2021 review and embedding of changes. The Directors are provided with a comprehensive and tailored induction on joining the Board and regularly meet with senior managers across the business. During the year, P J Evans was appointed as Chair, he received a full induction, spending time getting to know the business from late 2020 onwards and ensuring a comprehensive hand over from R O Hudson. External advisors are invited to provide detailed updates and training on various topics as required in order to support ongoing professional development of the Directors. Non-executive Directors have access to the Chief Legal Officer and Company Secretary and can take independent professional advice at the Company's expense. During the year, the Directors received training by participating in 4 quarterly deep dive sessions with management. The sessions covered updates on certain topics as well as discussion. The topics varied between those which focus on one area of the business and those which focus on the Group. There were four quarterly sessions during the year and the following topics were discussed at these sessions: Information Security deep dive on CBEST (California Basic Educational Skills Test), a framework to test and improve financial sector cyber resilience.; LV Internal Model proposal and its comparison to All's model; operational resilience including methodology for determining Important Business Services; Review of the PRA's 2021 Climate Biennial Exploratory Scenario; credit risk and credit spread risk scenario; and capital allocation. In November 2021, following an action arising from the Board effectiveness review, the Board approved a new consolidated Board training plan. The new training plan reviews topics across the business, which are relevant to the Board and its individual Committees. The outcome will be a greater focus on different training topics and needs of the Directors, in addition to the deep dives which have in the past been predominantly risk based. Principle Three - Director Responsibilities Accountability The Board operates under a corporate governance framework that provides the required structure to enable prudent yet entrepreneurial management. The Board held quarterly meetings during 2021 as well as strategy days with members of the Executive Team. There were also a number of ad hoc meetings during the year. The agenda for each meeting is carefully considered by the Chair, CEO and Company Secretary to ensure that all regulatory and governance matters are considered appropriately. This ensures that the Board is accountable and can effectively carry out its responsibilities. Both Allianz SE Group and Group policies, including those concerned with Solvency II requirements, are applied to the operation of the Board and its function, as well as to the wider business. Group Solvency II policies, in particular the Governance and Control Policy, are reviewed and approved annually to ensure continued relevance and effectiveness. Individually each Board Director is required to perform their role in accordance with prescribed role profiles and competency requirements. Annual Board Fit and Proper assessments as part of the Senior Manager and Qertification,Regime help to ensure the Board members remain "fit and proper" to undertake th~ir duties (both fiduciary and regulatory) and responsibilities to the Company. • ' All Directors are expected to report any interests they have including any potential confljcts of interest. The Directors declare any interests at each Board meeting and the Register of Directors' Interests is reviewed. Where required, appropriate mitigations will be put in place, including where necessary a !member recusing

Highlight [page 19]: Principle Three - Director Responsibilities (continued)

Highlight [page 19]: Accountability (continued) themselves from a particular agenda item or decision to ensure the interests of the Company are not compromised. Board Committees The Board composition is aligned with the Allianz Holdings pie Board and other key entity Boards within the Group, with the same Directors on these Boards. Board meetings for all of the entities with aligned Boards are held together with the Group Board, with each Company discussing matters relevant to it and the Directors considering matters from the perspective of each relevant Company for each item on the agenda. The Group Board and Company's Board delegate certain activities to committees including the Allianz Holdings pie Executive Committee, the Audit Committee, the Risk Committee, the Customer & Conduct Committee, the Compensation and Nomination Committee and the Finance & Investment Committee. All of these committees (save for the Executive Committee and the Finance & Investment Committee) are chaired by a non-executive Director who provides constructive challenge and oversight across the work carried out by those committees. The Finance & Investment Committee has one non-executive Director member and is chaired by Calm Holmes, the CEO of Allianz Holdings pie. The Executive Committee consists of the accountable executives for the Group. All of the Committees consider matters for the Group as a whole and matters which pertain to a particular division or Company, as required. However, there are also separate Allianz Commercial and Allianz Personal executive committees, chaired by the respective CEOs, which are forums to help C Holmes lead those divisions. In addition, during the year the terms of reference of each of the Committees was reviewed and updated to ensure the duties and authorities delegated to the Committees are clearly set out and defined and that the allocation of responsibilities between the Committees is clear. However, the Board retains ultimate responsibility for final decisions and where relevant each Committee recommends matters put to it to the Board for final approval. Following the Board effectiveness review which took place in 2021, culture matters became the responsibility of the Board, rather than being delegated to the Customer & Conduct Committee. The Customer & Conduct Committee continues to focus on customer outcomes and impacts and conduct issues. Integrity of Information The provision of dear, precise and relevant management information and reports to the Board is fundamental to achieving good corporate governance and efficient decision-making and operations. There are formal and robust internal processes to ensure that the systems and controls in place are operating effectively, and that the Board receives accurate, regular and timely information about the performance of the business. During 2020 and 2021 new Board reporting templates were rolled out, together with training, to ensure that papers are clear, determine what action is required of the Board, contain an executive summary and conclusions. Further steps were also taken to ensure that Board packs are delivered to agreed timescales to allow sufficient time for Directors to review ahead of the meeting and facilitate useful debate and challenge at the meeting. • Information provided to the Board includes financial information, review of actual performance against plan, strategy updates, project updates, certain metrics and data and market developments. The internal audit function prepares an annual risk-based plan of audits, derived from an audit universe, defined and revised annually, covering the complete system of governance. This includes the controls surrounding the processes for collecting and reporting data. The annual plan is approved by ttie Audit Committee with quarterly reporting on progress to the Audit Committee and the ~roup Board. The Company's Board is therefore aware of and has oversight of these matters as appropriate and relevant to the Company and its activities.

Highlight [page 20]: Corporate Governance Report (continued) Principle Four - Opportunity and Risk Opportunity At Allianz, our Change Management framework provides the overarching framework for management and delivery of strategic change opportunities. This incorporates the appropriate regulatory, customer and commercial considerations to review opportunities and to ensure successful delivery. The executive team meets quarterly to review the opportunities pipeline, set priorities and to provide oversight. Strong alignment exists with Allianz SE Group's purpose and strategy, with ongoing strategic dialogue and increased leveraging of group architecture, technologies and solutions. The Board reviews and approves the strategy including threats and opportunities {considering the agreed risk appetites) following the planning dialogue which takes place in October and November each year with the ultimate shareholder ahead of the following financial year. Further information on the strategy setting process is provided under Principle One. Risk All businesses face uncertainty, and the challenge for management is to determine how much uncertainty Allianz is prepared to accept as it strives to grow stakeholder and customer value. Uncertainty presents both risk and opportunity, with the potential to erode or enhance value. The Enterprise Risk Management {"ERM") framework forms the overarching framework for management to deal with the various risks Allianz may encounter, as well as their tracking and monitoring. This also ensures that Allianz has processes in place by which we assess the risks that we are exposed to, both on a current and forward-looking basis. The Board delegates oversight of risk management to the Chief Risk Officer {"CRO") and the Risk Committee. The CRO is a member of the Group Executive Committee and a standing invitee to the Board. The CRO is supported by the Risk Department which consists of qualitative and quantitative experts across Personal and Commercial insurance business units. However, managers in the business units are responsible for managing risk in their own areas. To ensure the Group and the Company are always prepared in a rapidly changing environment, it has a number of key risk management processes and policies. These processes rely on a clear governance structure to enable effective risk management and culture. Allianz has an internal control framework, which is articulated in the Board Governance and Control Policy. The Board is able to make informed and robust decisions due to the risk management systems described in the Risk Policy. The Risk Committee monitors performance against the risk management systems through the quarterly Own Risk and Solvency Assessment (ORSA) updates which it receives and reviews. Any significant deviations from the Risk Policy or other issues identified are communicated to the Board by the Risk Committee. A Governance team, overseen by the Chief Legal Officer and Company Secretary, supports the Board and Group Executive Committee in fulfilling their responsibilities in respect of the effectiveness of the Group's system of governance. A Governance and Control Committee consisting of senior leadership within the Group is in place to oversee the Group's system of governance and seek assurance that the governance framework is appropriate and effective. The system of governance is subject to annual review to ensure it continues to provide for sound and prudent management of the business of the Company (with a Statement of Accountability being signed by the Group CEO and Group Chief Financial Officer and provided to the Allianz SE Group as part of its own governance review).

Highlight [page 21]: Corporate Governance Report (continued) Principle Four - Opportunity and Risk (continued) Responsibilities The Board's responsibilities include strategy, strategic asset allocation, establishment and maintenance of the system of internal control, approval of new appointments to FCNPRA Controlled 'functions, and the overall operation of the Company. The Board is responsible for setting and reviewing the Company's risk appetite. The Group has a written statement confirming the degree of uncertainty (or risk) that the Company is willing to accept in the pursuit of its goals. The Company has a conservative and controlled risk appetite that is aligned to achieving corporate objectives and meeting regulatory requirements as well as the requirements of its parent company, Allianz Holdings pie. In relation to the objectives in the annual corporate plan, the Company aims to ensure that no event or combination of events is possible that will cause a variance in result which is not consistent with the stated risk appetite. The Risk Committee is responsible for oversight of risks, both current and emerging. Mitigation activities are agreed by the Risk Committee and issues, such as reputational risk events, are escalated and acted upon as appropriate. Risks are monitored by the Risk Department via the risk management systems in place. The Company and Group have established clear communication channels. Internally, risks are discussed and escalated to relevant committees including the Risk Committee. Externally our risk profile is outlined in the annual report and solvency and financial condition report. Principle Five - Remuneration The Compensation & Nomination Committee of the Group Board is responsible for oversight of the Group's compensation strategy and making recommendations to the Group Board on matters concerning the remuneration of the Directors and senior executives. The Group Remuneration Strategy and policies ensure that remuneration of all employees is aligned to the performance of the business and adheres to its values and behaviours. The Remuneration Policy also ensures that reputational and behavioural risks to the Company and Group from inappropriate incentives or arrangements are carefully considered and such arrangements are not put in place across the Group. During the year, the Compensation & Nomination Committee met the requirements of its clearly defined terms of reference, which included reviewing and publishing the Gender Pay Gap Report for 2020 (published in 2021). The Gender Pay Gap Report emphasises the approach of the Board to being an active and equal opportunities employer who promotes a workplace where everyone receives equal treatment regardless of age, gender, nationality, ethnic origin, religion, marital status, sexual orientation or disability. The remuneration of employees below Allianz Senior Executive level is overseen by the Group Executive Committee. Remuneration Decisions The Compensation & Nomination Committee is chaired by a non-executive Director, and during 2021 had a majority of members who are non-executive Directors. From the end of 2021 the Committee now consists of independent non-executive Directors only. The Compensation and Nomination Committee is responsible for reviewing compensation strategy and applying it to senior executive positions in order to attract and retain quality people to enable the delivery of the Company's strategy. There is in place a robust process to assess how material risk takers have managed material risk events and risks therein, including conduct related risks, and influenced the risk profile of the business requiring adjustments to their remuneration. The Committee also oversees the design and operation of the performance management framework in meeting the Company's objectives and local regulatory requirements and suggests changes to it. Setting Remuneration Compensation is set with reference to the Group's Remuneration Policy (which contains malus arrangements) and to the compensation framework set up by Allianz SE Group's Compensation Committee. The Compensation and Nomination Committee determines total remuneration in relation to Directors (executive and non-executive) and senior executives. The Compensation and Nomination Committee seeks external input from specialist advisors on, for example, market trends and benchmarking. When setting the bonuses to be paid in respect of the 2020 financial year, consideration was given to market conditions following the impact of COVID-19. Different stakeholder groups such as customers and the sh~reholder were considered, including the Committee being satisfied that customers had been protected, when

Highlight [page 22]: Principle Five - Remuneration (continued) Setting Remuneration (continued) determining appropriate levels of bonus payments. The Compensation and Nomination Committee also takes into account relevant UK regulatory guidance on remuneration. Directors and Management Board members who sit on subsidiary Boards are remunerated at holding company level and are not remunerated separately for their subsidiary Board positions. The Directors· remuneration is disclosed in note 12. Salaries of all Group employees are aligned to the performance of the business and market conditions, with bonus (and long term incentives for senior executives) driven by a combination of personal and business performance. The approach is aligned for employees of all levels and remuneration, particularly bonuses, are closely aligned with the Group's purpose and values and achievement of strategy. Principle Six - Stakeholder Relationships and Engagement External Impacts Good and effective corporate governance underpins and drives a number of key business objectives including: growth and profitability, product performance, customer satisfaction, co-operative arrangements with third party stakeholders and suppliers, and sustainability. The Group and the Company are acutely aware of the broader impact the business has on its various environments, its customers and society in general, and adheres to and participates in the Allianz SE Group's corporate social responsibility policies and practices. In addition, sustainability is a key objective of the business, informing what it does and in particular the goods and services it procures. Stakeholders The Company has a number of key stakeholders including: suppliers, customers, regulators, its shareholder and the wider insurance industry. Details of how the Company and its Directors engage with stakeholders can be found in the Section 172(1) statement on page 6.