

Highlight [page 11]: Statement of corporate governance arrangements The company follows the Wates Corporate Governance Principles for larger private companies. The implementation of the six principles by the Company is noted below.

Highlight [page 11]: Purpose and leadership The company is a wholly owned subsidiary of Genuine Parts Company and the strategic decisions of the worldwide Group have a major influence on the decisions of the Company. Additional details of the UK board and reporting structure are included in the Strategic Report on pages 2 to 9. Board composition The key decisions of the Company are made by the Executive Committee. The Committee comprises the 2 directors of the Company along with leaders in the k~y functions of the Company of Logistics, IT, HR, Marketing and Procurement. The Company's annual appraisal and goal setting procedure applies to the Executive Committee members in the same way as for all other employees of the Company. The Executive Committee will take into account the needs of all stakeholders and UK regulatory requirements when implementing its goals.

Highlight [page 12]: Director responsibilities The Executive Committee meets once a month and, as noted above, each member has a clearly defined responsibility and expertise. This structure is reflected at all levels of Genuine Parts Company ensuring that decisions are taken and implementations are executed by employees with relevant experience and qualifications. Opportunity and risk The local Executive Committee is guided by the governing policies and vision of Genuine Parts Company when considering the impact of key decisions. Details of these decision making principals are set out in the Strategic Report on page 8. Financial risk management The company is exposed to a level of trade credit. This is managed by pro-active credit control and regular review of amounts outstanding, driving best practice among the company and fellow subsidiaries at monthly review meetings. The company ensures that its exposure is constantly reviewed. Remuneration The Company and Group have an annual remuneration review for all employees including the Executive Committee. There are short and long term incentive schemes within the Company and wider Group that are relevant to the Executive Committee.