

Highlight [page 7]: troduction The Wates Corporate Governance Principles for Large Private Companies serves as the framework to demonstrate how Directors have had regard for the matters set out in section 172(1)(a) to (f) of the Companies Act 2006 when performing their duties, including how Directors have engaged with and considered the interests of stakeholders including UK employees, suppliers, customers and those in a principal business relationship with the Company. Reporting against the Wates Principles is included in the Corporate Governance Statement below. Corporate Governance Statement For the year ended 31 August 2021, under The Companies (Miscellaneous Reporting) Regulations 2018, the Company has applied the Wates Corporate Governance Principles for Large Private Companies. The Directors have set out below an explanation of how the Wates Principles have been applied during the year. Principle 1 - Purpose and Leadership The Directors of Altrad Services Limited together with a wider management team ("the Leadership team") sets the Company's purpose and strategy, and are accountable to the Altrad Group ("Altrad") based in Montpellier, France. Altrad is a world leader in the provision of Industrial Services, and is made up of 42,000 people distributed across 50 countries operating across Europe, the Middle East, Africa, Asia and the Pacific. Altrad's strategy is to bring value to its customers by providing diversified, high-quality services, with high ethical and safety standards, in several sectors, and a long-term vision of the market and its prospects. Altrad's activities range from project engineering to plant maintenance in sectors as varied as oil and gas (28 % of sales), electrical energy (11 %), process industries (25 %) and construction (36 %), including the manufacture of wheelbarrows and concrete mixers as well as scaffolding, for both sale and rental. The Company together with its Altrad affiliates are the UK's leading provider of support services. It enhances the lives of millions by supporting some the nation's most vital energy generating assets. It uses its ingenuity to get ahead, solving the nation's infrastructure challenges through innovation, creativity and teamwork. Principle 2 - Leadership composition Although the parent company is not listed on a stock exchange, Altrad's commitment to the principles of good governance to guarantee economic performance, exemplary administration and management, trust and transparency has led it to opt for a governance model that respects the principles of the Autorite des Marches Financiers(F~enchfinancial markets authority). The foundations of this governance system are transparency of financial information, risk management in accordance with the highest standards, and ethical rules, strengthening the independence of directors in relation to the President and providing shareholders with the best information and the greatest possible visibility. The Company's Leadership team comprises of a Chief Executive Officer, Finance Director, Director of Business Development & Strategy, two Managing Directors, Human Resources Director and a Commercial Director. The Leadership team has a diverse range of skills, expertise and over 175 combined years of experience in the oil & gas, petrochemical, nuclear and conventional and renewable power generation markets. The Leadership team size and composition is regarded as appropriate to the Company's large yet focused business. The members of the Leadership team have equal voting rights when making decisions, except the CEO, who has a casting vote. All members have access to the advice and services of Altrad's Legal Counsel and may, if they wish, take professional advice at the Company's expense. The Company is committed to creating an ever-more inclusive environment, thereby fostering a more diverse workforce with a greater breadth of experience and perspective including at the most senior levels. The Company has demonstrated its commitment to this area by establishing a UK Diversity and Inclusiveness committee in 2020 who set the strategy in this area, and who report to the leadership team throughout the year.

Highlight [page 8]: Principle 3 - Leadership responsibilities Each member of the Leadership team understands what they are accountable and responsible for and reports on a monthly basis. The Leadership team is further supported by an Operating Committee that meets: monthly. The Leadership team, whilst ultimately retaining responsibility for UK decision making, ensures delegated decision makers are individuals with the most experience and relevant knowledge. All members of the Leadership team are required to consider any conflicts or potential conflicts and declare them via an ethics and integrity portal as a minimum annually. Altrad operates a zero-tolerance approach to unethical business conduct and as a leading global organisation has a responsibility in the global fight against bribery and corruption. Altrad's business ethics and integrity framework provide a structured and effective means of managing ethical risks through controls, systems, training and audit programmes. Principle 4 - Opportunity and Risk To ensure Altrad achieves its purpose, the Leadership team actively pursues opportunities, both reinvestment and development to fuel organic growth, and acquiring carefully selected businesses to bolster the Company's core operations or expand into complementary sectors. Altrad's mergers & acquisitions team identify acquisition targets and the potential synergies available and, in tandem with the Leadership team, performs comprehensive commercial, financial and legal due diligence. The Company published it's five year plan, "Altrad 2026 Strategy" in the year which is available to download on its website https://www.altradservices.com/our-approach/?section=strategy . By 2026, the Company and its affiliates will have grown by 75% in size and will continue to be the leading provider of support services in the UK. The growth journey will be driven by three strategic elements; Retain via client satisfaction and key account management; Develop by strategic bid management, organic growth and new skills & capabilities; Acquire through strategic partnerships and acquisitions. Risk management involves an acceptance of a reasonable degree of risk, which no entrepreneurial business is without, within a governance framework that manages the risks to reduce the potential impact. Key business risks are monitored through the Company's matrix organisational structure with several levels of control and management. While Altrad maintains a global risk governance framework, the Company also has its individual risk management plan. This duplication enables a holistic, Group approach in combination with localised, country or market-specific assessments. The Company monitors and acts to mitigate risks on a weekly basis as required, whilst working within the Group formal risk framework. Within the Company, there is both a responsibility towards and a dependency on the people within the business. Their safety and wellbeing are the number one focus. The business is unequivocally committed to achieving excellence in safety, including supporting an environment and culture where this remains the number one priority throughout our operations. The Company defines safety as a condition of being; an output of performance which is driven through senior leadership responsib_ilityand accountability. The Company's leaders commit to inspire, enable and challenge in order to ensure complete dedication to the people within the business. This has been continually demonstrated during the current Covid-19 pandemic, and these beliefs, behaviours and attitudes are integral to the Company's safety model and intrinsically linked to accomplishing optimal safety performance. Principle 5 - Remuneration Altrad oversees the remuneration of the Leadership team, with market rate salaries to ensure retention coupled with short and long term incentive plans which are aligned to Altrad's purpose and the interests of stakeholders at both a UK and Group level. The Leadership team oversees the remuneration of the Company's people with certain changes requiring oversight and sign off by Altrad. A large proportion of the Company's people are paid in line with industry standards. • The Company is committed to creating a culture of excellence that not only enables employees to reach their full potential but also enables the Group to live up to its ambitions.

Highlight [page 9]: Principle 6 - Stakeholder Relationships and Engagement Business relationships: The Company works with some of the world's most respected companies and prides itself on its commitment to understand their needs, working collaboratively to deliver value-enhancing solutions. The Company builds strong, sustainable relationships with its clients and .suppliers, which are essential to the long-term success of the business. Key relationships are managed via a structured key account management process (KAM) process which encourages regular communication and promotes continuous improvement activities. People: The Company provides an inclusive environment where its people can bring their whole self to work, feel connected and have the space they need to grow; giving everyone an opportunity to reach their full potential. The Company celebrates the importance of having a diverse workforce, and its rich diversity helps build the skills, ideas and behaviours which characterise its people. The Company provides its people with the opportunity to build progressive careers, within an environment that values ingenuity, creativity and ambition. Apprentices and graduates: The Apprentice and Graduate programmes provide opportunities to make a real impact within a Company that truly cares. The intake from these programmes provides the next generation of people who can take on complex challenges and make a difference in the world through innovation, creativity, and teamwork. Military and Veterans: The Company values highly the skills and experience gained in uniform - the capabilities that result are key assets in addressing client's toughest challenges. From a strong work ethic to strong leadership skills, and a focus on teamwork, the Company has many roles that fit these desirable qualities. Ex-offenders: The Company treats all of its people with respect, regardless of their past experiences. The business wants its people to learn from their past and create a better future. Through a programme of learning and development, structured to meet their needs, the Company offers the support and guidance ex-offenders need to thrive. Disabled employees: The Company encourages the employment of disabled people and provides a fair and encouraging approach to any such employment applications. In the event that any of the people within the Company become disabled whilst in service, the business strives to support their needs with every effort being made to continue their employment. This may include adapting work environments, transfers to alternative duties, or if required, retraining to undertake new mies. People engagement: The true value of the business resides within its people - as such, there are regular and various means and media used for communication. An intranet site is maintained that provides the Company's people with the latest information, using applications that provide instantaneous news updates. There is a structured schedule of internal communication, which includes regular one-to-one meetings, townhall meetings, operational and management meetings facilitating two-way conversations and the sharing of ideas throughout the business's teams. Culture and values: The Company is defined by its values; they drive the business to succeed and underpin its conduct and approach. The values are at the forefront of every decision that is made, and define the behaviours of the Company's people. Values of Respect, Solidarity, Courage, Humility and Conviviality, drive the business to be the best it can. In the collective, the Company's people and values form its corporate culture, which serve the best interests of its shareholders, its clients, its people, its suppliers and other stakeholders - ensuring the long-term success of the business. Sustainability and Community: The Company understands the importance of creating a sustainable future; it runs throughout the strategy, it's part of the business's culture and it's central to its day to day operations. The Company is committed to making positive impacts for its people, its clients and the wider business. As the Company continues to evolve its sustainability strategy, challenges are set for the business, its people and its clients to improve, working together to create a better tomorrow for everyone. The Company has committed to a range of corporate social responsibility (CSR) and environmental performance targets, which includes becoming carbon neutral by 2030 or sooner. The Company contributes to the development of the

Highlight [page 10]: nciple 6 - Stakeholder Relationships and Engagement (Continued) communities in which it works through a number of initiatives ranging from job creation and volunteering opportunities through to sourcing materials from local suppliers where possible. The Company takes pride in supporting a number of community and charitable based projects to make sure it makes a positive contribution to its local communities. Shareholders: The Leadership team are committed to and openly engage with Altrad through regular meetings and effective dialogue. The shareholders are actively engaged in understanding the Company's strategy, culture, and people, together with the delivery of shared objectives for the short, mid and longer terms.

Highlight [page 10]: Pri