

Highlight [page 56]: Corporate Governance Overview The Amey UK pie Board's objective is to maintain and build upon a sustainable business. In doing so, it strives for mutual respect, openness and fairness between all key stakeholders. The people who work for Amey are its most valuable asset and are fundamental to the success of the business and its growing culture to empower, engage and excel. • The Directors have opted to apply 'The Wates Corporate Governance Principles for Large Private Companies' for the year ended 31 December 2021. These principles, endorsed by the Financial Reporting Council ('FRC'), provide a code of corporate governance for large private companies, to raise awareness of good practice and, over time, to improve standards of corporate governance. The Directors acknowledge that the Group operates in a complex and changing business environment with many areas of judgement. To try to lessen the variability in eventual outcome of those judgements, at the beginning of 2020 the Board revisited internal audit findings going back several years and summarised them into nine key areas of focus. These included the Group's bidding process, contract management, cost control and estimation of margins, risks, provisions and claims. The Directors consider that this has had a beneficial impact on the overall risk status of the Group but will continue to refine and update the processes to improve further on the work done to date. Structure of reporting lines to the Board A summary of the Board's governance framework, together with those individuals who lead the support provided to the Board committees, are as follows:

Highlight [page 57]: Structure of reporting lines to the Board {continued} Committee Executive Committee Chair Description Chief Executive Officer The Executive Committee oversees the implementation of the strategy and its operations including consideration of business performance, risk, health and safety and People matters. Investments and Approvals Committee Chief Executive Officer The Investment & Approvals Committee is established as a sub-committee of the Amey pie Board to review all approval requests in accordance with the Authorities Schedule. Such approvals matters include key bids, significant capital expenditure or finance related transactions. Health & Safety Strategic Committee Group HSE and Wellbeing Director To monitor, assess and seek to prevent Health & Safety incidents within Amey. Amey takes the wellbeing of its employees, suppliers, customers and community very seriously and regularly reviews every aspect of safety within the business. IT Steering Committee Chief Finance Officer The IT Steering Committee is accountable to the Amey Executive Committee for the investment in IT made by the company. Remuneration Committee Chief People Officer The Remuneration Committee define and implement policies and procedure relating to arrangements for compensation and benefits for all Amey employees including the Executive Team and Amey Board Directors. Group Pensions Committee Chief Financial Officer Responsible for determining policy on all pension related issues affecting the Amey Group and reviewing the performance and management of Amey Group sponsored pension schemes. Recommendations on key pension decisions are made to the Board for aporoval. Risk Management and Audit Committee Audit and Assurance Director The committee undertake quarterly appraisals of strategic and corporate risks/opportunities as well as low probability and high impact risks including key mitigation actions. Operational and Financial Reviews Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer The Operational and Financial Reviews report on the business units performance, top risks along with mitigations, financial performance, innovation, bids and future market positions. Social Value Committee Director of SociaI Impact Drive social value and responsible business, ensuring that Amey conducts its business to achieve maximum positive impact on the communities, people and the environment in

Highlight [page 57]: which it works.

Highlight [page 58]: Board Leadership The Directors of the Company at the date of this report were as follows: Ian Tyler, Non-executive Director and Chairman Ian joined Amey in 2018 bringing a wealth of experience and knowledge across our key sectors. Previously at Balfour Beatty for 17 years where he was most recently Chief Executive. He currently sits on four other Boards; as a Non-Executive Director of BAE Systems, Chairman of Vistry Group pie (formerly Bovis Homes Group pie), Independent Non-Executive Director of Affinity Water Limited and Independent Chairman of the Atomic Weapons Establishment (AWE), a joint venture between Lockheed Martin, Serco and Jacobs Engineering. Amanda Fisher, Amey CEO Amanda Fisher was appointed CEO of Amey in December 2019, prior to which she was Managing Director of Facilities Management, Defence and Justice, having joined Amey in August 2017. Amanda has a strong background across several sectors, including the wider FM market, business services and highways, having previously worked at Balfour Beatty, Alfred McAlpine and Allied Healthcare, since leaving the Armed Forces where she was a commissioned officer. Andrew Nelson, Amey Chief Financial Officer Andrew joined Amey in 1999 and was appointed to the Board in 2006. He has played a key role in restructuring the group's finances and negotiating acquisitions and disposals, including the purchase of Enterprise Pie in 2013 and the disposal of Arney's interest in Tube Lines in 2010. He is also responsible for procurement and IT. Elena Fernandez Rodriguez, General Counsel, Ferrovial Servicios Elena joined Ferrovial in 1998. She has held several positions as General Counsel and Legal Director in different countries in Americas and some European countries, where she played a key role in several acquisitions and divestments. Appointed to the Amey board in 2021, she has worked with Amey in the past for different transactions. Gonzalo Nieto Mier, Ferrovial Servicios' Transformation Director Gonzalo joined Ferrovial in 2004 after receiving an MBA from NYU-SloanSchool of Management and working in financial markets and as a consultant. At Ferrovial, he has held several positions, most recently developing and managing FS business in various countries across EMEAand Americas. He has served as a Director of Ferrovial companies in ten different countries and first worked with Amey in 2005. Alejandro Veramendi, Ferrovial Head of Financing Department Alejandro Veramendi has a Bachelor's Degree in Economics (Speciality: Quantitative Economy) from the Autonoma University of Madrid, as well as a Master in Futures and Options from the IEB. Alejandro joined Ferrovial in 1998 and held several Treasury positions before being appointed Project Finance Director with responsibility for the financing of all Cintra projects in North America. In 2013 he was appointed Head of the Financing Department of Ferrovial. In 2020 he was assigned a lead role in the main disposal processes within Ferrovial including Broadspectrum, the Ferrovial Services Environmental Division and the Ferrovial Services Infrastructure Division disposals.

Highlight [page 59]: The Company Secretary, who attends Board meetings of the Company, was: Jayne Bowie, Amey General Counsel Jayne joined Amey in 2012 as Senior Counsel (later Legal Director) and is now General Counsel. She is responsible for managing the Legal, Corporate Services and Risk Management functions. In addition to the Directors above, the following served as Directors during the year: Alfredo Garda, Fidel Lopez Soria, Fernando Gonzalez de Canales (all resigned 24 November 2021) and Javier Galindo (appointed 24 November 2021 and resigned 20 June 2022).

Highlight [page 60]: Stakeholder engagement The Board recognises the need to maintain effective communication with the Company's key stakeholders, in order to be able to deliver on its strategy and to enhance its reputation. As has been set out in the strategic report, there are many ways in which we engage with our key stakeholders. The Board and Executive Committee have a robust programme of stakeholder engagement, aimed at identifying and understanding the interests our customers, people, supply chain, communities and governments so that the interests of these key stakeholders can be taken into consideration when decisions need to be taken. Shareholder Why are they important Providing sustained support to and investment for the Group Our priorities • To deliver the strategy • Generate shareholder returns on investment Engagement examples • • Shareholder representation on the Board Regular financial, commercial, operational and work winninq updates Outcomes • Stable shareholder relationship since 2002 Our people Developing our people and supporting them in gaining the skills they need to succeed. • Develop and engage people within our workplaces • Create inclusive workplaces and diverse workforces • Achieve zero harm and promote healthy lifestyles for all • • • • All company CEO calls Executive Committee involvement in activities during Nationa I Inclusion Week, International Women's Week and Black History Month Annual a*star awards hosted by the Executive Committee Regular programmes to promote health and safety in the workplace • • • Our inclusion strategy has resulted in two industry-recognised awards 93% of respondents in our Inclusion survey described a feeling of belonging in Amey On average across the Group, 97% of our daily operations were delivered incident free and our reportable injuries reduced by nearly a third. Our clients Collaborative and long-term mutually beneficial relationships with our clients are the foundation of our success • Be a Trusted Partner with a reputation to deliver • • Regular client engagement between Executive Committee and operational levels Development of key customer account plans • Contract renewals and new business wins as highlighted in Consulting, Transport Infrastructure and Secure Infrastructure sections Our strategic partners and supply chain Building healthy and ·diverse supply chains by engaging with our suppliers and making Amey an easier business to work with. • Increased spending with SMEs and VCSEs • Paying suppliers promptly • Ending modern slavery • • • Utilising Constructionline to search for SMEs / VCSEsin our procurement Members of the Constructionline Social Value Working Group supporting SMEs on their socia I value reporting Reviewed and updated our Slavery and Human Trafficking Statement • • • • • We paid 97% of our invoices within 60 days We supported more than 4,000 suppliers across the UK, 74% of which are SMEs We spent £1.6 billion with our supply chain, £1.1 billion of which was spent with SMEs £3.9 million spent with social enterprises in 2021 Achieved a 94% score on the Government's Modern Slavery Assessment Tool

Highlight [page 61]: Communities Why are they important Delivering positive and lasting change to communities that's built on a foundation of trust. Our priorities • Involve, listen and connect with our local communities • Give back to our communities to make a difference that lasts • Open doors, educate and improve the skills of people in our communities Enaaaement examples • Launched our Opportunity Action Plan in partnership with the Social Mobility Pledge • Provided virtual learning experiences in partnership with Speakers for Schools • Published our Roadmap to Net Zero • Signed up to the Science-based targets initiative (SBTi) • A continuous programme to raise funds for our corporate charity Outcomes • £130,000 raised by our employees for CRUK • Provided permanent employment opportunities for individuals on the Kickstart programme • Achieved a 6.4% reduction in our Scope 1 & 2 carbon emissions Government Government set the policy in the environment in which we operate. Additionally, Government departments are our largest customers. • Build on existing relationships with the Cabinet Office • Broaden out our relationships with sector specific government departments • Build relationship with local government sector • Input into policy development forums • Weekly cabinet office meetings with our Crown representative • Bi-weekly update provided to the Cabinet Office • Increasing involvement in round table policy discussions • Working with DWP in partnership on skills and training activities • Positioning ourselves as Trusted Partners to Government • Improved Cabinet Office feedback Pensions Trustees The trustees of the Group's pension schemes are responsible for ensuring that the schemes are run properly and that members' benefits are secure • To uphold robust governance and compliance principles and protocols • To maintain the strength of the employer covenant and fulfil funding commitments • To maintain clear and open communication channels • Regular meetings between the Group's in-house pensions team and trustees • De-risking and liquidity initiatives proposed and accepted to improve members' security • Trustee Letters of Agreement executed to record that the sale of Amey would not be materially detrimental to the schemes' employer covenant • Assurance of management of risk in accordance with internal controls procedures • Financial considerations are explained fully in note 23 to the accounts Banks, lenders and insurers As providers of banking, debt and other financial support to the group • Generating cash from operations • Strengthening the balance sheet • Meeting covenant obligations • Effective cash forecasting and working capital management • Regular updates to financial partners • Reporting on covenant obligations • • Ensuring working capital commitments can be met so that the Group can continue to operate on a Going Concern basis • Compliance with terms of the Group's financing agreements to ensure ongoing financial support

Highlight [page 62]: Report of the Directors The Directors present their Annual Report together with the audited financial statements of the Amey UK pie group of companies (Amey or the Group) for the year ended 31 December 2021. Amey UK pie (the Company) is incorporated in the United Kingdom (registered in England and Wales) and is the holding company of a Group whose subsidiary companies and joint venture undertakings are listed in note 31 to the financial statements. The Company is a pie, is limited by shares and is privately owned. Information incorporated by reference As permitted by Section 414c (11) of the Companies Act 2006, some matters which are required to be included in the Directors' Report have instead been included in the Strategic Report. The following information is provided in other appropriate sections of this Annual Report and the financial statements and is incorporated into this Directors' Report by reference: Information Corporate qovernance Directors Reported in Corporate qovernance overview Board composition Paqes 55 56- 57 Employee engagement People Stakeholder enqaqement 22 - 31 58- 59 Engagement with suppliers customers and other Greenhouseqases Stakeholder engagement Environment 58- 59 39 - 43 Important events since the end of the financial vear Likelv future developments CEO overview CEO overview 3-6 3-6 A description of the principal risk and uncertainties facing the Group is also contained in the Strategic Report. Results and Dividends The Directors have assessed the progress and status of the sale processes undertaken in 2021 for the Cash Generating Units (CGUs) which were held for sale at 31 December 2020. They have confirmed a change to plans based on the feedback received on those processes and they also consider that paragraphs 6 to 8 of IFRS 5 'Non-current Assets Held for Sale and Discontinued Operations' are now met or not met for certain contracts, assets and liabilities of those perimeters: • In the Waste Treatment CGU, in conjunction with Ferrovial, the Group has now re-assessed the strategy to follow going forward. Ferrovial have confirmed that in the event of a disposal of the Amey Group by Ferrovial, then the Waste Treatment Group will not form part of that divestment and accordingly Ferrovial have confirmed that they will be acquiring that CGU from the Amey Group. • In the Utilities CGU, the sale process has progressed for the Water business and has now completed. Following negotiations, certain assets and liabilities are now retained resulting in a modified perimeter. Based on the above, the only relevant segments which are held for sale at 31 December 2021 are the Waste Treatment and Utilities Water CGUs. The change in classification as asset/liabilities held for sale is effective 31 March 2021 for the Waste Treatment CGUand is effective 31 December 2021 for the modified perimeter for the Utilities Water CGU. As a result, the Group has ceased to classify as held for sale the components excluded in the previous paragraphs, so the results of operations of those components previously presented in discontinued operations in accordance with paragraphs 33 to 35 of IFRS 5 have been reclassified and included in income from continuing operations for all periods presented. The amounts for prior periods have also been re-presented.

Highlight [page 63]: Results and Dividends {continued} The Group income statement is set out on page 74 and shows a profit after tax for the year on continuing operations amounting to £61.3 million (2020 re-presented: £17.3 million loss) on Group revenue on continuing operations of £2.33 billion (2020 re-presented: £2.07 billion). The loss after tax_on discontinued operations for the year was £103.7 million (2020 re-presented: £85.6 million). The overall gross profit and operating profit on continuing operations before exceptional items were respectively £159.6 million and £83.1 million (2020 re-presented: £92.4 million gross profit and £14.2 million) representing a margin of 6.9% and 3.6% respectively (2020 re-presented: 4.5% and 0.7%). Administrative expenses on continuing operations were £83.2 million (2020 re-presented: £83.6 million). The operating profit on continuing operations is stated after charging all operating costs and before net finance expense and tax. The operating profit on continuing operations after exceptional items was £86.2 million (2020 re-presented: £5.4 million loss). Net operating exceptional credits on continuing items arising in 2021 totalled £3.1 million (2020 re-presented: £19.6 million exceptional charge) full details of which can be found in note 4 to the Group financial statements. Net finance expense on continuing operations was £4.3 million (2020 re-presented: £5.2 million). The Group's share of profit after tax of joint ventures on continuing operations was £6.8 million (2020 re-presented: £5.4 million). Group operating cash flows from all activities were £15.9 million inflow (2020: £57.9 million inflow). The 2021 outflow included payments of £10.0 million (2020: £10.0 million) as part of the cost to exit from the Birmingham City Council Highways PFI contract previously provided for. Equity shareholder funds at 31 December 2021 stood at £159.8 million (2020: £82.8 million). Shareholder funds benefitted considerably from actuarial gains arising in the year of £110.9 million on the Group's defined benefit pension scheme (2020: £55.5 million actuarial loss). No interim dividend was paid during the current or preceding year. The Directors do not recommend the payment of a final dividend. Dividends of £0.3 million (2020: £nil) were paid by a subsidiary company to a non-controlling shareholder as part of the arrangements for the acquisition of that non-controlling shareholding by the Group.

Highlight [page 63]: Post balance sheet events Completed divestments Since 31 December 2021, the Group has completed the divestment of its investments in Amey Ventures Management Services Limited (since renamed Albany Ventures Management Services) in March 2022 and the Utilities CGUthrough the sale of Amey Utility Services Limited (since renamed Avove Limited) in April 2022. The total expected proceeds from these divestments amounts to £21 million, of which £18 million is being held as deferred consideration. These divestments give rise to an estimated gain on disposal of £5 million.

Highlight [page 64]: Change in ultimate parent undertaking On 11 October 2022, the Group's ultimate parent undertaking, Ferrovial, S.A., announced that it had reached agreement to sell the whole of the share capital of Amey UK pie and the other equity instruments held by Ferrovial as issued by Amey UK pie and its subsidiary undertaking, Amey pie to a company controlled by One Equity Partners and Buckthorn Partners. The sale of the Group is conditional on the completion of the transfer of the Waste Treatment CGU to Ferrovial, as this CGU does not form part of the Group's ongoing business that One Equity Partners and Buckthorn Partners have agreed to purchase and the approval by the Secretary of State for BEIS, as the transaction is subject to the National Security and Investment Act 2021. It is expected that the sale will be completed prior to 31 December 2022. Any change of ownership has no impact on the financial statements of the Group for the year ended 31 December 2021 and is also not expected to have any impact on the Group's operations and activities following completion of the sale. The transaction represents an enterprise value of £400 million and an estimated equity value of approximately £245 million. The final consideration to be paid upon completion of the transaction will be adjusted by reference to the net debt and working capital figures resulting from a balance sheet prepared as of that date. The net consideration will be in the form of cash of £109 million and a vendor loan note of £136 million repayable over the next 5 years with an interest of 6% per annum, increasing to 8% after the third year. As part of the transaction, the Group consulted with the pension scheme trustees concerning the sale, who, upon advice, were content to execute a letter of agreement recording that the trustees do not consider the transaction (including the terms of the vendor loan note subordinated in favour of the pension schemes) will be materially detrimental to the ongoing employer covenant or the likelihood of accrued scheme benefits being received by members. Going Concern The Group is financed through a mixture of shareholder equity, other equity instruments issued to Ferrovial companies, intercompany debt from Ferrovial companies, leases, non-recourse project-related bank term loans, other bank loans and overdrafts. Details of all bank loans and their maturity are set out in note 22 to the financial statements whilst details of finance risks are set out in note 15. The Directors have also considered the implications of the recently announced sale of the Group to One Equity Partners and Buckthorn Partners. This decision does not impact the Group's day-to-day operations and given that the Group does not rely on Ferrovial contractual guarantees there are no implications to the ongoing trading operations of the Group after completion of any sale. The impact on our financing arising from a change of control is considered below. The Group's key external banking facilities are bilateral facility agreements of £38 million with each of HSBCand Santander and £44 million with Royal Bank of Canada. These agreements total £120 million and mature on the earlier of July 2023 or on the date of completion of the proposed sale of the Group. At 31 December 2021, all of the facilities in place at that time were undrawn and the Group also held £46.9 million of unrestricted cash on the Group balance sheet. In October 2022, the Group received commitments from three lenders, HSBC, Natwest Group and ABN Amro, to enter into a four-year syndicated revolving credit facility. The facility is sized at £125 million and will be used to support the Group's future bonding and working capital requirements once the sale of the Group has been completed.

Highlight [page 65]: Notwithstanding this continuity of financing, the Directors of the Group have reviewed several factors including: • the future business plans of the Group (including the current year results up to the date of these accounts, the current forecast for 2022 and the strategic plan for 2023 to 2026); • the obligation, on completion of the sale of the Group, to pay in full to Birmingham Highways Limited the outstanding £35 million liability; • servicing additional debt post-completion of the sale of the Group; • the availability of core and ancillary financing facilities; • the compliance with the post completion related net debt/EBITDA banking covenant which must remain under 1.Sx; • the projected drawn positions and headroom available on the core committed financing facilities; and • the projected future cash flows of the Group comprising: o o a Base Case forecast built up from the budget for 2022; and a Reasonable Worst Case ('RWC') forecast which applies sensitivities against the Base Case The RWCforecast looks at the following key sensitivities: • £14 million net cash outflows due to unwind of working capital on contracts ending and other agreements in 2022 and 2023; • the liquidity impact of lower-than-expected future revenue growth in each business stream through a lower bid win ratio; and • consideration of a slowing down of working capital flows, in particular a market-wide increase in days sales outstanding. The Group's cash flow forecasts show that there is sufficient liquidity to enable it to continue trading should all the above sensitivities materialise. In addition to the above sensitivities, management has also considered actions that can be taken to mitigate any significant additional reductions in headroom due to unforeseen events which would include actions such as delaying management fees and payments to suppliers. The increased liquidity of these actions give comfort to the Directors that it would have enough headroom to manage such unforeseen impacts. The Directors have considered the pension risks and sensitivities in note 23 and reviewed Value-at-Risk analysis. The Directors consider the exposure to be adequately mitigated by strong governance, de-risked scheme assets, various contingent assets and committed payments for the benefit of the schemes. The Directors have also considered the impact on the Group's ability to continue as a going concern in the event of delayed completion of the sale to One Equity Partners and Buckthorn Partners. The Directors are comfortable that although commencement of the new syndicated revolving credit facility would be delayed, the existing facilities would remain in place until July 2023. The Group would seek to extend those facilities for a further period, but the Directors consider that even if an extension of those facilities were not granted, the Group has sufficient cash resources to enable it to continue operating in a normal manner. In summary, since the Group's last set of financial statements for the year ended 2020 signed in May 2021, the Group's liquidity has strengthened and its external financing requirement reduced substantially. Accordingly, the Directors have adopted the going concern principle in preparing these financial statements.

Highlight [page 66]: Composition of the Board The Directors of the Company during the year, and up to the date of this report, were as follows: I Tyler, Chairman A Fisher A Nelson G Nieto Mier E Fernandez Rodriguez (appointed 24 November 2021) A Veramendi (appointed 24 November 2021) J Galindo (appointed 24 November 2021/ resigned 20 June 2022) F Lopez Soria (resigned 24 November 2021) A Garcia (resigned 24 November 2021) F Gonzalez de Canales Moyano (resigned 24 November 2021) Directors' indemnity Directors and Officers of the Company (and those employees who are also Directors of the Group's subsidiary companies) benefit from Ferrovial, S.A.'s group-wide directors' and officers' liability insurance cover in respect of legal actions brought against them. Accordingly, the Company and its subsidiaries do not maintain their own equivalent Directors' indemnity insurance cover arrangements. In addition, Directors of the Company are indemnified under the Company's articles of association to the extent permitted by law, such indemnities being qualified third party indemnities. Employment of disabled persons Amey complies with the Equality Act 2010 and Public Sector Equality Duty. The aspiration is that Arney's services help eliminate unlawful discrimination, harassment and victimisation; advance equality and foster good equality relations. Harnessing the talents, skills and experiences of people with disabilities will help Amey to create a stronger, more diverse business that reflects the communities it serves. To show its commitment, the Group has signed up to the UK Government's Disability Confident campaign. This not only helps people with disabilities or health conditions to get into full-time employment, but also gives them the support they need whilst they are at work. As part of its commitment to this, Amey makes reasonable adjustments where required for customers and employees, guarantees job interviews for people with disabilities who meet essential requirements, and audit sites, systems and communications to ensure that they are accessible. Disabled employees are eligible for training, career development and promotion opportunities as is available to all Amey employees. Our Line Managers regularly discuss training and development needs with all employees in our individual Performance, Development and Review ('PDR') process. This process allows Amey to offer appropriate training bespoke to individual employees' requirements and appropriate training support and workplace adjustments will be provided where necessary. PDR processes also ensure there are no unforeseen barriers to progression for disabled employees, such as changes to location or travel arrangements

Highlight [page 67]: Modern Slavery Amey recognises that it has a responsibility to take a robust approach to slavery and human trafficking and indeed takes a zero-tolerance approach to non-compliance with the Act in any part of its business or its supply chain. The full Slavery and Human Trafficking Statement, which is the sixth such statement Amey has made pursuant to the Act, sets out the steps Amey has continued to take to address the risk of slavery and human trafficking within its operations and supply chain. This statement can be found on the Amey website, www.amey.co.uk During 2021 Amey continued to engage with its supply chain. Failure to respond to any enquiries carries consequences for those within the supply chain. Arney's supply chains include: • Plant, vehicles and equipment suppliers • Subcontractors and various service providers • Suppliers of contingent labour • Manufacturers and suppliers of goods and materials All procurement of services and supplies is undertaken by professional procurement specialists within either the central procurement function or within the business units. Arney's intention is to build and maintain long term sustainable relationships with its suppliers encouraging collaborative working and exchange of innovative and good industry practices. As part of the supply chain process, Amey has several systems to: • Evaluate new suppliers as part of the on-boarding process • Identify and assess potential risk areas in our supply chains and • Monitor potential risk areas in our supply chains In 2021 Amey commenced the use of the Constructionline system, to improve the identification and prequalification assessment of its suppliers to a common industry standard. The assessment includes questions specifically related to Modern Slavery with the requirement, where relevant, to provide a copy of their statement and information to show where the risk of slavery is and that it is being managed correctly. Amey assessescompliance within its existing supply chain and will assess any new suppliers for compliance with the following criteria: • No forced labour or human trafficking is practiced, and employment is freely chosen • Working conditions are safe and hygienic • Working hours are not excessive • A fair wage is paid • No child will be exploited • No harsh, cruel or degrading practices are allowed • No discrimination is practised A failure to comply with the above is an absolute bar to pre-qualification as a supplier to the Amey Group. In 2020 we became signatories to the Gangmaster and Labour Abuse Authority's Construction Protocol and in 2021 we completed the Government's Modern Slavery Assessment Tool and achieved a 94% score (up from 87% in 2019)

Highlight [page 68]: Recrwtment and training The Amey Group undertakes pre-employment screening that includes identity checks and confirmation of entitlement to work in the UK on all employees prior to commencing employment with the Amey Group. These checks include a regular ongoing review of bank account, next of kin and home address duplications, as potential indicators of Modern Slavery. As part of the onboarding process for joining the Amey Group each employee is given an overview of the essential policies and information in relation to those policies, procedures and other matters such as whistle blowing. Building on the training to procurement teams last year, the Amey Group continues to use its web-based training, accessible to all employees, and 73% of our people completed the Modern Slavery e-learning module in 2021. Our main KPI is the number of incidents raised. During 2021 no incidents of modern slavery were raised through any of the channels provided.