

Highlight [page 14]: Corporate Governance Good corporate governance is fundamental to the way the Company and the Board conduct business. For the year ended 31 December 2021, under The Companies (Miscellaneous Reporting) Regulations 2018, the Company has applied the Wates Corporate Governance Principles for Large Private Companies. Details of how the Board has applied those principles are set out below. Principle 1 - Purpose and Leadership The Board is accountable for the long-term sustainable success of the Company and sets the "tone from the top". The Board receives regular updates throughout the year on the execution of the strategy from the Chief Executive Officer and, where relevant, other Executive Directors and seeks to ensure that the Company has the necessary financial and human resources to deliver the strategy. In fulfilling its duties, the Board is also responsive to regulatory requirements and the wider regulatory environment. Under Aon's new operating model, Aon's purpose is to shape decisions for the better to protect and enrich the lives of people around the world. This is enabled by Aon United, Aon's way of working together as one firm under a common set of values across solution lines and geographies to bring the best of Aon to address client needs and drive sustainable growth. The core values at the heart of the Company's and wider Aon Group strategy - Committed, United and Passionate - derive from the Aon United mindset. This mindset and behaviours drive better client outcomes, accelerate the growth of the firm and create more opportunity for colleagues. The Aon United Blueprint charts our Aon United path and is focused around four key pillars:

Highlight [page 15]: Delivering Aon United defines how Aon colleagues work together to deliver value to clients and sets a new standard for client leadership. It is brought to life through our common client value creation model, which scales strategies from across the firm that have helped teams bring the best of the firm to clients. • Inclusive People Leadership ensures that all colleagues - at every stage of their journey - are equipped and motivated to model our Aon United values and behaviours. It creates a culture where Aon colleagues engage one another in a manner that enables all of us to achieve our full professional potential. • Innovation at Scale applies a common content and capability development methodology and set of global standards in three areas of innovation: within our solution lines (core), across solution lines (core+) and making net-new enterprise-level big bets through Aon New Ventures that expand our addressable market. • Aon Business Services creates globally scaled operational and technology capabilities and connects them to our clients. It makes Aon easy to work with, delivering differentiated client service, supporting colleagues and enabling rapid solution development and innovation. The Compclny seeks to develop solutions and strategies for clients, working with markets and finding ways to be creative while driving simplicity, leveraging scale, removing duplication and automating processes. At the heart of the Company's, and the wider Aon Group's, Aon United strategy is a focus on enhancing colleagues' Aon IQ to ensure more solutions are brought to clients. As part of this initiative, talent is enabled through the development of strategies across the business, including secondments, joint initiatives and building Aon United leaders for the future, with investment in a diverse .workforce and the creation of an agile and inclusive environment. Post-pandemic, the Company is piloting Smart Working, a hybrid-working model ------based on the principle of-colleagues working in.the.place.that best allows.them.to_deliver their best work for clients, the business and each other. The aim of Smart Working is to create a healthy, productive, inclusiv"'."'.e~-----and sustainable way of working which enables colleagues to deliver the biggest positive impact every day -be it from the office, virtually or a combination of the two. The Company is focused on two-way internal communications, to ensure colleagues are kept informed of key information and updates but also feel listened to. The communications strategy seeks to reduce noise, create time for strategic planning, client engagement and colleague development and to ensure all colleagues remain fully engaged with corporate initiatives and developments through localising global messaging. Leaders engage with colleagues via a variety of channels, including town halls, video, internal social media, and other internal platforms, including a bi-weekly newsletter and People Manager update. As the pandemic continued throughout 2021, regular communications outlining the Company's approach and response to government guidance continued while in-person colleague communication and engagement events remained virtual. The Company continues to seek colleague feedback through focus groups, live online internal social media discussions and surveys, including the annual global colleague support survey and those focused on more specific topics, for example Smart Working. Several years ago, the Company launched a cultural and communications initiative in the UK called "The Way We DO Business", a programme designed to ensure that colleagues are aware of, and engaged with, their responsibilities, in particular with regards to ethics and values, compliance, and risk management. The Way We OO-Susiness continues to help ensure fair treatment of clients and colleagues remains at the centre of the Company's decision making, and that it delivers the best possible outcome for clients, colleagues, business partners and itself. Aligning tlie Company's culture with its purpose and values is critical to its competitive advantage and vital to the creation and protection of long-term value. Fundamental to establishing a healthy culture is the effective management of conduct risk. The Company manages conduct risk through the following five principal areas, collectively known as the Conduct Agenda:

Highlight [page 16]: (a) Culture and behaviours: The Company seeks to ensure colleagues are appropriately trained and skilled and it expects them to act in line with Aon's Code of Business Conduct. (b) Strategy and business model: The Company designs its products and services with its clients first and foremost in its mind and seeks to ensure its business partners maintain high standards of customer service. (c) Systems and processes: The Company seeks to communicate with its clients clearly and fairly - to deliver its products and services to more than meet clients' expectations; to safeguard clients' data; to manage complaints quickly when they arise and to help clients get their claims paid efficiently. (d) Managing key risks to the business: The Company seeks to manage any conflicts of interest effectively and, if things do go wrong, to learn from these. (e) Governance and accountability: Through the governance framework adopted by the Company, the Board seeks to ensure that: the Company's products and solutions are fit for purpose and address clients' needs; colleagues are clear on what they are accountable for in their day-to-day roles and the organisation actively considers the performance of its products and colleagues. By linking performance management with reward and incentive structures, through the Consequence Management Framework and the Company's training and competence regime, the Board seeks to ensure that the right mechanisms are in place to address both good and poor conduct, behaviour and performance and that colleague actions and conduct underpin the organisational culture within the Company. The Conduct Committee (further referenced in the Principal Risk section in the Strategic Report and below under principle 4) provides ongoing monitoring of conduct both at an individual and corporate level. The composition of the Committee ensures there is oversight and challenge on conduct matters across the business and provides regular reporting and updates to the Board and its committees. Effective conduct risk management benefits all stakeholders by ensuring that the Company engages with clients in a clear and transparent way and helps to maintain market integrity and fair competition, while helping to drive Aon's ambitious growth strategy. Principle 2 - Board Composition The Board comprised during the year to 31 December 2021 an independent Non-Executive Chairman and a further three independent Non-Executive Directors (NED) together with six executive Directors (the Chief Executive Officer (CEO), the Chief Risk Officer, the Chief Operating Officer, the Chief Finance Officer and two senior leaders from the business). The size and composition of the Board and its Committees were deemed appropriate given the scale and complexity of the Company. The separation of the roles of the Chairman and the CEO helps to ensure that the balance of responsibilities, accountabilities and decision making across the Company are maintained effectively. The Chairman is responsible for the leadership of the Board and ensuring its effectiveness, and can escalate matters to the CEO of the ultimate parent company, Aon pie. The Board has also appointed a Senior Independent Director who, amongst other duties, provides a sounding board for the Chairman and for concerns raised by the other Directors or other stakeholders. The CEO reports to the Board and is responsible, with the support of the executive team, for running the Company's business and the development of business strategies for approval by the Board. In addition, one NED has been given a particular role designation by the Board in terms of placing an additional focus on colleagues and colleague interests and another NED has been designated as the independent contact point for colleagues in respect of any whistleblowing.

Highlight [page 17]: All Directors have one vote and decisions are reached by majority following review and comprehensive challenge at Board meetings, with the NEDs adding experience and wider perspective to that process, as well as independent judgement. The Board reviews NED independence each year, taking into consideration any circumstances which might impair independence. Board composition is monitored by a Nominations Committee which is tasked with assisting the Board to discharge its responsibilities around ensuring a balanced and appropriately skilled Board, including NED succession planning. In making Director appointment recommendations the Nominations Committee considers a number of matters including the need for balance and diversity of skills, backgrounds, experience and knowledge. In order to ensure Directors have sufficient time capacity to make a valuable contribution, for new NED appointments an indication will be provided of the individual's other significant time commitments. In addition, all Board members are required to advise the Board before taking on material new external appointments. The Board commissions externally facilitated Board effectiveness reviews periodically and in between these it carries out internal evaluations to ensure that the Board and Committees continue to function effectively. An internal evaluation was carried out during 2020 of the Board and its principal committees with follow up action taken during 2021 to address the feedback received. Principle 3 - Director Responsibilities The Board has established a number of committees to assist with its oversight and which report back to the Board regularly. These include an Audit Committee, a Risk & Compliance Committee, a Nominations Committee and a Remuneration Committee. Each Committee's responsibilities and escalation routes are clearly defined in the relevant Committee terms of reference agreed by the Board and each is chaired by a NED. The Board meets formally at least seven times annually and all Directors are expected to attend meetings of the Board and any Committees on which they serve. In 2021, the Board held seven scheduled Board meetings and two ad hoc Board meetings (plus there were four meetings of its sub-committee to consider specific matters). Meetings are carefully structured to help the Board and the various Committees discharge their duties. Agendas are reviewed and agreed with the respective chairs and members and attendees receive meeting papers sufficiently in advance of meetings. The management information provided to meetings seeks to ensure that members and attendees are kept abreast of any matters relevant to the role of the Board or Committee and there are systems and controls in place to ensure the integrity of that information. The Board has established its own terms of reference. These articulate how Board meetings will operate and specify those matters which are reserved solely for Board decision. All Directors can seek independent professional advice in support of their duties at the Company's expense. Board and Committee meetings are carefully minuted to capture the challenge brought to bear in Board meetings, including the independent challenge of the NEDs. The NEDs also meet without management present from time to time, including at Senior Independent Director meetings. In addition, on any future NED resignation the departing NED will be asked if they wish to supply a written leaving statement, so any concerns can be expressed formally. The management and leadership framework implemented in response to the Financial Conduct Authority (FCA) Senior Managers & Certification Regime, to which the Company is subject through its regulated status, further defines the accountabilities of Board members (and senior managers). For example, certain key roles on the Board and Committees (together with other senior manager positions) are designated as Senior Manager Functions and have a Statement of Responsibilities allocated to them which defines the key elements and accountabilities of the role function to which they are subject. Day-to-day management of the business is delegated to the CEO who is empowered to sub-delegate responsibilities and such delegations are set out within a framework of executive licences. In addition, a series of management committees have been established to assist the CEO, including an Executive Committee under which there is a network of further executive and enterprise risk management committees. This network of Board and management committees seeks to extend good governance throughout the organisation.

Highlight [page 18]: Principle 4 - Opportunity and Risk Managing risk enables the Company to continually deliver on its corporate objectives and strategy. It also assists in seeking to minimise undesired consequences and maximise on opportunities. The Company has an established Enterprise Risk Management (ERM) framework which seeks to proactively identify, assess, manage and monitor risks in a simple yet impactful manner, adding value to the day to day management of the Company. This is embedded in the Company's approach to risk management which aims to provide an appropriate governance structure with policies and business processes to manage risks within appetite to ensure quick escalation and remediation of any breaches. The risk management team, under the leadership of the Chief Risk Officer, works closely with the business to provide clear, relevant and up-to-date guidance on a regular basis to enable the business to better serve its clients. During 2021, programmes were put in place to address key regulatory changes including, but not limited to, ensuring the Company implemented robust product governance measures in line with the GI Pricing regulations and further assessment and embedding of operational resilience requirements. The Board has an agreed Risk Appetite statement which provides a 'top down' structure for articulating the Company's risk appetite which is described through four types of detrimental impact to the organisation: Financial, Reputational, Clients & Markets and Regulatory. The Risk Appetite statement provides the framework against which the Board assesses the Company's Top Tier Risks and allows for the assessment of any operational risk impacts within each of the four categories. The Risk Appetite Statement is applied across the different business solution lines where it is specifically tailored to each business and reflected in the reporting through the business line governance meetings. In addition to reporting against an identified set of Top Tier Board Risks, part of the ongoing risk management activity is focused on Emerging Risks with regular updates reported through the Risk & Compliance Committee and the Executive Committee. As part of the requirement to meet the FCA's Threshold Condition (COND) rules, specifically COND2.4, risk assessments are routinely conducted around 'extreme scenarios'. COND2.4 requires the Company to ensure it holds appropriate financial and non-financial resources by which to manage risk. The financial and non-financial impacts of extreme scenarios are considered when assessing the capital holding requirements for the business. The Board approved an updated assessment in 2021. Risk oversight is managed by a number of different processes. In addition to the oversight effected at Board and Committee meetings, procedures and internal controls are in place to create a framework to control the risks the business faces. It is crucial that everyone takes responsibility for managing risk and, because of that, attitude to risk forms part of colleagues' performance assessment and part of the Company's recruitment process. The Audit Committee and the Risk & Compliance Committee assist the Board with its oversight responsibilities for internal controls and for risk identification and mitigation. Both Committees are chaired by a NED and receive regular reports from relevant areas of the business including deep dive reports into areas where further oversight is required. Both committees refreshed their terms of reference in 2021. The role of the Audit Committee, which meets at least quarterly, is to assist the Board with assurance around financial reporting, capital structure, the financial control environment, financial risks, internal audit coverage and external audit effectiveness. The role of the Risk & Compliance Committee, which meets at least seven times a year, is to assist the Board with ensuring oversight of managements' actions which are aimed at ensuring that all risks including emerging risks are identified, classified, assessed and mitigated to within the risk appetite set by the Board, together with ensuring that: • the Company complies with relevant legal and regulatory requirements; • the Company's residual risk is within risk appetite; • the Company's risk and control environment is monitored for all categories of risk; • the Company's risk and control improvement actions are reviewed and implemented; • the Board is advised of emerging risks and any future actions required to manage them; and • a positive risk culture within the Company is maintained and monitored.

Highlight [page 19]: The Risk & Compliance Committee has also constituted a Financial Crime Risk Committee (FCRC). The FCRC's focus is to assist the Risk & Compliance Committee in the performance of its duties in regard to oversight of Financial Crime including specifically Obtaining and Retaining Third Parties controls, risks and issues within the Company. This includes overseeing the risks, controls and issues in the following areas of financial crime: • Fraud (excluding cyber related fraud); • Bribery and Corruption; • Money Laundering and Terrorist Financing; • Market Abuse; • Trade Restrictions; and • Facilitating Tax Evasion. Product risk is overseen by a Product Oversight and Governance Committee which meets regularly to oversee, review and approve new and existing propositions (comprising products, initiatives and services) as defined in accordance with the Company's Product Oversight and Governance policy. This Committee reports to the Executive Committee. Conduct risk is overseen by the Conduct Committee which meets regularly to review conduct and the performance of colleagues across the business and to identify where specific action is required. It oversees both corporate and individual conduct and escalates concerns back to senior business leaders, and where relevant, the Risk & Compliance Committee and other governance forums. It also makes recommendations to the Board's Remuneration Committee in respect of conduct-related matters that merit a material remuneration impact. Through the Internal Audit risk assessment process potential audit projects-are identified and executed over a multi-year period. A complementary assurance planning process is also undertaken by Risk and Compliance to supplement this work. Output from these reviews is fed back to both management and the Board. Internal Audit has also established a risk culture assessment framework to enhance its audit process across the organisation and to provide a mechanism to assess and monitor the organisation's risk culture over time. This framework was utilised on all Aon UK Limited Internal Audit assurance reviews during 2021, with the feedback from these assessments included in the applicable Internal Audit reports to management with summary reporting also provided periodically to the Audit Committee. The risk management process extends beyond financial and business risk to the wider range of operational risks. The Strategic Report section of the Annual Report contains further detailed information regarding the principal risks and uncertainties facing the Company and its business. Principle 5 - Remuneration The Board promotes good governance around remuneration matters aligned to the sustainable long-term success of the Company. The structure of the Company within the Aon Group of companies means that the primary responsibility for setting remuneration policy is at the ultimate parent company level (Aon pie- Ireland). Good governance around remuneration is promoted in a wide range of ways, including as follows: • Remuneration reviews for Directors and senior managers seek to ensure that their remuneration is aligned with business performance, behaviours and the achievement of Company purpose, values and strategy; • Engagement takes place on executive remuneration by the Chairman liaising with key Group stakeholders; • The NEDs provide input through the- Remuneration Committee to the CEO in respect of senior manag13mentremuneration, and to the Chairman in respect of the CEO remuneration; and • Individual and corporate conduct is reviewed at the Conduct Committee. Frameworks have been adopted to recognise both poor and good conduct and recommendations from the Conduct Committee on consequence management for individuals are then considered by management and reviewed through appropriate governance forums.

Highlight [page 20]: Colleagues, including senior management, are remunerated in a variety of ways including annual salaries, pension benefits, healthcare benefits, performance-linked incentives, and share-based compensation. The Remuneration Committee supports the Board in its oversight of remuneration matters and is comprised solely of NEDs. Its remit is to maintain oversight of the structuring of Director and senior executive remuneration, together with maintaining oversight of conduct-related impacts on remuneration imposed by the Conduct Committee. There is a clear linkage, under the Company's Consequence Management Framework, between the Conduct and Remuneration Committees. A summary of the consequence management recommendations agreed at the Conduct Committee is provided to the Remuneration Committee providing details on proposed conduct-related remuneration impacts. The Remuneration Committee reviews and, where relevant, challenges the recommendations, for example if the Committee concludes that an appropriate outcome was not reached in respect of the remuneration impact following a conduct issue. This Consequence Management Framework was in place for the 01 2021 annual remuneration round. Principle 6 - Stakeholders The Board seeks to align the Company's strategic direction with its overall purpose and its stakeholders' views are a key component of the Board's decision making. Stakeholder matters are regularly reported to the Board through the CEO Report (for example in respect of Clients, Colleagues, Community, Inclusion & Diversity). In addition, the Directors escalate stakeholder matters directly to the Board where. appropriate. Further commentary in regard to the Company's key stakeholders is as follows: Shareholder and the Aon Group: As a wholly-owned entity within the Aon Group of Companies, Board members regularly engage with Group leaders to ensure that the wider group aspirations for the business are fully understood and built into the Company's strategy and approach, embodying Aon United principles. This engagement covers a range of forms and formats, with the Chairman and the CEO in particular holding meetings with Group-level stakeholders and counterparts. The Committee Chairs also liaise with Group representatives and counterparts from time to time. Clients and Markets: The Company seeks to ensure that it conducts business in a manner which engages with clients in a clear, fair, and transparent way while maintaining market integrity and fair competition. Focus is on achieving good client outcomes and managing operational resilience to a standard that aims to limit detrimental impact to clients. The Company's strategy is executed around core values which are focused on delivering excellence across the client base with the Client Value Creation Model defining the way colleagues work together with our clients, what they can expect from Aon and the value Aon delivers. Aon offers industry-leading experience and provides comprehensive and tailored solutions to its clients, resulting in a distinctive service that delivers superior client value. The Company is also an active member of the Confederation of British Industry, London & International Insurance Brokers' Association and the British Insurance Brokers' Association which represent the interests of insurance brokers and British business to both governments and regulators and help to ensure effective and proportionate regulatory frameworks. Regulators: As a financial services business, the Company operates in a highly regulated environment and does so in a way which observes local law and regulation. The Company has an open, positive and transparent working relationship with the FCA, Aon's primary regulator, which involves regular meetings with the FCA Supervisory team and proactively engages with all regulators on key initiatives. Aon is supportive of regulators' efforts to maintain the UK's best-in-class regulatory regime.

Highlight [page 21]: Colleagues: Across the firm, Aon is united in its passion to create a culture of opportunity for colleagues -driven by collaboration and innovation - and where no individual person or part of Aon is stronger than the whole. Feedback from colleagues is encouraged through a number of different processes and forums, including focus groups and surveys. Colleague satisfaction is measured through an annual colleague support survey with results being reviewed and areas for improvement identified and actions tracked throughout the year. Themes from the surveys are shared with the Board. Colleagues' interests are also addressed in the standing CEO report to the Board and are regularly considered in the discussions held at Board meetings. In addition, the Board has appointed a designated colleague-focused NED to ensure particular focus on colleague engagement. For more on how Aon engages with colleagues see the 'Colleague Engagement' section below. Pension trustees: As the sponsor of several defined benefit pension schemes in the UK, the Company engages with the trustees of the schemes on a regular basis and seeks to maintain open and transparent communications. The Company works collaboratively with the trustees to reduce pension risk while maintaining the best outcomes for the members of the pension schemes. The Board is updated on relevant pension matters regularly and the pension governance framework seeks to ensure appropriate oversight and monitoring of pension risk. The CFO regularly attends trustee meetings to keep the trustees updated on the financial performance of both the Company and the wider Aon Group. Suppliers: Establishing trusted relationships with suppliers is critical to Aon's ability to deliver on the needs of clients, colleagues, and communities. The products and services suppliers provide enable the Company to effectively meet those requirements. Aon seeks to work with suppliers who provide the best combination of capability, capacity, quality, and price to meet the needs of the business. Building trusted partnerships starts with integrity. Aon colleagues and suppliers alike are bound to Aon's Code of Business Conduct. The Company publishes a Payment Practice Report in accordance with statutory requirements which sets out payment statistics on the average time taken to pay invoices and standard payment terms. The rigour applied to supplier selection and the ongoing supplier management process ensures that all involved parties' interests are maintained. Aon is committed to developing partnerships with a diverse range of suppliers who value relationships and strive to do their best each day. The Company has a Supplier Risk and Governance Framework which sets out minimum expectations around the selection, onboarding and management of suppliers and which seeks to ensure consistency in process and protection. Aon remains committed to maintaining a culture of integrity, transparency and accountability and seeks to ensure compliance with all applicable laws in relation to its business and supply chain. Aon expects the same commitment from its suppliers, agents and joint ventures in relation to their businesses and supply chains. The Company's statement pursuant to section 54 of the Modern Slavery Act 2015, which is available on the Company's website, describes Aon's ongoing commitment towards the prevention of modern slavery and human trafficking in the firm's supply chains and business. Social Impact and ESG: Aon is committed to implementing environmental, social and governance (ESG) best practices internally to promote corporate resiliency and sustainability and to prepare for the ongoing challenge it faces in relation to emerging and long-tail risks. As part of this, in Aon's 2020 Social Impact Report, Aon committed to achieving net-zero emissions by 2030 that will align with Science-Based Targets. Aon will accomplish this goal by reducing the environmental impact of its own operations - like a reduction in real estate footprint and travel by leveraging virtual capabilities - and becoming a more resilient, sustainable organisation. Aon's ESG Committee helps drive sustainable, environmentally conscious real estate and travel decisions and responsible supply-chain management practices. Moreover, Aon is committed to helping its clients do the same. By helping clients identify and mitigate key environmental, social and governance risks, Aon is working to become a powerful force for positive change helping to ensure a more sustainable future. As Aon works to further enhance its own resiliency in the wake of unprecedented short and long-term challenges, such as climate change and cybersecurity, it is actively working with clients, governments and other key stakeholders to help them navigate newer forms of volatility and unmet needs in order to tackle some of the greatest issues facing the global community together. Aon's purpose is to protect and enrich the lives of people around the world and, through its role as a corporate citizen, to give back to the communities in which Aon colleagues live and work. In the UK, the focus is on three areas - the community, inclusion and diversity (l&D) and the environment:

Highlight [page 22]: Environmental - The Company is part of the Aon Group of Companies which recognises the importance of its environmental responsibilities and is committed to reducing its impact on the environment. Since 2009, Aon has had a sustainability strategy which is supported by both operational and product strategies, including an energy management strategy. The Group generally monitors its impact on the environment and a detailed annual statement is included in the consolidated Aon pie Group Financial Statements. Aon is a founding member and current Chair of ClimateWise, a global insurance industry collaboration focused on driving action on climate change risk through research, guidance and reporting. Aon is also a signatory to the Terra Carta and The Sustainable Markets Initiative, both of which are led by His Royal Highness The Prince of Wales, focused on setting out a roadmap for businesses to move to a more sustainable future by 2030. Impact Investing plays an increasingly important role in progressing toward a more equitable and sustainable world and in 2020 Aon launched the Global Impact Fund. The fund, launched in the UK, invests in a range of companies that are working toward providing prosperity for economies, communities and our planet. It aligns with the United Nations Sustainable Development Goals and its aim is to generate capital appreciation over the long term while facilitating positive impacts on society. In 2021, Aon joined climate experts and business and government leaders at the United Nations Climate Change Conference, more commonly known as COP26, to learn and share insights on how Aon and the broader (re)insurance sector can help combat one of the most pressing issues of our generation - climate change. Through Aon's sponsorship of COP26 Green Horizons Summit (GHS@COP26) and the World Climate Summit, Aon tackled the big questions the financial sector faces, including accelerating the flow of capital into climate, nature-friendly investments and helping financial institutions "green" their business models. Social - Aon is committed to building diverse and thriving teams with the brightest talent. Aon provides colleagues with opportunities to grow and resources that support their wellbeing and journey to become the person they want to be in health, home, work and beyond. One of Aon's ESG Committee's core objectives is to develop a cohesive l&D strategy, in partnership with the l&D sub-committee of Aon's Board of Directors and Aon's Global Inclusive Leadership Council (GILC), with a focus on talent development and retention. Guided by the GILC's five Inclusion and Diversity (l&D) pillars -representation, education, recruitment, promotion and ESG - the UK Regional l&D Sub-Committee seeks to drive action locally by building a respectful and inclusive culture where everyone feels valued and able to be themselves at work. For more on this see the 'Inclusion and Diversity at Aon' section below. Through the various Aon Foundations at Group level, Aon supports organisations around the world through financial contributions, volunteer efforts and philanthropy. Aon works to mitigate risk, improve the health and quality of life for people and communities large and small, urban and rural. Aon's community programme encourages colleagues to become involved in supporting local communities in a variety of ways including mentoring and volunteering. The Aon UK Charitable Foundation is the principal vehicle for Aon's charitable donations. From 2020, the Aon UK Charitable Foundation supports two national charity partners nominated and voted for by colleagues. Some of the regional offices have also chosen a small local charity partner close to their offices for colleagues and the Aon UK Charitable Foundation to support. This has resulted in 18 small charities across the UK being supported. Aon colleagues also find ways to support local communities through individual volunteering. Governance - As a firm that helps clients manage risk, it is vital that Aon manages and mitigates its own business risks through strong corporate governance. Aon is dedicated to upholding the highest standards of integrity-both within the firm and by those it works with. With the Aon Code of Business Conduct, the Aon Board of Directors makes it clear to every colleague the high expectations and requirements for how to conduct business, and also provides resources to colleagues so they are prepared to do the right thing in even the most challenging situations. • • Further details on the Corporate Responsibility initiative www.aon.com/unitedkingdom/about-aon/corporate-responsibility.