

Highlight [page 9]: Corporate Governance Throughout the reporting period, the Company followed the Arcadis General Business Principles (AGBP),which define our interpretation of business ethics and form our Code of Conduct as set out by its ultimate parent company Arcadis N.V.. During the year ended 31 December 2021, the Company applied the "Wates Corporate Governance Principles for Large Private Companies". The six principles are summarised below: Principle One - Purpose and leadership The Company is part of the Arcadis N.V. group ("the Group"). Arcadis is a full-service design, engineering and consultancy organisation. Our work spans the entire asset life cycle. We consult on full-length projects, or even assist clients with their investment programmes, rather than individual projects. We know our industry sectors well and share that knowledge globally to provide best in class sustainable solutions to our clients. Considering the megatrends that are affecting our clients, shareholders, employees, and society we believe that we can create the greatest positive impact by putting our energy and focus into three key themes: Sustainable solutions, Digital leadership, and Focus & Scale. These three themes form the basis of our 2021-2023 strategic direction. Principle Two - Board composition Directors of the Company are listed in the Corporate Information on page 1. The Executive Board of the Group consists of the CEOand the CFO.The Executive Board is responsible for the management of the Group as well as its continuity, goals, objectives, long-term value creation strategy, policy, and results. The CEOdetermines the number of members of the Executive Leadership Team with approval of the Supervisory Board. The members of the Executive Leadership Team who are not Executive Board members are appointed and dismissed by the CEO,subject to approval of the Supervisory Board. At least once a year, the Executive Leadership Team evaluates its own functioning as a whole and that of individual members of the Executive Leadership Team. At least once a year, outside the presence of the Executive Board and the Executive Leadership Team, the Supervisory Board evaluates the functioning of the Executive Leadership Team, the Executive Board and that of the individual Executive Board members, and discusses the conclusions that must be attached to the evaluation, also in light of succession. Principle Three - Director responsibilities Directors have considered their duties under section 172 of the Companies Act 2006, this is set out in the Strategic report.

Highlight [page 10]: Principle Four - Opportunity and risk Exposure to risk is unavoidable in pursuit of the Group's strategy. Well-controlled risks can present new opportunities, resulting in value creation; however, uncontrolled risks can hinder the achievement of long-term strategic objectives and the Group's ability to succeed. The Group's Risk and Control (ARC)Framework enables a culture of risk awareness across the organization by identifying risks and defining controls which mitigate or manage these risks in line with the Group's risk appetite. It helps the Group's leadership identify, evaluate, communicate, and address risks. The Group's Executive Board is responsible for maintaining a comprehensive system of risk management and internal control, and for regularly reviewing its effectiveness. Each year, the Executive Board performs a review of the risks that the Group's is subject to and of the ARC Framework. Principle Five - Remuneration The directors are remunerated by way of a profit share from a fellow group subsidiary, Arcadis LLP. Further details are included in note 4. Principle Six - Stakeholder relationships and engagement Details of stakeholder and employee engagement are included in the Directors' report.