

Highlight [page 26]: CORPORATEGOVERNANCEREPORT In section 1 of this report, management refer to Segments and they may differ to the operating segments reported in section 2 of this report including note S. The Platforms explained in Our Businesses above (Ardonagh Advisory, Ardonagh Retail, Ardonagh Specialty and Ardonagh International) are the operating segments included in note 5. The Ardonagh Group Governance Framework and how our Boards apply the Wates Governance Principles ("the Wates Principles") Governance Framework The Ardonagh Governance Framework and organisation structure are designed to support effective decision making and rigorous oversight of business performance and risks to realise our purpose and strategic imperatives. The Ardonagh Governance Framework is documented in the Ardonagh Governance Manual maintained by the Group Company Secretary. The Governance Framework operates as follows: The Group Board The Group Board is accountable for the success of the Group for the benefit of its shareholders as a whole and for providing leadership within a framework of effective risk management and control. It sets strategic priorities and ensures that the Group is suitably resourced to achieve them and monitors the delivery of the business plan. In doing so, it has regard to its responsibilities to the Group's stakeholders including our colleagues, investors, customers, suppliers, regulators and the communities in which the Group operates. Other than such matters where responsibility is specifically defined and retained at Group-level, the Segment Boards discharge direct oversight and challenge over the Group's regulated businesses. The Group Board delegates authority to the CEOwho, through his Executive Committee, ensures that the collective vision, policies, culture and behaviour set by the Board are effectively communicated and embedded across the Ardonagh Group. This delegation from Boards to individuals is set out in the Ardonagh Accountability Framework for the Group and each Segment. The Group Board places reliance on the Segment Boards to discharge detailed oversight and challenge over business performance and the management of risk, which enables the Group Board to focus on the efficient use and deployment of capital in addition to setting strategy and exercising oversight and challenge over Group performance and the management of Group risks. The Group Board is responsible for ensuring that management maintain a system of internal control, which provides assurance over the effectiveness of operations, internal financial controls and compliance with laws and regulations. In carrying out this responsibility it has regard to its duties to all stakeholders and maintaining the Group's reputation. The Group and Segment Boards and their Committees receive information that helps them oversee the culture and conduct within each business. This includes reports from our second and third lines of defence functions, conduct risk reporting, compliance with Group Policies and Business Standards, specific reviews over individual risks and HR reports. Timely management reporting and accountability support the Group and Segment Boards in demonstrating the effective discharge of responsibilities under the Senior Managers and Certification Regime (SM&CR). The Board met fourteen times during 2021 and participated in several update calls. A number of sub-committee meetings were also held to discuss specific matters authorised by the Board. In addition, certain administrative matters were approved by written resolution. If a Director is unable to participate in a meeting either in person or remotely, the Chairman will solicit their views on key items of business prior to the meeting, in order that these can be presented at the meeting and be taken into account. The Composition of the Board during the year is set out on page 37. Board Committees The Group Board has delegated specific responsibilities to five standing Board Committees in order to consider and provide oversight over certain matters as set out below. Whilst the Board has made use of its Committees, it retains ultimate responsibility for the matters within their scope, which are set out in their terms of reference. Each Committee has an agenda plan which is reviewed and approved on an annual basis. Audit Committee The members of the Audit Committee during the year ended 31 December 2021 were Clive Bouch (Chair), Patrick Butler and Scot French. The Group Board is satisfied that the Committee has adequate recent and relevant financial and business experience to fulfil the roles as required. The purpose of the Committee is set out in the report from the Chair of the Audit Committee set out on pages 34 to 36. The Audit Committee met four times in 2021. The Committee periodically meets with the Group Head of Internal Audit and the External Auditor without management present.

Highlight [page 27]: Group Risk Committee The members of the Group Risk Committee during the year ended 31 December 2021 were Patrick Butler (Chair), John Tiner, Clive Bouch and Scot French. The Group Board is satisfied that the Committee has relevant risk and compliance experience to fulfil its responsibilities. The Group Risk Committee met four times in 2021. Periodically the Committee holds an individual meeting with the Chief Risk Officer, who has the right of accessat any time to the Chair of the Committee. Remuneration Committee The Remuneration Committee members during the year ended 31 December 2021 were John Tiner (Chair), Scot French, Vahe Dombalagian and Clive Bouch. The Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer and the Head of Reward attend Committee meetings, however they do not attend where their individual remuneration is discussed, and no Director is involved in deciding their own remuneration. The Remuneration Committee met seven times during 2021. Nomination Committee The Nomination Committee members during the year ended 31 December 2021 were John Tiner (Chair) and Scot French. The Nomination Committee met once during 2021. Investment Committee The Investment Committee members at the year ended 31 December 2021 were John Tiner (Chair), Scot French, Patrick Butler, Vahe Dombalagian, David Ross(CEO)and Diane Cougill (CFO).The Investment Committee met once in 2021. Segment Boards Each of our Segments; Advisory, Atlanta Retail, MGA & Binders, Ardonagh Specialty, Arachas and Ardonagh Global Partners have a Board, or equivalent ("Segment Board") to discharge oversight and challenge to ensure management deliver the annual business plan, integrate new businesses well, ensure M&Ainvestments deliver against their investment case and that risk is appropriately identified, monitored and managed within Group and Segment risk appetite. The composition of each Segment Board includes at least one independent director, a Group representative director and the Segment CEOand CFOas members. Other than Ardonagh Global Partners, each Segment Board has established a Risk & Audit Committee and a Remuneration Committee. As Ardonagh Global Partners grows, its governance will mature and ultimately fully adopt the Ardonagh Governance Framework, with relevant adjustments to reflect the international nature and existing governance in place for its underlying businesses. The Segment Boards and their Committees have all adopted common terms of references and operate within clearly defined delegated authorities set out in the Group Delegated Authority Framework and also within a clear escalation policy that ensures material matters are escalated to the Group _ona timely basis. All Boards are supported by the Group Company Secretarial function to ensure the Group Governance Framework is consistently applied. The Segment Boards and Risk & Audit Committees meet quarterly and as and when required. The Segment Remuneration Committees meet as and when required to consider matters within their remit and make recommendations as appropriate to the Group Remuneration Committee. Two-way dialogue between the Group and Segment Boards and Committees is key to the effectiveness of the Ardonagh Governance Framework. This communication is facilitated by the Group Chairman and the Group Company Secretarial function. Ardonagh-wide iNED calls and events are hosted periodically by the Group Chairman and Group iNEDs attend Segment Board meetings on a rolling basis. The Segment iNEDs have scheduled and ad-hoc calls with members of senior management to ensure they have deep and ongoing knowledge of the business and the markets in which they operate. Our Segment Boards and Committees regularly receive reports that together enable them to consider the culture within each business, including reviews by Compliance Assurance and Internal Audit, conduct risk reporting, compliance with Group Policies and Business Standards, key controls assessments, HR reports and Balanced Scorecard outcomes covering financial and non-financial metrics. The activities of the Ardonagh Community Trust (pages 31 and 32) is an indirect example of how our values and culture are aligned. To further support our culture and values, the Group has in place whistleblowing arrangements including a confidential phone line, email and interactive website managed and run by an independent third party. These arrangements support an open and honest culture where our employees feel valued and trusted to do the right thing. We have a positive commitment and open approach to speaking up, providing a safe working environment and treating customers fairly. In addition, the Group and our businesses have taken action to improve staff well-being and these are set out under Principle 6 below.

Highlight [page 28]: Planned changes to the Ardonagh Governance Framework The Group Board plans to make further changes to the governance framework to accommodate the expansion and growing maturity of our businesses and enable the Group Board to simplify its governance accordingly to ensure its activity does not duplicate the governance being discharged effectively by downstream Boards and Committees. These changes will be implemented during 2022 and will be reported on in detail in the 2022 Report and Accounts. Key areas of change are summarised below: • Business segments will be structured within platforms. • The primary purpose of the Platform Board will be to discharge oversight and challenge over the delivery of Platform strategy. This includes oversight over prudential and financial risk and debt related metrics. The Platform Board shall also approve all M&A for the Platform and within limits set by the Group Board. Platform Boards shall have their own Audit and Remuneration Committees. • Segment Boards shall discharge oversight and challenge over Segment financial performance against plan and performance against risk appetite and risk frameworks. The Segment Board will also discharge oversight over the delivery of M&A integration and synergies against investment case, as well as good conduct. Segment Boards shall have their own Risk Committee. • The Group Board shall set Group strategy, secure equity and debt capital, and ensure capital is efficiently deployed to maximise equity value to shareholders and oversee performance of Platforms against plans. • The Group Board committee structure shall be simplified, with the following committees continuing; Audit Committee and the Group Remuneration & Nominations Committee. • With the growing maturity of the control, risk and governance frameworks and the reduction in the number of Group owned risks, the current role and responsibilities of the Group Risk Committee shall be handed over to the Group Audit Committee and Segment Risk Committees. The Wates Principles The Board considers that the Group has applied all the Wates Principles. Set out below is an explanation of how they have been applied. Principle 1 -An effective board develops and promotes the purpose of a company, and ensures that its values, strategy and culture align with that purpose. The purpose of the Ardonagh Group is to maintain and grow its position as a leading multi-channel, diversified platform that delivers world class products and services to meet customer needs. This purpose is supported by the Group's strategy, values and culture. The Group and Segment Boards consider and approve a refreshed business plan each year that reflects the growth ambitions of the Group. The Ardonagh Group's values are set out in the Ardonagh code of conduct which sets out our expectations in respect to the treatment of our customers and colleagues, and our standards of professional integrity and personal performance. The code of conduct is supported by key initiatives, including annual all-employee mandatory training and ensuring discretionary annual bonus pools and individual awards are subject to consideration of non-financial performance, such as conduct & behaviour and employee engagement. Conduct & behaviour related adjustments to annual bonus pools are subject to review and calibration by the Group Chief Risk Officer and are reviewed and challenged by the Group Risk Committee and each Segment's Remuneration Committee and ultimately approved by the Group Remuneration Committee. In addition, for those employees that have specific regulatory obligations under the FCA'sSenior Managers & Certification Regime (SM&CR) there is additional training and controls in place to ensure that this population of employees are 'fit and proper' to discharge their responsibilities. Our people and culture are essential factors in our success as further explained below in our proactive application of Principle 6.

Highlight [page 29]: Principle 2 - Effective boo rd composition requires an effective chair and a balance of skills, backgrounds, experience and knowledge, with individual directors having sufficient capacity to make o valuable contribution. The size of a board should be guided by the scale and complexity of the company. In line with best practice, the role of Chair and CEO on the Group Board are separate and the Chairman was considered to be independent on appointment. The Group and Segment Boards periodically undertake a Board effectiveness review with the most recent review conducted in Q4 2019. The next Board effectiveness review will be conducted in 2023 to assessthe effectiveness of the changes to the governance framework outlined above. Independent directors meet with management on a regular basis between scheduled meetings to discuss corporate issues and progress against agreed actions. Directors are also subject to mandatory on line training on legal and compliance topics. All Board Directors are expected to be able to commit the time required to adequately fulfil their responsibilities. All newly appointed Directors to the Group and Segment Boards are provided with a comprehensive and bespoke induction programme aimed at familiarisation with the Ardonagh Group and focus on the challenges, opportunities and risks being faced by the business. The Wates Principles highlight the need for Boards to promote diversity and demonstrate that there has been a considered effort to establish an appropriate balance of expertise, diversity and objectivity. Diversity should be a factor in the recruitment of independent non-executive directors to Segment Boards. The Group has in place an Equality and Diversity Policy and the Board believe that equality and diversity strengthen the Group, contribute to long-term business performance and support the Group as a destination of choice for key talent. This is an industry-wide challenge and our Boards consider diversity and inclusion as part of the Board recruitment and management succession process. Our Boards have taken time to consider management actions and initiatives regarding diversity and inclusion and these are set out in more detail under Principles 5 and 6 below. Principle 3 - The board and individual directors should have a clear understanding of their accountability and responsibilities. The board's policies and procedures should support effective decision-making and independent challenge. The Group Board has delegated the day-to-day management of the Group to the CEO.The CEOhas delegated authority to approve specific issues subject to financial limits. In turn, the CEOhas delegated authority to his direct reports and these are set out in the Ardonagh Accountability Framework which evidences individual accountability under the FCA'sSenior Managers and Certification Regime. The Ardonagh Accountability Framework is supported by the Group Policies and Business Standards that set out the key controls to mitigate risk and appropriate training, role profiles and an annual attestation process. The core activities of the Board and its Committees are planned and approved on an annual basis. Meeting agendas are set in advance and take into account the planned activities and issues that fall within the scope and responsibilities of the Board, taking into account the matters reserved for the Board and the terms of reference of its Committees. The Chairman ensures appropriate time is spent by the Board to consider and discuss strategic issues, deep dives to focus on specific areas of our business, performance and oversight and risk and regulatory matters. The Board and its Committees are supplied with regular, comprehensive and timely information in a form and quality that enables them to discharge their duties effectively. All Directors are able to make further enquiries of the Executive Directors or the wider Ardonagh Group senior management team whenever necessary, and to have access to the services of the Group Company Secretary. There is a procedure in place for Directors to take independent professional advice in the course of their duties, if they judge this to be necessary, at the Ardonagh Group's expense. A delegated authority framework ("DAF") is in place which sets out the matters reserved to the Group Board and the delegated authorities from the Board to management and Segment Boards. The matters reserved for Group Board approval include changes to capital structure, M&A, Group policies, risk appetite and material contracts and financial matters over certain limits. The DAF will be updated in 2022 to reflect the changes to the Ardonagh governance framework outlined above. The Wates Principles highlight the importance of directors maintaining objectivity in complex situations. Under the Companies Act 2006, all Directors have a duty to avoid conflicts of interest and disclose any interests and outside appointments. The Board has put in place procedures to resolve situations where a Director has a conflict of interest and Directors have continuing obligations to update the Board on any changes to their disclosed conflicts. A record of actual and potential conflicts of interest is maintained by the Group Company Secretary and is subject to an annual review and attestation by each Director.

Highlight [page 30]: Principle 4 - A board should promote the long-term sustainable successof the company by identifying opportunities to create and preserve value and establishing oversight for the identification and mitigation of risks. During 2021, the Group Board considered the Group's plans to create sustainable organic growth over the long-term. This includes priorities for organic growth and growth through M&A.In 2021, the Group Board approved a M&A and integration framework that codifies areas of best practice across the Group and sets minimum requirements regarding the assessment, approval and integration of new investments. The M&A Framework aims to ensure the Group maximises equity value in a controlled manner whilst balancing the need for our businesses to maintain their entrepreneurial and opportunistic approach. The Group and Segment Boards all receive reporting on the M&A pipeline as a standing item. A case study on the M&A framework is set out under Principle 6 below. The Board has developed an Enterprise-wide Risk Management approach that applies to all parts of the Ardonagh Group. The key pillars of this approach are the Risk Framework, Conduct Risk Framework, Risk Appetite, Group Policies and Business Standards (which set out key controls) and the Ardonagh Accountability Framework. These frameworks form the Ardonagh Accountability, Risk & Compliance Framework (ARC).The ARC aims to ensure that the interests of customers and their treatment in our decision making and compliance with laws, regulation and our key controls environment are paramount and consistently applied whilst being flexible to enable our businesses to tailor them to their specific circumstances and markets. The Group and Segment Boards set and annually review risk appetite and exercise oversight and challenge over performance against risk appetite. There is a clear escalation policy which articulates the type and severity of risk events that require escalation to Segment and Group management and Boards. Our Boards are focussed on operational resilience and receive regular reports on cyber, IT and operations and business recovery plans. Our leadership teams actively seek improvements to operational performance and resilience, including where this involves outsourcing. During 2021 c.300 call centre roles were outsourced to overseas providers, helping mitigate recruitment pressures in the challenging UK market. We also commenced a significant programme of transformation that involves outsourcing operational processes to our joint venture with Mphasis. Our risk management frameworks are designed to increase understanding of risks, both inherent in the business and environmental, in order to improve decision-making. We accept certain risks where they are understood and within risk appetite or where there is a plan to bring within risk appetite over a short period of time. The Group Board retains ultimate responsibility for the Group's systems of internal control and risk management and their effectiveness, within which the Segment Board play an important role. These frameworks are designed to identify and manage, rather than eliminate risk and therefore provide reasonable and not absolute assurance against material misstatements or losses. The ARC,the three lines of defence model and how the Board exercises oversight over the identification set out in more detail on pages 16 to 20. and mitigation of risks is Principle 5 -A board should promote executive remuneration structures aligned to the long-term sustainable success of a company, taking into account pay and conditions elsewhere in the company. The Board seeks to ensure that remuneration is competitive, transparent and linked to individual, team segment and Group performance. The Group Remuneration Policy ensures that our remuneration structures support our strategy by: • Promoting sound and effective risk management through clear objective setting (that are monitored and measured). • Balanced scorecards for senior managers that include a range of financial and non-financial measures and are aligned with the Group's long-term strategic plans. • Non-financial measures include compliance behaviours and good customer outcomes. • Sales schemes are designed to incentivise the right compliance and customer outcome behaviours. • Role benchmarking, Business Standards and oversight exercised by the Group and Segment Remuneration Committees mitigate risk of inappropriate incentives and excessive rewards. Employee salaries are reviewed annually. The Remuneration Committee reviews and sets director fee levels for the Group and Segment Boards (relevant directors recuse themselves as appropriate and are not involved in the setting of their own salary and fees). Salary reviews take into account individual performance, Group performance and the underlying business environment. Remuneration is periodically and consistently benchmarked against relevant roles or across job families.

Highlight [page 31]: Remuneration strategies are expected to be devised with reference to issues identified in the Group gender pay gap report and our desire to promote Diversity and Inclusion within the Group. Gender pay gap reporting is recorded and reported as a Group and management have taken a series of measures to encourage the promotion of diversity throughout the workforce and in senior leadership roles. This includes: • Group-wide executive coaching and peer support programme for women leaders to encourage career progress, focus and accountability. • Women in Leadership programme is attended by women from across the Advisory segment of The Ardonagh Group. Management are continuing to develop and grow our programmes to support the development of women leaders. • Flexible and remote working have always been encouraged by management and became a necessity during Covid. A Group home working policy was introduced in 2020. • The Group People Commitments have been revised and published. • Diversity and Inclusion elearning module has been developed and launched on a Group-wide basis. • Diversity and Inclusion forums have been set up across the Group. • Review of policies such as recruitment and succession planning to ensure we are being as inclusive as possible. • Engagement Survey undertaken to ensure comments are captured and actioned. Principle6 - Directors should foster effective stakeholder relationships aligned to the company's purpose. The board is responsible for overseeing meaningful engagement with stakeholders, including the workforce, and having regard to their views when taking decisions. The Directors take seriously their obligations under s.172 (1) (a)-(f) of the Companies Act 2006 ("s.172 Duties") to act in a way they consider, in good faith, would be the most likely to promote the successof the Company for the benefit of its members as a whole and in doing so, have regard to; the likely consequences of any decision in the long-term, the interests of the Company's employees, the need to foster the Company's business relationships with suppliers, customers and others, the impact of the Company's operations on the community and the environment, the desirability of the Company maintaining a reputation for high standards of business conduct and the need to act fairly as between members of the Company. As explained under Principle 4 above, the Board considers the long-term consequences of its decisions. Having our two major shareholders represented on the Board provides strong shareholder engagement. Ongoing engagement with our shareholders and bondholders are primarily exercised through the use of investor presentations and quarterly bondholder calls. In 2021, management took steps to enhance our ESGactivities and plans and these are outlined on pages 29 to 33. The Board has identified the following as our key stakeholders and how the Board engages with each stakeholder group is set out below.

Highlight [page 31]: Employees Our employees are central to the success of the Ardonagh Group and the remuneration structures across Ardonagh are designed to reward good performance at the individual and business level and support our culture. In addition, our businesses focus on providing working conditions that are Covid-19 safe and providing long-term career prospects for staff with opportunities to up-skill through training, providing career progression paths and study support and, if appropriate, movement across different Ardonagh businesses. Each of our Segment Boards have undertaken a review of management succession, including focus on improving diversity over time. The Employee Group Plan is an equity scheme that recognises the wider contribution of employees; identifying key talent and future leaders within the Group. The plan extends to a wide cross-section of our people and has created a more diverse group both in terms of age and gender, that now hold equity. Our Boards believe in the importance of communication and engagement with all employees and this has become increasingly important since many of ou·r staff moved to homeworking or hybrid office and home working in 2020 and 2021. Good communication and engagement is also linked to and supports our actions taken to enhance staff well-being. Our Businessesall undertake regular communication and other engagement activities, including Group initiatives, such as Radio Ardonagh. Other Group initiatives include 'applause' where employees can give a 'shout out' to their colleagues who have gone above and beyond. There are also weekly all-staff communications, messagesfrom the CEOand our annual Spotlight Awards. Our Segments undertake local initiatives in addition to Group-wide initiatives.

Highlight [page 32]: Our third Group-wide employee pulse survey was undertaken in Q4 2021, which achieved an excellent 81% response rate from over 6,000 employees. The Group achieved an overall positivity score of 73.08% (2020: 74.74%). Our Group and Segment Boards have considered the pulse survey scores and the actions to be taken as a result of the survey, which include a refresh of actions to be taken across each of our 5 people commitments; Attract and Retain, Onboard and Develop, Recognise and Reward, Empower and Enable and Respect and Support. Each of these 5 people commitments outline our ambition for a diverse and fair workforce and an inclusive culture. The Group and each of our Segments have established diversity & inclusion forums in which to hold frank, straightforward conversations on topics such as well-being, diversity and inclusion and this two-way dialogue with our people has been warmly received and is leading to tangible actions and progress. Management understand that diversity and inclusion is an ongoing process and our journey will continue to be an area of focus, with key executives having individual personal objectives that support diversity and inclusion. Actions taken to date include mandatory all-staff unconscious bias training, extensive communications to promote awareness, an engagement of a third party to assist in improving diversity in recruitment in our Specialty business and Group-wide education and allyship on an ongoing basis and not just centred around annual celebrations, including International Women's Day and Pride Month. Customers Seeking good customer outcomes is central to the successof the business. Management continues to improve how we track how our customers perceive our businesses . In addition, our products and services are periodically reviewed to ensure they continue to meet the needs of our customers. An example of this is set out on page 31, where our Atlanta Retail business has now become one of the first insurance partners of Plain Numbers that will ensure our insurance documents are clear to all our customers. Our Segment Boards discharge oversight over performance against conduct risk frameworks and key customer related metrics to ensure the customer remains at the heart of our decision making. Our businesses have fully embraced the FCA requirements on general insurance pricing and value that came into force at the end of 2021. Regulatory relationships Our regulators across the world are key stakeholders and the Board prioritises positive, open and transparent engagement with all our regulatory relationships by ensuring the right 'tone from the top', which starts with how the Board and senior management engage with our regulators. The Group and Segment Boards also receive regular updates on regulatory interactions and new regulatory guidance and how they impact our businesses. We regularly participate in regulatory thematic reviews and believe that a strong relationship with our regulators is a source of competitive a~vantage. Insurers Our insurance partners are fundamental to the success of the business. Senior leaders regularly meet with our key insurance partners to discuss performance and ways in which we can enhance cover for customers and feedback on insurer relationships are reported to our Segment Boards. Our Suppliers Our key suppliers are defined by the Group Outsourcing and Procurement Policy which ensures that all key suppliers are identified and subject to appropriate monitoring and engagement, the level of which is dependent on the size and critical nature of the services supplied. We also have minimum due diligence standards to be performed on key suppliers before they are engaged, which includes a requirement that suppliers have ESGand modern slavery policies that are at least as stringent as our own. Community Ardonagh contributes to the communities in which we operate through the Ardonagh Charitable Trust ('ACT'). Details of its activities are set out on pages 31 and 32.

Highlight [page 33]: Case Study in considering stakeholders in decision making The Group Risk Committee approved the Group M&A and Integration Framework ("M&A Framework") in November 2021, which sets minimum requirements regarding the assessment, approval and integration of new investments. In considering the M&A Framework, the Board considered the impact of implementation across a number of key stakeholders, outlined below: Colleagues Our Boards understand that cost savings are an integral part of the investment thesis for each acquisition and are mindful of the impact of acquisitions on our colleagues. This includes ensuring all colleagues are treated with respect, that impacts on our SM&CR population are worked through and approved as part of the M&A approval process and that colleagues that leave the business following an acquisition are given appropriate support. The Board are also mindful of the opportunity for incoming talent from acquired businesses to move into larger roles either within the Segment or across the Group and be factored into our succession planning. Customers Our customers are at the heart of our decision making and our Boards consider how an incoming business can enhance how we meet the needs of existing and new customers when evaluating potential M&A opportunities. Continually improving how we meet the needs of our customers is central to the success of our business. Our due diligence process focusses on any potential conduct issue that could cause customer detriment and our integration process requires new businesses to adopt the ARC within a set timeframe, with priority given to adopting customer and conduct related policies and business standards. In addition, new businesses must adopt and comply with the Group remuneration policy which ensures the right conduct behaviours are incentivised and rewarded. Insurers Our Boards seek to ensure that management utilise our existing Group-wide insurer relationships or new insurer relationships coming into the Group from acquired businesses to improve capacity and/or terms to better meet the needs of our customers. Regulatory Our M&A Framework codifies areas of existing best practice across the Group and evidences our commitment to ensuring new businesses meet our minimum risk and compliance standards in a timely and controlled manner. Cultural fit is a key part of our investment criteria and incoming businesses must share similar values and positively contribute to nurturing and developing our culture. Suppliers Integration plans include how we bring new businesses into our existing supplier network in order to manage costs and strengthen operational resilience. Community Our Boards ensure that colleagues in newly acquired businesses that join the Group are able to participate in the ACT quarterly community grant programme as quickly as possible, enabling their local communities to receive impactful grants that can make a difference and encourage active participation by our colleagues with local charities and causes. Shareholders The M&A Framework positions the business to deliver our inorganic growth plans and create our targeted equity value by articulating minimum financial criteria by which M&Aopportunities are assessedand ensuring Boards discharge governance and oversight over th.e delivery of business, synergy and integration plans to drive equity value and deliver the right outcomes for all our stakeholders.