

Highlight [page 54]: Wates Corporate Governance Statement For the year ended 30 June 2021, under The Companies (Miscellaneous Reporting) Regulations 2018, Arqiva has applied the Wates Corporate Governance Principles for Large Private Companies (as published by the Financial Reporting Council (FRC)in December 2018 and available on the FRCwebsite). Companies are able to adopt the Wates principles as an appropriate framework when making a disclosure regarding corporate governance arrangements. We have adopted the disclosure in our 2021 Annual Report and Financial Statements and we set out below how the principles have been applied over the past year. PRINCIPLE ONE - PURPOSE AND LEADERSHIP- An effective board promotes the purpose of a company, and ensures that its values, strategy and culture align with that purpose. Purpose/focus and activities during the year. The divestment of the Group's Telecoms business was successfully completed in early July 2020. Subsequently, the focus of the Board and Executive Committee during the year has been to lead Arqiva through an uncertain Covid 19 period and to re-set the business' purpose with a particular emphasis on its core broadcast, media networks and utilities businesses and its customers. The following items were the key areas of focus during the year: Item Headline purpose and strategy matters Summary The development of a new and updated purpose for Arqiva - which is "Enabling a switched-on world to flow'' - and also the Vision 2031 work which has brought our purpose, our vision and our strategy together has been the focus for building a sustainable future for Arqiva. The Board has overseen these matters alongside the development and adoption of a detailed and robust long-term plan for the business with appropriate cost and investment assumptions which now underpin the business. This was the first long-term plan for the 'new' business, following the divestment of the Telecoms business to Cellnex which was completed in July 2020. Capital structure Following the divestment of the Telecoms business, the Board has overseen a restructuring of its capital structure through the repayment of a significant portion of its external debt and also the rationalisation of its derivatives positions associated with that debt. An indicative credit upgrade was confirmed by the rating agencies at the end of the year. Customers Arqiva is a smaller and less complex business post the Telecoms divestment, and the Board has sought to ensure senior engagement with key customers and stakeholders to cement working relationships, share Arqiva's new purpose and to open up further opportunities for collaboration. In addition, a significant customer engagement survey was carried out in May 2021. This provided valuable insights in to Arqiva's performance, what it needs to do to maintain its position in certain areas, and what it needs to do to prepare for the future.

Highlight [page 55]: Integrated organisation The Board has overseen the implementation of an integrated organisational design whose purpose is to more directly and effectively serve our customers and ensure alignment across our functions with the business' purpose and direction. People & Culture A particular focus has been on ensuring the right levels of skills and experience amongst our employees which was important to deliver Arqiva's new purpose in the new organisational design. The Board has overseen a company wide restructuring and redundancy programme which was carried out during the year. This resulted in a significant number of changes in the employee mix - with a number of individuals leaving the business, others being successful in being appointed to new roles, and also a significant recruitment exercise to fill vacant roles. A new senior leadership group was formed in the summer of 2020. This group has benefitted from significant investment through personal and leadership development activities throughout the year. The leadership group has been key to certain Culture transformation initiatives over the course of the year and bringing to fruition a target culture blueprint for the business. In addition, the implementation of our post-pandemic "Work. Life. Smarter." practices has started and will continue to be rolled out. The intention is to enable a migration to a hybrid home/office working model for our people. Operational performance The operational performance of the business has been closely monitored by the Board as part of the regular Board meeting agendas. In particular, the impact of Covid 19 on the performance of the business has been considered on a more frequent basis, and the relevant operational risks associated with Covid 19 continue to be carefully managed. In addition, the global component shortage has had an impact on meter supply schedules and this has been frequently considered by the Board and senior management. Governance A number of appointments/changes have been made to the Group's executive committee during the year. In addition to the business' new integrated organisational design, a number of improvements and updates have been made to the business' internal governance structures and delegated authorities. Covid 19 The principal aims of the Board in its response to the ongoing Covid 19 pandemic were to ensure the safety of its employees and assist individuals with the evolving lockdown situations and 'working from home' realities, and also maintain operational capability and delivery to the Group's customers. In addition, the Board continued to oversee the Group's engagement with its most affected and key customers. Transformation The Board has continued to oversee the programme to upgrade the Group's IT, systems and processes to enhance operational capability and bring efficiencies to the Group's operations.

Highlight [page 55]: Values and culture Arqiva's values are embedded throughout the organisation, and adherence to them forms part of employees' performance reviews and reward structure. Independent surveys of both employee and customer engagement are undertaken. Engagement with BECTUis described under Principle 6 (Stakeholders) below. The Group's People & Culture team monitors absenteeism rates and processes are also in place to encourage and monitor exit interviews. These form part of matters reported upon to the Operational Resilience Committee, which reports in to the Board.

Highlight [page 56]: PRINCIPLETWO - BOARDCOMPOSITION- Effective board composition requires an effective chair and a balance of skills, backgrounds, experience and knowledge, with individual directors having sufficient capacity to make a valuable contribution. The size of a board should be guided by the scale and complexity of the company. Chair The Group's corporate governance structure creates a clear separation between the role of the Chair and that of the Chief Executive Officer. The Chair (who is independent of the Group's Shareholders) is a highly experienced business executive having held many senior executive roles in the technology and telecoms sectors. The Chair has actively encouraged open debate and discussion in the appropriate forums including main Board meetings which are scheduled to take place at least six times per year, and also at Board sub-committee meetings (those committees being the Audit & Risk Committee, Nominations & Governance Committee, Operational Resilience Committee, Capital Structure Committee and the Remuneration Committee). Balanceand diversity The Board has deep and relevant experience which has provided invaluable external industry input to assist more effective decision-making in relation to a number of key matters brought before the Board. The Group operates in a number of diverse and complex markets which require the Board to have a detailed understanding of the relevant sector in order to arrive at informed decisions. Arqiva is actively working with Inclusive Employers in relation to diversity and inclusion. The Group recognises that there is further work to do in this area and continues to promote relevant initiatives. Page 36 of the Annual Report provides a breakdown of the gender of Directors and employees. Sizeand structure The size and structure of the Board remains under periodic review so that it is best organised to meet the needs and challenges of the Group. In terms of Board size, a balance has been struck between ensuring Shareholders are adequately represented via their nominated Directors but also identifying directors with relevant industry experience to be appointed together with the Group's CEOand CFO(see pages 43-47 of the Annual Report for full details of the composition of the Board of Directors and Senior Executive Management). Whilst Frank Dangeard, Mike Darcey and Sally Davis all originally joined Arqiva as independent non-executive directors, each of them were also Shareholder directors representing Macquarie, CPPIBand MTAA/IFM respectively in the year to 30 June 2021. We acknowledge that there is a relative lack of diversity on the Board. As part of the new appointments to the Senior Leadership groups, improvements have been made to broaden diversity and this will continue in the future. Effectiveness The Group undertook an extensive Board effectiveness/evaluation exercise in December 2020 using an external online platform together with relevant diagnostics, and the results of the exercise were considered and discussed at a meeting of the Nominations & Governance Committee and the Board of directors in February 2021. The key action recommendations from the exercise included the following: Arqiva's sustainability activities should be an increasing priority that form part of the company's value creation and strategic objectives. Diversity & inclusion and sustainability matters will be a more prominent agenda item at relevant committee meetings and also at the Board twice a year from FY22onwards. Succession planning and talent review matters will be regular agenda items for the Nominations & Governance Committee. The composition of the Board (and/or the potential for a Board observer or external advisor) would be kept under review to ensure the right breadth of experience and input at the Board. An increased focus by the Audit & Risk Committee in appraising strategic risk factors and whistleblowing matters.

Highlight [page 57]: PRINCIPLE THREE - DIRECTOR RESPONSIBILITIES- A board should have a clear understanding of its accountability and terms of reference. Its policies and procedures should support effective decision-making and independent challenge. The Board has a programme of six principal meetings every year, with additional meetings arranged for key projects, strategic matters or circumstances such as Covid 19, as may be required. Accountability Decisi_onswhich are within the remit of the Board or Shareholders are set out in a Shareholders' Agreement (as Board Reserved Matters and Shareholder Reserved Matters). There is a comprehensive Delegation of Authority policy which sets out the responsibilities that are delegated to the Executive and those decisions which must be made at Board or Shareholder level. This policy was updated and a revised policy brought to the June 2021 Board meeting for approval. Typically, Board or Shareholder Reserved Matters are raised at regular Board meetings and written resolutions are obtained where otherwise required. A Conflicts of Interest paper is maintained and regularly updated with details of Board or Shareholder conflicts. Any conflicts which may compromise independent decision making would be raised by the Company Secretary at the relevant Board meeting; a Director having a conflict is not entitled to discuss or vote on the relevant matter, or to count in the quorum. Committees Five Board sub-Committees have been instituted. Pages63-64 of the Annual Report provides an overview and description of each of the Board sub-Committees comprising: Audit & Risk, Remuneration Committee, Nominations & Governance and Operational Resilience. The Capital Structure Committee was established in summer 2020, principally to oversee and recommend the activities associated with the restructuring of Arqiva's capital structure through the repayment of a significant portion of its external debt and also the rationalisation of its derivatives positions associated with that debt. The Capital Structure remains in place, its core focus being the consideration and optimisation of Arqiva's capital structure. The Board sub-Committees promote effective decision making and greater accountability and focus in relation to each of the areas covered by the respective Board sub-Committees. Integrity of information The Board receives regular reports from the Executive and Senior Management on key matters for which the Board has responsibility, including strategic projects; comprehensive financial reporting; key customer and regulatory matters; updates on operational resilience (including physical and cyber security as well as health and safety and environmental issues); details of major bids and performance of key contracts and market issues faced by the Group as well as developments in technology and regulation. The Group uploads papers to a board portal for ease of review and administration. Other than in exceptional cases papers are submitted in advance and taken as read at Board meetings, allowing any presentations to focus on highlighting key issues, discussion and dealing with questions. The Chairs of each of the Board Committees are aware of the importance of their position and during FY20they have each met (virtually) with key employees of the Group to build relationships and gain direct accessto those dealing with the day to day business of the Group. PRINCIPLEFOUR - OPPORTUNITY AND RISK- A Board should promote the long-term sustainable successof the company by identifying opportunities to create and preserve value, and establishing oversight for the identification and mitigation of risks. Opportunity The Group's Board maintains a focus on how the Group creates and preserves value over the long-term which is principally achieved through a well-developed strategic and long-term planning process. The Board keeps its strategy under review which provides a forum to present future business opportunities. Appropriate governance mechanisms are in place to ensure that new business opportunities above a certain value are considered and approved by the Board.

Highlight [page 58]: Risk The Group has a well-developed risk management process in place and continues to utilise its an online risk assessment tool, which is used throughout the business (which is described on pages 49 of the Annual report). The Group's Audit and Risk function works with the Chief Executive Officer to review and consolidate the most significant business risks into a corporate risk register for scrutiny at quarterly Executive Committee and Audit & Risk Committee meetings. Arqiva's key operational risks and mitigations are outlined in detail on pages 49-52 of the Annual Report. Responsibilities The Group has adopted the Enterprise Risk Management approach to managing its risk which has been approved by the Group's Audit & Risk Committee. This incorporates an internal control framework clearly defining roles and responsibilities of those involved. Responsibilities include the following: The Group's Executive Committee takes recommendations for ensuring the risk management framework remains effective going forward; Processesare in place for managing the principal risks and uncertainties; The internal control framework (described on page 49 of the Group's annual report) confirms that there is a monitoring and review process in place to evaluate risks at both business unit and Board level. PRINCIPLE FIVE - REMUNERATION - A board should promote executive remuneration structures aligned to the long-term sustainable success of a company, taking into account pay and conditions elsewhere in the company. Remuneration A consistent approach has been adopted in setting the level and structure of remuneration in relation to each member of the Executive Committee to secure appropriate and fair levels of remuneration. Benchmarking and advice from external remuneration consultants is obtained. Remuneration comprises of a number of elements including base salary, an annual bonus and a long-term incentive plan. Page 37 of the Group's annual report provides more detail and explains how remuneration is structured to recognise high performance reward for achieving targets in line with the Group's sustainable successand values. This aligns with remuneration arrangements for the remainder of the organisation where every employee's remuneration is made up of a combination of base salary and annual bonus (which, again, is linked to personal performance and achieving financial targets in line with the Group's objectives). Following a review of the Group's remuneration structures by the new Chief People Officer, initiatives in the year to 30 June 2021 have included new approaches to reward and incentives that underpin future cost savings while ensuring transparency and alignment with shareholder objectives. Policies The Group has delegated remuneration matters to the Remuneration Committee (which is a committee of the Board). The Remuneration Committee operates in accordance with documented terms of reference. The Remuneration Committee is committed to take into account the pay and employment conditions of the Group's wider workforce when making recommendations in relation to Executive pay. The Group's bonus and long-term incentive plans are documented in writing and reviewed at least annually by the Remuneration Committee and any payments made operate against documented performance targets. In addition, the Remuneration Committee considers the company wide annual pay increase on an annual basis. As part of this process, the Remuneration Committee will assess increases against certain criteria including taking into account other comparative pay metrics in the industry, discussions held with BECTU,the existing and future financial capacity of the business, and also aligning with the long term sustainable success of the company. In the year to 30 June 2021, annual pay negotiations were concluded with BECTUwith agreement to go to a ballot of its members. This occurred in early July 2021 and agreement was reached on the business' proposals.

Highlight [page 59]: PRINCIPLE SIX - STAKEHOLDERS -A board has a responsibility to oversee meaningful engagement with material stakeholders, including the workforce, and have regard to that discussion when taking decisions. The board has a responsibility to foster good stakeholder relationships based on the company's purpose. Stakeholders The Group's key Stakeholders include its employees; customers; suppliers; debt investors; Shareholders; pensions trustees; and regulatory and government bodies including Ofcom, DCMS and BEIS. Senior Management and the Strategy and Regulatory team work closely with industry and lobby groups and representatives of the various regulatory bodies, and the Board is regularly briefed informally and formally on developments. The value of good relationships with local communities, in the context of planning requirements for example, is understood and focu·s is given to fostering these relationships. The Group provides reports to investors and creditors as part of its listed debt obligations and conducts regular investor calls which give the opportunity for debt investors to raise questions with the Group. The Group's procurement operations function actively undertakes reviews of its supplier base and to enhance its best practice in this field. Workforce Arqiva communicates to its employees through regular email newsletters, updates over email directly from the CEO and local messaging from the Executive Management. The CEO and Executive Management have also conducted small listening groups in person where possible. However, due to the Covid 19 pandemic, the use of live broadcasts and presentations streamed online (rather than roadshows) has continued and this has been well received by employees. This has been done alongside interactive question functionality which enables a live dialogue with the workforce. Individual video interviews with members of the Executive Management have also been published on the Arqiva intranet. During the Covid 19 pandemic in particular, the Executive Management team has been the principal conduit through which the Board has been able to assessworkforce considerations and related views for the purposes of their decision making processes. The Group has active union representation from BECTU,as well as an elected Employee Board, and employee forums throughout the different functions. The People & Culture team work closely with each of these bodies, consulting on any proposed changes to terms; policies and processes; as well as seeking feedback on workplace morale, culture and issues of concern or interest to the workforce. In the year to 30 June 2021, due to the company wide restructuring and redundancy programme, the interaction between Arqiva, its Employee Board and BECTUhas been heightened. A constructive and pro-active dialogue was swiftly established between the parties and a constructive relationship has been cemented as a result. External impacts The Group's Corporate Responsibility statement sets out, on pages 34-37 of the Directors' Report, a description of the Group's focus areas used to ensure that it acts responsibly, ethically and safely, from a Corporate; Community; Employee; and Business perspective. The statement also includes a summary of the Group's approach to environmental factors.