

Highlight [page 12]: 6. Corporate Governance Statement In line with the requirements of the Companies (Miscellaneous Reporting) Regulations 2018, Associated British Ports ('ABP') has adopted the Wates Corporate Governance Principles for Large Private Companies ('Wates Principles') as its corporate governance code. The company is the principal operating subsidiary within the ABP group and adheres to a group-wide corporate governance framework which follows best practice and is considered suitable for its ownership, size, structure, and complexity of operations: Details of how the company has applied the Wates Principles throughout the year are outlined below. Further information on the wider governance framework can be found in the annual report and accounts of ABP A Holdings Limited. 6.1 Principle One - Purpose and Leadership The company's ports are an integral part of supply chains within multiple sectors of the UK economy and our purpose is to support our customers in "Keeping Britain Trading". We seek to accomplish this by being recognised as the best port operator in the UK. ABP's purpose is aligned with, and built upon, a foundation of five core values: Health & Safety; Openness & Honesty; Teamwork & Respect; Making a Difference; and Exceeding Expectations. ABP is committed to a pro-active safety culture, ensuring a safe working environment and looking after the welfare of all our employees and port users. The Board monitors safety performance through K.Pls and also our 'Spot-It!' feedback system, which is designed to capture any safety, marine or environmental incident, near miss or observations that could cause injury or impact the environment and to share best practice throughout the organisation. Other methods used by the Board to monitor culture include: feedback at regular regional staff briefings undertaken by Board members; employee engagement smveys; reviewing whistleblowing disclosures; and trade union engagement. Directors have regular dialogue with, and receive feedback from, the group's shareholders whose representatives sit on the Board of Associated British Ports Holdings Limited (' ABPH'), the company's immediate parent undertaking. 6.2 Principle Two - Board Composition The Board of ABP comprises members of the group's executive team: the Chief Executive Officer ('CEO'); Chief Financial Officer ('CFO'); three Regional Directors; and five directors of key functions (listed under 'Directors' above). The size and composition of the Board is considered to be appropriate given the nature of the company and its position within the group. Appointments to the Board of ABP are made by the Board of ABPH, on the recommendation of the group Remuneration and Nomination Committee ('RemCo'). The Board benefits from directors who have a broad range of skills, backgrounds and knowledge. Their experience of the ports industry, in addition to other sectors and industries, allows them to add a valuable contribution. ABP recognises the benefits of diversity on the Board and throughout the organisation and has continued to support efforts to increase diversity across the Maritime Industry, remaining a signatory of the Women in Maritime Taskforce Charter. In January 2021, ABP also joined Maritime UK's Diversity in Maritime Charter programme.

Highlight [page 13]: 6.2 Principle Two - Board Composition (continued) Board meetings are chaired by the CEO and provide an open and constructive forum for directors to be kept up to date on developments across all business areas, provide oversight of operational matters and make informed decisions. Directors have agreed those matters which are reserved for the Board's consideration and an annual governance calendar is used to support the setting of the Board's agenda, ensuring relevant matters are considered at appropriate times throughout the year. On appointment, directors receive a thorough induction programme which includes port VISlts, meetings with key members of management and the group's shareholder representatives. In addition, directors all receive training on their duties and other key legislation/regulation, as required. Board meetings have historically been held at different ports throughout the year, so directors have the opportunity to tour locations as a Board and meet local staff and customers. 6.3 Principle Three - Director Responsibilities Each director has a clear understanding of their accountability and responsibilities. The Board receives accurate, comprehensive and timely information on the company's business and financial performance to enable appropriate monitoring and effective oversight of key matters. The group's finance function is staffed by appropriately qualified individuals who ensure the integrity of financial infonnation provided to the Board. The group is externally audited by Ernst & Young LLP ("EY"), with internal audit services provided by appropriate specialists to assess financial and other internal controls and health and safety processes. As noted above, there is a schedule of matters reserved specifically for the Board, although where appropriate, some decisions are delegated to, or led by, those directors with the most relevant knowledge and industry experience. In addition, certain material matters are required under a shareholders' agreement to also be approved by the Board of ABPH and, in some cases, the group's shareholders. The Board formally meets ten times a year, with ad hoc meetings held as necessary, to ensure matters are considered and progressed in a timely manner. In addition, the company is the Statutory Harbour Authority ('SHA') for 22 ports and harbours, including the Humber Estuary. The Board meets separately, at least four times a year, as the Harbour Authority and Safety Board ('HASB') to exercise certain duties as the SHA. The HASB has its own remit in relation to its powers and duties as a SHA and in respect of health and safety matters. Papers for Board and HASB meetings are usually circulated well in advance of a scheduled meeting to ensure sufficient time for directors' review and consideration. On an annual basis, each director is required to declare any potential conflicts of interest, and at each Board meeting directors are prompted to raise any conflicts of interest they have in any matters that are to be discussed. If conflicts of interest are raised, appropriate safeguards are put in place. 6.4 Principle Four - Opportunity and Risk The Board is committed to the long-term sustainable growth of the company and to seeking opportunities whilst ensuring effective oversight artd mitigation of risk. Longer term and strategic initiatives to create value are identified through the strategic review, annual five-year planning exercises and the Port Master Planning process. This enables the business to determine the level of long-term infrastructure investment that may be required to secure and achieve growth. Other opportunities may also be identified through quarterly business reviews and day to day activities.

Highlight [page 14]: 6.4 Principle Four - Opportunity and Risk (continued) The Board recognises the importance of effective risk management to preserve value. Risks are •managed in accordance with the group risk management policy and within the group's risk appetite, both of which are approved by the Board of ABPH, on the recommendation of the group's Audit and Risk Committee. The risk management policy, risk appetite and longer-term emerging risks are kept under review and updated, as appropriate, at least annually. Processes are in place to ensure that inherent and emerging risks are identified in a timely manner and are then appropriately managed. The group maintains risk registers covering key operational and strategic risks and regular reports are provided to the Board, as part of their oversight of risk management and controls. Proposals for Board approval are always required to detail risk considerations and mitigation. Further information on the company's principal risks can be found in the Strategic Report on pages 1 to 3. 6.5 Principle Five - Remuneration ABP is committed to executive remuneration structures which are aligned to the company's culture and values and promote the long-term sustainable success of the business and the interests of the group's shareholders. The group's policy is to provide appropriate and fair levels of remuneration and incentives at a level which attracts and retains high-quality directors, senior management and staff. The remuneration of the CEO, CFO and other ABP directors is determined by the Board of ABPH, on the recommendation of the RemCo. The RemCo comprises entirely Non-Executive Directors of ABPH and no Director of ABP is present during discussion of their own remuneration. In line with its terms of reference, the RemCo seeks to provide responsible incentives that encourage enhanced performance and reward individual contJ.ibutionsto the long-te1m strategic goals of the group. When considering the remuneration of the ABP Board, and annual salary increases, the Rem Co takes into account the pay and conditions across the wider ABP group. The Board annually publishes ABP's Gender Pay Gap Report, which details the progress made to reduce the pay gap between men and women. 6.6 Principle Six - Stakeholder Relationships and Engagement The Board recognises the impact its decisions can have on its internal and external stakeholders and understands the importance of engagement with stakeholders to achieving its long-term strategy. Further information on the company's stakeholders and engagement methods can be found in the Strategic Report on pages 3 to 7.