

Highlight [page 12]: Corporate governance statement For the year ended 31 December 2021, pursuant to The Companies (Miscellaneous Reporting) Regulations 2018, the Company generally applied the Wates Corporate Governance Principles for Large Private Companies (the Wates Principles) (published by the Financial Reporting Council (FRC) in December 2018 and available on the FRC website). As the Company forms a part of the wider Group, however, the Company applies certain corporate governance measures as required by its ultimate parent company, which is registered in Canada and publicly listed on the Toronto Stock Exchange. This statement establishes where the Company complies with the Wates Principles (as a benchmark) and where the Company deviates (and to what extent).

Highlight [page 13]: Principle 1 - Purpose and leadership The Company strives to be a premier engineering solutions partner, committed to delivering complex projects from vision to reality for a sustainable lifespan. Further, the Company is one of the world's most respected design, engineering and project management consultancies and, in the UK, primarily serves aerospace, defence, infrastructure, transportation, and energy sectors with a strong focus on sustainability at the heart of everything it delivers. The Company (and the Group generally) maintains four key values: integrity, safety, collaboration, and innovation. The directors of the Company recognise that these four values directly affect both performance and long-term value and guide the decision-making and strategy of the Company. For example, meetings regularly begin with both a safety and an integrity moment where employees are encouraged to share their experiences of both matters (the moments themselves range from providing a relevant update related to the value to sharing personal experiences). The Company acknowledges the importance of acting with integrity and acting in a safe manner and further acknowledges that each of these values is particularly important in the engineering and construction industry within which the Company operates. Such values are also materially important for many of our stakeholders. The Ethisphere Institute, a global leader in defining and advancing the standards of ethical business practices, awarded the Group (including its subsidiaries) with the coveted Compliance Leader Verification for 2021-2022, extending an earlier 2019-2020 verification. This recognition demonstrates our ongoing commitment to building a world-class culture of integrity. Ethisphere conducted a thorough assessment of the Group's Integrity Program and benchmarked it against its 2020 World's Most Ethical Companies data set, providing insight into the programs and practices of leading companies around the world. The Group's performance was specifically evaluated on six main areas: program resources and structure; perceptions of ethical culture; written standards; training and communication; risk assessment, monitoring and auditing; and enforcement, discipline and incentives. Every year, and as detailed further in our Employee Engagement statement contained within these Financial Statements, the Company undertakes an anonymous employee engagement survey (available to every employee in the UK (and more widely, around the world)). From this survey, results are collated and reviewed in order to focus on particular areas where the Company wishes to improve, or where survey results do not meet expectations. Such employee engagement surveys request feedback on employee awareness of the Company's vision, values and purpose as well as feedback on how employees undertake to improve awareness and feature these items at the heart of their engagement with suppliers, customers and other stakeholders. The survey also aims to understand employee awareness and view of the Company's culture. The Company has a number of procedures and processes in place to ensure that all employees focus on the Company's strategy and values at every opportunity. Such processes include risk and governance reviews, in line with the Company's risk and governance policy (including Stage Gate reviews), as well as an independent whistle-blower hotline which is available for all employees to raise any concerns they may have. In addition, the Board regularly reviews conflicts of interest and encourages all directors to raise any conflicts of interest (either actual or perceived) for consideration and approval, where appropriate. Principle 2-: Board composition The Company considers that its Board is of an appropriate size for the functions and responsibilities being discharged. Each director of the Company is a member of a wider management team within the Group (such as the Group's Operational Leadership Team, Operational Leadership Group, and Executive Committee) which enables further understanding of stakeholder and shareholder views and builds and strengthens relationships with such stakeholders and shareholders. The Company believes that the Board is sufficiently diverse with regard to experience and background, and, although during 2021 Joanne Jarman was appointed to the Board, making some progress in addressing the gender balance of the Board composition, it is acknowledged that gender and ethnic diversity is still not sufficiently represented. This is an area that the Company is still seeking to improve through its succession planning processes. The Company appoints its directors based on Group policies and with reference to an individual's seniority and experience. Directors are selected in a way to provide a broad representation of each of the Company's business units and functions in the UK. Succession planning for directors of the Company is driven by each business unit as well as by the Company's general human resources policies. Director effectiveness· is measured annually by way of the Group's performance and development review process.

Highlight [page 14]: Principle 2 - Board composition (continued) Directors of the Company are provided regularly with training and updates on UK company law and corporate governance standards. The Company's company secretaries are available at any time to provide advice and guidance to directors in the discharging of their duties. Collectively, directors have responsibility for ensuring the promotion of a positive culture based on the four key values set out above. Principle 3 - Director responsibilities Each of the Company's directors recognises and understands their responsibilities in relation to their directorship. The diverse nature of the Board's composition (in relation to skills and experience) means that each director is expected to be accountable for businesses and functions within their control. Each director is expected to be involved in decisions which involve their area of responsibility and experience. For example, directors with a financial background are expected to be involved and advise on decisions of a financial nature (such as the payment of a dividend). The Company's company secretaries regularly review and discuss the Company's governance processes to understand how these can be improved to further strengthen the corporate governance standards of the Company (in line with, and where possible, beyond UK legislative requirements). The Company acknowledges its role in contributing to global sustainability, with specific reference as to how sustainability can be incorporated into projects we deliver. The Company's governance processes are designed with this in mind (among other metrics, such as the Company's purpose, values, and vision). With reference to the fact that the Company is a large subsidiary within a wider Group, each of the directors consider their responsibility towards the Company in the first instance so as to preserve long-term growth and success for shareholders (and other stakeholders more widely). Accordingly, each director of the Company considers intra-Group transactions and interactions with the same rigour as they would for external parties (such as customers and suppliers). The Board regularly draws on the expertise of varying corporate functions within the Group, such as the legal, tax, treasury, and finance functions to ensure that interactions with other parties (including fellow Group companies) are conducted in such a way that directors can appropriately discharge their responsibilities. In discharging their responsibilities, directors of the Company consider and obtain a wide range of information (much of which is considered in more detail throughout these Financial Statements, including the Strategic Report and Notes to the Financial Statements). This information is prepared and measured against a wide range of metrics, such as legislative requirements, best practice, key performance indicators, feedback from stakeholders, and other financial reporting metrics. For material discussions at Board meetings, board papers are prepared setting out details of the matters to be discussed as well as providing the Board and directors with sufficient information to discharge their responsibilities. The Company manages a self-certification process which provides the directors with the comfort that governance and financial processes are being carried out appropriately across the Company. Any exemptions to such certifications are investigated thoroughly and, where appropriate, changes implemented. Further details as to director responsibilities and how directors are held accountable to these responsibilities are set out in other sections of this Directors' Report. Principle 4 - Opportunity and risk The Company has a rigorous process for identifying opportunities to pursue including the assessment and review of any opportunities identified to or made available by the Company. Any assessment of opportunities undertaken by the Company is conducted in a manner consistent with the Company's purpose, vision, and values. Following the identification and acceptance of any opportunities, the Company applies a rigorous stage gate review and governance process in order to manage and mitigate risk. This process commences upon the initial identification of an opportunity and continues throughout the execution of the project until the very final stage, when risks no longer apply. During the governance and risk review process, all opportunities or projects are reviewed regularly, including by independent (to the project or business unit) peer reviewers who provided detailed and rigorous challenge. Various metrics, as described above in the Director Responsibilities section to this Corporate Governance statement are also applied to project opportunities. The Group as a whole, has a range of systems and processes available to it to review project opportunities and provide independent and random challenge. This includes an internal audit team who will select projects and opportunities at random and conduct thorough reviews to ensure all risk and governance processes are being followed.

Highlight [page 15]: Principle 4 - Opportunity and risk (continued) Where new risks are identified that may apply to the Company as a whole, rather than specific projects, working groups are established to review and understand the risk to the Company and its operations. Further details regarding the Company's risks and how these have been considered are available in the Strategic Report contained within these Financial Statements. Principle 5 - Remuneration In general, the remuneration of directors of the Company is not determined at Board level and is instead determined in line with the Group's remuneration policies. The Group has a remuneration committee which considers and agrees the remuneration of senior managers and Board members of the Group as a whole (which encompasses certain members of the Company's board). Where appropriate, the Group retains an independent, external advisor to provide advice with regard to remuneration and associated benefits. Directors are rewarded in line with the Group's remuneration and reward policies, which cover both base salary remuneration as well as other benefits and rewards, where appropriate. Reward guidelines focus on the Company's values, including integrity and safety. The Group reports annually on remuneration of senior members of the Executive Committee (including the Group's CEO) and how this compares with other members of the Group's peer group and general workforce. The Company reports annually on its gender pay gap and further details regarding this can be found in the Employee Engagement statement section of this Directors' Report. Principle 6 - Stakeholder relationships and engagement The Company acknowledges the importance of maintaining relationships with all stakeholders and engaging with them in order to understand matters of importance and relevance to them. All engagement is undertaken with specific reference to the Company's purpose, value, and vision and these items form a basis of identification of stakeholders as well as engagement that takes place with them. All stakeholders are provided with opportunities and access to directors of the Company and senior management regularly. This allows for the facilitation of frequent and thorough feedback and engagement. The Board considers all stakeholders regularly when taking decisions and assigning actions accordingly. For example, the Company's pension fund is considered as one of the key stakeholders of the Company and is considered in most decisions, and particularly those which may have a financial impact upon the Company (such as the payment of dividends). Members of the Company's Board regularly meet with the Company's pension fund and its trustees in order to understand their views and provide support from the Company's perspective. Further details regarding the Company's stakeholders and how they identify and engage with them can be found in the Strategic Report, section 172 statement, and other sections of this Directors' Report, all contained within these Financial Statements.