

Highlight [page 10]: Corporate Governance The Group applies the following compliance and risk framework (CRF): COmpllance & Risk Framewotl< (CRFI -1----1----1 Wates Principles & EMR Values 2 Risk Assessment & Insurance . 3 Code of Conduct Cornerstone of Ausurus/EMR's c:oms,lL1nce Risk Framework Avallabte In Engllsh on EMR's website Spanish, German and Dutch venlons of the COde are available. 4 4 Group Internal procedures . Group Authortsatlon proc:edute and systems that represent the lnternnl n4es of Ausurus/EMR EMRStandard Investment Proposal s Specific compliance polides Ausunu/ EMRGroup Compliance &Risk Framework (CRF) . . . . Heahh & safety PoUcy Emvonmental Pcllcy Quality Polley Modem davery aa tnfotmatlon security TDXSttategy EquaMtv & d/ver,lty po(Jcy IT s...ulnablUty- Decade ol action . . . . COuntetp.artydue diligence proudure/ Sanctl°"' . . . Antl•Trust Antl<om,pdon/-bribery Anti-money laundering 6 Communication & Training -----j 7 Internal & External Audit ~ 8 Speak up hotline -9 Others . . . tntemal controls Main Certifications; ISO 9001, ISO 14001, ISO 27001 and OSKA General data protection regulations Code of conduct for suppllets The Group has developed a Compliance & Risk Framework (CRF) consisting of several building blocks. Strengthening and improving the CRF is an ongoing continuous improvement process. New developments, risks and experiences are taken into account in further optimising this framework. The Company has adopted the Wates Princigles as a clear and progressive structure for the governance of private companies. As a family business, we strive to blend the best of PLC standards with the strong colleague-centric culture and long-term outlook of the private family approach. After a detailed review of both the Wates Principles and EMR's existing Governance model, the Board believes that EMR is diligent In seeking to apply the Wates Principles and is committed to continuous improvement in this regard.

Highlight [page 11]: Board A balanced Board promotes effective decision-making and supports the delivery of a company's strategy. In composing the Board, our focus is on finding people with a variety of relevant complementary competencies, skills and experiences who share the strong values of the Group. In 2021 two additional independent non-executive Board members have been formally appointed to the Board. We believe that our Board collectively demonstrates a high-level of understanding relevant to the company's business needs and stakeholder interests. When appointing future Board members, a key consideration will be to promote diversity in the Board. An effective board has an appropriate combination of skills, backgrounds, experience and knowledge that promotes accountability and incorporates objective thought, which in turn provides constructive challenge to achieve effective decision-making. The Board of Directors has appointed a Remuneration Committee (RC) and an Audit Committee (AC) in order to deal with specific tasks, to advise and make recommendations to the Board of Directors. Members of the Board of Directors I. Chris Sheppard, Executive Director, Group Chief Executive Officer (Member RC) 2. Edwin Leijnse, Executive Director, Group Chief Financial Officer/Chief Operating Officer (Member AC) 3. Robin Sheppard 4. Edward Pysden, Non-Executive Director (Member RC) 5. David Landless, Non-executive Director (Member RC & AC) 6. Patrick Kennedy, Advisory Board member in 2020, Non-executive Director since September 2021 7. Stephen Withnell, Advisory Board member in 2020, Non-executive Director since September 2021 8. Chris Tinsley, Company Secretary since 20 I 0 Board and Committee Meetings Attendance Meetings in 2021 Number of meetings Attending board members Board 5 7/7 Remuneration Committee 3 3/3 Audit Committee 2 2/2