
Highlight [page 13]: Corporate governance disclosure Effective corporate governance is a key requirement for the Company. For the year ended 31 December 2021, under The Companies (Miscellaneous Reporting) Regulations 2018, the Company has applied the Wates Corporate Governance Principles for Large Private Companies (the "Wates Principles") as its framework for disclosure regarding its corporate governance arrangements. Principle 1 - Purpose and leadership AGL's purpose is to provide the Group airlines with a pioneering centre of excellence for loyalty through realising the full potential of loyalty for customers and the Group. This is supported by the Company's business plan, which is refreshed and reviewed annually by the Board. The IAG Group Code of Conduct outlines the key behaviours expected of all employees and provides guidance on how to identify and report concerns. The Code outlines the IAG commitment to placing integrity at the core of all business activities and applies to all employees and Directors of AGL and the other operating companies within IAG. During the year, the Board and Management Committee have been focused on modernising the infrastructure to enable acceleration of the business plan. This included the investment in customer propositions and technology development to ensure the loyalty asset was ready for the lifting of global travel restrictions. Further detail on the activity during the year is included in the Business review section on pages 3 to 4 of the strategic report. Principle 2 - Board composition In 2021, the Board comprised of two Executive Directors (the CEO and the CFO) and seven Non-Executive Directors. Six of the Non-Executive Directors have other executive roles within JAG and one is external to IAG. The roles of Chairman and CEO were combined and it is considered that the one appointed external Non-Executive Directors provides appropriate challenge and scrutiny to the Board's decision making process. Significant financial decisions must be approved by the IAG Management Committee and the IAG Board. In accordance with the Articles of Association, the CEO is appointed by the shareholders. The Board comprises three female Directors and six male Directors, and there is a diverse range of experience and skills to enable the Board to effectively fulfil its responsibilities. In accordance with the obligations for appointments and succession set out in the Articles of Association, the majority of members of the Board are United Kingdom nationals. The Directors have equal voting rights. The Board is collectively responsible for the management and effective oversight of the Company's business. The Chairman leads the Board and is responsible for ensuring the overall effectiveness of the Board and to ensure that Directors have access to information in order to inform Board decision making. In order to inform the Board of the operations and performance of the business, the Board has access to members of senior management who regularly attend Board meetings. Principle 3 - Director responsibilities Whilst the Board maintains effective oversight of the Company's business and has ultimate responsibility for major policy and financial expenditure issues, some key decisions are made by members of the Board, committees and senior management with the appropriate knowledge and experience. Company policies on governance, decision making and delegation ensure that every decision is taken with the right safeguards in place and is underpinned by appropriate considerations and processes. At the JAG level, further oversight and direction is provided by the JAG Board, IAG Management Committee and the IAG Audit and Compliance Committee. JAG carries out detailed risk management reviews under the IAG risk management framework.

Highlight [page 14]: The Board delegates authority for day-to-day management of the Company to the Leadership Team which meets weekly and is chaired by the CEO and whose membership includes the CFO and leaders of each business area. The Leadership Team is responsible for considering and recommending to the Board the AGL's business plans, financial plans, strategic matters, major projects and programmes (including acquisitions, disposals, joint ventures), other capital investment or divestment decisions and other significant matters affecting the Company. The Board retains responsibility for reviewing the recommendations of the Leadership Team ,md exercises an oversight role, constructively challenging recommendations and the decisions. Where financial approval is also required, this must also be obtained via the capital investment approval process. During 2021, there were 9 meetings, which were well attended. The Board receives regular and timely information on all key aspects of the business, including business risks and opportunities, the financial performance of the business, strategy, operational matters, employee safety and market conditi_ons, supported by Key Performance Indicators. Key financial information is collated from the Company's accounting systems and the finance function is appropriately . qualified to ensure the integrity of this information. Financial controls are reviewed by the IAG internal audit function. The IAG framework dictates how conflicts of interest should be identified and managed by the Company, with the conflicts register being reviewed regularly and interests authorised at each meeting of the Board in required. Principle 4 - Opportunity and risk Opportunities Long term strategic opportunities are identified through the business planning process which includes input from all areas of the business. The three-year financial plan is presented to the Board for approval each year. Internal control framework IAG complies· with the Spanish corporate governance requirement regarding reporting on internal controls. The Company has an internal control framework to ensure it maintains a strong and effective internal control environment. This is independently assessed by the IAG internal audit function on an annual basis with results reported to the AGL Board and the IAG Audit and Compliance Committee. The Board is responsible for ensuring findings are remediated and the effectiveness of the framework was regularly reviewed by the Leadership Team during the year. Business controls are reviewed on an ongoing basis by the IAG internal audit function through a programme based on risk assessment. Professionally qualified personnel manage the department with experience gained from both inside and outside the industry. A risk-based audit plan, which provides assurance over key business processes and commercial and financial risks facing the Company, is approved by the IAG Audit and Compliance Committee half-yearly .. The Board considers significant control matters raised by management and both the internal and external auditors. Where weaknesses are identified, the AGL Board ensures that management takes appropriate action. Risk management IAG has an Enterprise Risk Management policy which sets out a framework for a comprehensive risk management process and methodology, ·ensuring a robust assessment of the risks, including emerging risks. AGL manages its risks within the IAG framework, supported by"risk management professionals in IAG. Risk owners are responsible for identifying risks in their area of responsibility. All risks are assessed for likelihood and impact against the Company business plan and strategy and are plotted on a risk heatmap. Key controls and mitigations are documented including appropriate response plans .. • Every risk has appropriate Leadership Team oversight. Internal control and risk management systems

Highlight [page 15]: financial statements are in place. There were no changes in risk management and internal control systems over financial reporting that have occurred during the year that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, the Company's financial reporting. The risk heatmap is reviewed twice yearly by the Leadership Team and the IAG Head of Enterprise Risk Management to ensure that risks are appropriately evaluated and any further actions identified. This is then reported to the AGL Board to assist in the management of risk. This comprehensive risk management process and methodology has been in place throughout the reporting period to which these statements apply and up to their date of approval. The principal risks and uncertainties that are reviewed by the Board are detailed further on pages 4 to 6 of the strategic report. Principle 5 - Remuneration Remuneration is aligned to individual performance and behaviours, as well as achievement of AGL's purpose, value and strategies and is set at a market competitive level to ensure that AGL can attract and retain quality senior management. • Principle 6 - Stakeholder relationships and engagement Information relating to the Board's engagement with· key stakeholders is set out in the Section 172 statement on pages 7 to 9. The Company has an independent whistleblowing hotline through which stakeholders are encouraged to report any concerns for investigation by senior management