
Highlight [page 12]: Corporate Governance Report For the year ended 31 December 2021, under The Companies (Miscellaneous Reporting) Regulations 2018, the Company has applied the Wates Corporate Governance Principles for Large Private Companies (published by the Financial Reporting Council (FRC) in December 2018 and available on the FRC website). The Company has adopted the Wates Principles as an appropriate framework in which to disclose its corporate governance arrangements. Principle I - Purpose and Leadership The principal activity of the Company is the prov1s1on of services to other companies in the AXA Health structure. The Company is a wholly-owned subsidiary within the AXA Group, a worldwide leader in insurance and asset management. As one of the largest global insurers, AXA's purpose is to "act for human progress by protecting what matters". The Company is aligned to AXA's core values of Customer First (all our thinking starts with the customer), Integrity (we are guided by strong moral principles), Courage (we speak our mind and act to make things happen), and One AXA (being together and being different makes us better). AXA 's values are underpinned by commitments to help influence the way decisions are made and how business is conducted. They guide how the Company serves its customers, interacts with suppliers, makes decisions and recruits, promotes and manages employees. The values and commitments drive the behaviours at AXA, defining and shaping the One AXA culture. The directors consider AXA 's purpose and values ·appropriate to the Company and apply them to the business where relevant. Despite a significant level of continuing uncertainty triggered by the Covid-19 pandemic and its consequences within society, government and the economy, AXA has demonstrated both high agility and strong resilience during the year with a stable financial outlook for 2022 and beyond. The Company and the wider AXA Health group strive to be responsible employers, placing employee engagement at the heart of the AXA Health business. Achieving this means creating a workplace built on AXA's values that fosters diversity and equal opportunities for all, promotes employee participation, encourages professional development, and supports employee well-being. The Company has access to four Employee Networks providing an opportunity for employee-communities to promote positive cultural change within the business and the Company participates in and facilitates these. The Company and the wider AXA Health group recognise the importance of workforce unions and engage with them regularly to maintain positive working relationships. Feedback is sought through quarterly Pulse surveys, where staff can provide their views on how the business is performing against its strategic objectives and key values. Diversity and inclusion are key to creating a culture of trust and respect. The AXA UK Group has a Diversity & Inclusion Board, which meets quarterly and is sponsored by Tracy Garrad, CEO AXA Health and a member of the AXA UK & Ireland Management Committee. There are regular online diversity and inclusion live exchanges and a number of focus groups have been conducted with employees on ethnicity, gender and disability, providing opportunities for employees to ask questions to senior leaders. The Company and the wider AXA Health group strive to build trusted relationships with customers and to always treat them fairly, providing commitment to our customers that the business delivers against its purpose. Principle 2 - Board Composition The Board of the Company comprises the AXA Health Chief Executive and three Executive Directors from the AXA Health Executive team. The directors consider the size and composition of the Board to be proportionate to the scale and complexity of the business. All directors have equal voting rights.

Highlight [page 13]: The Company's directors continue to keep their knowledge, skills and familiarity with the business current and up to date by engaging with senior management, attending appropriate external seminars, and internal and external training courses. All new directors undergo individually tailored induction (depending on their current skillset, experience and knowledge). This is also designed to ensure that the collective Board has the correct tools to address and balance stakeholders' interests with the company's business needs. The Company Secretary is the first point of contact for directors seeking advice and services. Directors can also take professional advice at the Company's expense. AXA UK values diversity and inclusion and continues to create and develop an inclusive culture. We are committed to ensuring equality of opportunities, with the aim of promoting diversity throughout the Company including at the most senior levels, with a diversity and inclusion agenda that goes beyond the protected characteristics of the Equality Act 20 I 0. Recruitment processes (including those for directors) follow the diversity and equal opportunities policy. Principle 3 - Director Responsibilities Accountability The Board delegates certain decision-making powers to Committees and individuals. This allows those with appropriate knowledge and industry experience to make effective decisions whilst Board oversight is maintained. The Board has adopted a Corporate Authorities document which clearly sets out the Board's terms of reference, matters that are reserved to the Board, signing authorities and delegation to Committees and individuals. This is reviewed at least annually (and whenever there is a significant change) and is considered and re-approved as necessary by the Board each year. Each Director has a clear understanding of their accountability and responsibilities. The Company Secretary maintains a Register of Director's Interests, which is updated when a change occurs. All directors complete a conflicts of interest questionnaire annually and are regularly reminded of their statutory duties and personal obligations to avoid conflicts. Directors are regularly reminded to disclose any additional interests of which the Board should be aware. Committees . The Board delegates certain of its duties to AXA UK Group Committees (Audit, Risk, Remuneration & Nomination), which operate under clearly defined terms of reference. Board Committees are chaired by Non-Executive Directors and the membership of the Audit and Risk Committees are comprised solely of independent Non-Executive Directors. This allows the Non-Executives to constructively challenge the executives. The Independent Non-Executive Directors are wholly independent in that they have no material business or relationships with the Company that might influence their independence or judgement. Although the . Board delegates a range of tasks, the Board itself retains ultimate responsibility for the affairs and management of the Company. Integrity of information The Board receives reports from management at its meetings. It reviews the information provided and provides appropriate enhancements and challenge. Key financial information is collated from AXA UK's various accounting systems. AXA UK's finance function is appropriately qualified to ensure the integrity of this information and is provided with the necessary training to keep up to date with regulatory changes. Financial information is currently externally audited by Mazars LLP on an annual basis, and financial controls are reviewed by the AXA UK internal audit function. • The Audit Committee is aware of, and comfortable with, the scope of work planned by the internal auditors. The Committee receives a summary of the proposed audit plan, highlighting the budget / resource available, the rationale for the plan, and any limitations in its scope. Once agreed by the Committee any significant changes proposed to the plan are notified to the Committee by the Head of Internal Audit.

Highlight [page 14]: Principle 4 - Opportunity and Risk The Board is responsible for strategic decision-making and risk management and has delegated authority to the AXA UK Combined Boards Risk Committee to assist in its oversight of risk. The AXA UK Combined Boards Risk Committee adopts a forward-looking approach, anticipating changes in business conditions as well as reviewing the risk profile of the operating entities and the AXA UK Group as a whole. It also considers the effectiveness of its risk management framework, use of the capital model and relevant regulatory requirements. The AXA UK Combined Boards Risk Committee, which meets at least quarterly, is comprised of Independent Non-Executive Directors, and ensures that inherent and emerging risks are identified and managed appropriately and in a timely manner. The directors of the Company have considered the terms of reference and the membership of the AXA UK Group Risk Committee and concluded that it is an appropriate body to consider the Company's risks. The Board monitors and implements the Committee's decisions where appropriate. Opportunity The Company's success is closely connected to the success of AXA PPP healthcare limited and the wider AXA Health group. Its activities are aligned to the AXA Health strategy, which is considered and agreed by the AXA PPP healthcare limited Board annually. The Company's key operational risks and mitigations are outlined in the Strategic Report. The Chief Risk Officer reports key risk matters directly to the AXA UK Combined Boards Risk Committee, which establishes the risk control framework by validating both risk policy and risk strategy. AXA UK has an Enterprise Risk Management Framework for effective management of risks across its business, applying to all entities including AXA Health. Risk strategy and culture is articulated through risk appetites, policies and processes, and operated through the governance and day to day decision making. Responsibilities AXA Group has developed a formal set of standards (the "AXA Group Standards") in order to promote a consistent approach to governance, supported by an effective risk management framework. The Company complies with all relevant AXA Group Standards, including those relating to internal control, risk management and solvency management. AXA UK (and in turn, the Company) has a comprehensive system of internal controls designed to ensure that executives are inforn1ed of significant risks on a timely and continuing basis, and have the necessary information and tools to appropriately analyse and manage these risks. The Company's systems and controls are designed to provide reasonable reassurance to the Board and senior management regarding the achievement of objectives, ensuring effectiveness and efficiency of operations, reliable financial and non-financial reporting, and compliance with laws, regulations and policies. Principle 5 - Remuneration The Board delegates authority to the AXA UK Remuneration & Nomination Committee to assist it with c~rtain remuneration matters. The Committee has clearly defined terms of reference and is responsible for making recommendations to the Board in accordance with the AXA Group Remuneration Policy and as required by regulation. As at 31 December 2021, the Committee was comprised of the Chairman of AXA UK, six Independent Non-Executive Directors and a Non-Executive Director from within the AXA Group. In October 2021, the AXA UK pie Board decided to split the AXA UK Remuneration & Nomination Committee into separate forums. The separation of the Remuneration and Nomination Committees will become effective in 2022, subject to and with effect from regulatory approval for the required Senior Management Function holders (Non-Executive Chairs). •

Highlight [page 15]: -The AXA Group Remuneration Policy sets out the remuneration principles applicable to all AXA Group companies and their employees. It is designed to support the Group's long-term business strategy and to align the interests of its employees and other stakeholders by: (i) establishing a clear link between performance and remuneration over the short-, medium- and long-term; (ii) ensuring that the AXA Group can offer competitive compensation arrangements across the multiple markets in which it operates while avoiding potential conflicts of interest that may lead to undue risk taking for short-term gain; and, (iii) c;:nsuringcompliance with Solvency II regulations and any other applicable regulatory requirements. Pay is aligned with performance and takes into account fair pay and conditions across the AXA UK Group's workforce. Executive remuneration is reviewed annually and in the event of significant change in the structure and size of the Company's operations, with reference to market data and trends. AXA UK has formally adopted the Willis Towers Watson methodology for job grading for all levels (executive and other employees), an approach that aligns with AXA Group. A full benchmarking review will next take place in 2021 ahead of the 2022 annual remuneration review process. The AXA UK Group is an equal opportunities ~mployer and promotes an environment of diverse cultures, ideas, people and perspectives. It continued to report on Gender Pay and has signed the Women in Finance Charter (WIFC). Principle 6 - Stakeholders The Board understands that good governance and effective communication are critical factors to ensure the Company's brand, reputation and relationships with all stakeholders, including shareholders, customers, employees, suppliers and the local communities are effective and supportive of the way in which the Company wants to work. The Board participates in all relevant AXA UK Group engagement initiatives, delegating responsibility to group staff and Committees as appropriate. Stakeholder engagement is a key part of AXA's overall strategy and its approach to sustainability. Engagement improves AXA 's understanding of its operating environment and helps the business to take better business decisions. Accountability and transparency are key with all external stakeholders and with representatives of government and other opinion leaders, whilst maintaining an open and visible presence in the media. The Company's fundamental purpose of acting for human progress to protect what matters is demonstrated and supported in active engagement across industry bodies and our stakeholder community. For further details, please refer to the Section statements.