
Highlight [page 12]: For the year ended 31 December 2021, under The Companies (Miscellaneous Reporting) Regulations 2018, the Company has applied the Wates Corporate Governance Principles for Large Private Companies (published by the Financial Reporting Council (FRC) in December 2018 and available on the FRC website). The Company has adopted the Wates Principles as an appropriate frame~ork in which to disclose its corporate governance. arrangements. Principle i - Purpose and leadership The Company's principal activities are described in the Strategic Report. The Company is a wholly-owned subsidiary within the AXA Group, a worldwide leader in insurance and asset management. As one of the largest global insurers, AX.A's purpose is to "act for human progress by protecting . what matters". The Company is aligned to AXA's core values of Customer First (~II our thinking starts with the customer), Integrity (we are guided by strong moral principles), Courage (we· speak our mind and act to make • things happen), and One AXA (being together and.being different makes us better). AXA's va\ues are underpinned by co111mitmentsto help influence the way decisions are made and how business is conducted. They guide how the Company serves its customers, interacts with suppliers, makes decisions and -recruits, promotes and manages employees. The values and commitments drive the behaviours at AXA, defining and shaping the One AXA culture. The directors consider AXA's purpose ·and values appropriate to the Company and apply them to the business where relevant. • Despite a significant level _ofcontinuing uncertainty triggered by the Covid-19 pandemic and its consequences within society, government" and the economy. AXA has demonstrated both high agility and strong resilience during the year with a stable financial outlook for 2022 and beyond. • • The Company, AXA UK and AXA Insurance strive to be responsible employers,' placing employee engagement at the heart of their business: Achieving this means creating a workplace built on AX.A's values that fosters di~ersity and equal" opportunities for all, 'promotes • employee participation, encourages professional development, and ·supports employee well-being. The Company has access to four Employee Networks providing an opportunity for employee-communities to promote 'positive.cultural change within the business and the Company participates in and facilitates these. The Company, AXA UK and AXA Insurance recognise the importance of workforce unions and engage with them regularly to maintain positive working relationships. Feedback is sought through quarterly Pulse surveys, where staff can provide their views on how the business is performing against its strategic objectives and key values'. • • Diversity and inclusion are key to creating a culture of trust and respect. The UK Group has a Diversity & Inclusion Board, which ·meets quarterly and is sponsored by Tracy Garrad, (CEO AXA Health and a member of the AXA UK & Ireland Management Committee). There are· regular online diversity and inclusion live exchanges and a number of focus groups have been conducted with employees on ethnicity, gender and disability, providing opportunities for employees·to askquestions to senior leaders.• The Company, AXA UK and AXA Insurance strive to build trusted relationships with c:ustomers and to always treat them fairly, providing_comrn1tmentto our customers that the business delivers against its purpose.

Highlight [page 13]: Principle 2 -. Board composition The Board of the Company comprises the AXAUK Chief Executive Officer, AXA UK Chief Financial Officer and two Executive Directors. The Directors consider the size and composition of the Board to be proportionate to the s~ale and complexity of the business. All directors have equa! voting rights. ' ''rhe Company's directors continue to keep their knowledge, skills and familiarity with the business current and up to date by engaging with senior _management, atteriding appropriate external seminars, and internal and external training courses.. All new directors undergo individually tailored induction (depending on their current· skillset, experience and knowledge). This is also designed to ensure that the collective Board has the correct tools to address and balance stakeholders' interests ~ith the company's business need·s. The Company Secretary is the first point of contact for dire~tors seeking· advice and services. Directors can also take professional advice at the Company's expense. • • · AXA UK values diversity and inclusion and .continues to create_and develop an inclusive culture. We are committed to ensuring equality pf opportunities, with the aim of promoting diversity throughout the Company including at the most senior levels, with a diversity and inclusion agenda that goes beyond the protected characteristics of the Equality Act 2010. Recruitment processes (including those for directors) follow the diversity and equal opportunities policy. • • In addition to the introduction of AXA UK's own.Ethnicity Action Plan and .committing to Business in the Community's Race at Work charter, AXA UK (the Company's intermediate parent company) has signed the CBI's Change the Race Ratio, which. aims to incre~se racial and ethnic participation in business. The commitments include increasing racial and· ethnic diversity among Board members and senior leadership, being tra~sparent on targets and action and creating an inclusive culture in which talent from all diversities can thrive. AXA UK has committed to having at least one racially and ethnically diverse board member by the end of 2024 •and is regularly tracking and reporting progress against all three commitments (Change the Race Ratio, our own Ethnicity Action Plan and BITCs Race At Work Charter) to both the AXA UK & Ireland Diversity & Inclusion Board, and the AXA UK & Ireland Management Committee, with updates on key developments reported to the Board on a quarterly basis. • Principle 3.- Director responsibilities Accountability The Board -delegates certain decision-making powers to Committees and individuals. This allows those with appropriate knowledge and industry experience .to make effective de9isions, whilst Board oversight is maintained. The Board has adopted a Corporate Authorities document which clearly sets out the Board's terms of reference, matters that. are reserved to the Board, signing authorities and delegation to Committees . and individuals. This.is riviewed at least annually (and whenever th~re is a significant change) and is considered and re-approved as necessary by the Board each year. Each Director has a clear understanding of their accountability and responsibilities. • • The Company Secretary maintains a.Register of·Director's Interests, which JSupdated when a change ~ccurs. All. Directors complete a conflicts of interest questionnaire annually and are regularly reminded of their statutory duties and personal obligations to avoid conflicts. ·Directors are regularly reminded to disclose any additional inter(?stsof which the_Board s~ould be aware.

Highlight [page 14]: Committees The Board delegates certain of its duties to AXA UK Group Committees (Audit, Risk, Remurieration & •Nomination), which operate under clearly defined terms of reference. Board Committees are chaired ·by Non-Executive Directors and· the membership of the Audit .and Risk Committees are comprised solely of independent Non-Executive Directors .. This _allows the Non-Executives to constructively challen.ge the executives. The Independent -Non-Executive Directors are wholly independent in that they have no material business or relationships with the. Company that might influence their independence or judgement. Although t4e Board delegates a range of tasks, the Board itself retains ultimate responsibility for the affairs and management . of the Company. Integrity of information ' appropriate enhancements and challenge. Key financial" information is collated from AXA UK's various accounting systems. AXA UK's finance function·. is appropriately qualified to ensure the integrity of this information and is provided with the necessary training to keep up to date with regulatory changes. Firi~ncial information is currently externally audited by Mazars LLP on an annual basis, -~d financial controls are reviewed by the AXA UK internal audit functipn. The Audit Committee is aware of, and comfortable with, the scope of work planned by the. iriternal auditors. The Committee receives a summary of the proposed audit plan for the AXA UK Group, highlighting the. budget / resource _available,the rationale for the pla:n,and any limitations in ·hs scope. Once agr~ed by the Committee any significant changes proposed to the plan are notified to the ·committee by the Head of.Internal Audit. • • Principle 4 - Opportunity and Risk The Board is responsible for strategic decision-making and risk ~anagement and has delegat~d ~uthority to the AXA UK Combined Boards Risk Committee to assist in its oversight of risk. • The AXA UK Combined Boards Risk Committee, ·which·meets at least quarterly, is comprised of Independent Non-Executive Directors, and ensures that inherent and emerging_risks are identified and managed appropriately and in a timely manner. The AXA UK Combined Boards Risk Committee adopts a forward-lo.oking approach, anticipating changes in business conditions as well as reviewing the risk profile of the operating entities and the AX.A UK Group as a whole. It also considers the effectiveness of its risk management framework, use of the • capital model and relt:'vantregulatory requirements. Working Groups are _formedto discuss specific risks where needed; for example, the Regulatory ·and Strategic Climate Change Working Groups make recommendations in re_lation to· AXA UK's approach to the management cif climate risk, to ensure regulatory compliance and to shape a strategic response. The working groups meet monthly and quarterly updates are provided to both the AXA UK Risk Management Committee and the AXA UK Combined Boards Risk Committee and, where appropriate,to the AXA UK Combined Board. Opportunity The Company's success is closely connected to the success of AXA UK and AX.A Insurance. Its activities are aligned to the AXA Insurance strategy, which is considered and agreed by the AXA Insurance Board annually. The Company's key operational risks and mitigations are outli11edin the Company's Strategic Report. • The Chief Risk Officer ens~res that material risks facing AXA UK have been identified and appropriate arrangements _are in place to manage and mitigate those risks effectively. AXA UK has an Enterprise Risk Management Framewor~ for effective management of risks.across its business;applying to all entities including AXA Insurance. Risk strategy and culture is articulated through risk appetites, policies and processes, and operated through the governance and day to day decision making.

Highlight [page 15]: Responsibi~ities AXA Group has· developed a formal set of standards (the "AXA Group Standards") in order to promote a consistent approach to. governance, supported by an effective risk management framework. The Company has •adopted and complies with all relevant AXA Group ;Standards, including those relating to. internal control' and risk management.. • AXA UK (and in tum, the Company) has a comprehensive system of internal controls designed to ensure that . executives are in.formed •of significant ri_sks.on a timely and continuing basis, and ,have the necessary information a?d tools to appropriately analyse and manage these risks. The c;ompany's systems and controls a~e designed to provide.reasonable reassurance to the Board and senior management regarding the achievement of objectives, ensuring effectivem:ss and efficiency of operations, reliable financial and non-financial repo.rting, and compliance with laws, regulations and policies. Principle 5 - Remuneration In 2021, the Board approved the separation of the AXA UK Remuner~tion & Nomination Committe~ into two .forums, both with separate Non-Executive Chairs. The Board now delegates ~uthority to· the, AXA UK Remuneration Committee to assist it with remuneration matters. The Remun·eration Committee has clearly defined terms of reference and is responsible for making recommendations to the Board in accordance with the AXA Group Remuneration Policy and as required by regulati.on. The Committee is comprised AXA UK Non-Executive Directors (all independent) and a Non-Executive Director from within the AXA Group. The AXA Group Remuneration Policy sets out the remuneration principles applicable to all AXA Group companies and their employees. It is designed to support the Group's long-term business strategy and-to align· the interests of its employees and other stakeholders by: (i) establishing a clear link between performance and remuneration over the short-, medium- and long-term; (ii) ensuring that the AXA Group can offer competitive compensation_arrangements· across the multiple markets in which it operates while avoiding potential conflicts of interest that may lead to undue risk taking for shprt-term gain; and, (iii) ensuring compliance with Solvency.II •re·gulations and any other applicable regulatory requirements. Pay is aligned with performance and takes into accou~t fair pay and conditions across the AXA UK Group's workforce. Executive remuneratipn is reviewed· annually and in the event of significant change in the structure ·and size of the Company's operations, with reference to market data and trends. AXA UK has. formally adopted the Willis Towers Watson methodology for job grading for al1' levels (executive and other employees), an approach that aligns with AXA Group. Willis Towers Watson provided a market benchmark analysis to inform the 2022 annual remuneration revi_ewprocess'. • The AXA UK Group is an equal opportunities employer and promotes an environment of diverse cultures, ideas, people and perspective_s.It continues to report on .Gender Pay and has signed the Women in Finance. Charter (WIFC).

Highlight [page 16]: Principle 6 - Stakeholders The Board understands that good governance· and effective communication are criticar factors to ensure our brand, rep~tation and relationships with all stakeholders, including shareholders, customers, employees, . • suppliers and the local communities are effective and supportive· of the way in which the Company wants to .work. The Board participates in all relevant AXA UK Group engagement initiatives, delegating responsibility tq . group staff and Committees as ·appropriate." • • Stakeholder,engagement is' a key part of AX.A's overall strategy and its approach to sustainability. Engageme~t improves 'AXA's understanding of its operating environment and helps the business to take better business decisions. Accountability and transparency are key with all external stakeholders and with representatives of government and other opinion leaders, _whilst maintaining ari. open and visible presence in. the media. The • Company's fundamental purpose of a'cting for human progress to protect what matters is demonstrated arid s~pported in active engagement across industry bodies and our stakeholder community. The Company's key st*eholders 3~5).