
Highlight [page 7]: Statement of Corporate Governance For the year ended 30 June 2021, the company applied the Wates Corporate Governance Principles for Large Private Companies which can be found at www wates.co.uk/who-we-are/corporate-governance. As noted above, the company is a member of the Azets group. Prior to June 2017, the company operated solely as a holding company but from July 2017, the company started to make acquisitions directly and trade In its own right, albeit a significant amount of trade was still conducted through its subsidiaries. On 1 July 2019, the trade and assets of the majority of the subsidiaries were hived up into the company and the company has been the main trading vehicle for the group in the UK since that time. Historically, the company had been wholly subject to the governance framework of the group, but as the volume of trade being conducted through the company has increased so has the level of governance required at the company level. The directors continue to take steps to establish an appropriate governance structure for the company that is complementary with that of the group. However, as would be expected for a wholly-owned company, once the appropriate governance has been established and embedded at company level, certain aspects of governance will continue to be subject to group arrangements. Set out below is an explanation of how the Wates Principles have been applied during the year ended 30 June 2021 ("'FY21") and any changes that have been implemented subsequent to the year end. Principle 1 - Purpose and leadership Purpose The company is part of Azets, an international accounting, tax, audit, advisory and business services group. Our company purpose is to improve the lives of our colleagues, clients and communities in a sustainable way. The company provides its clients with the support they need to help manage and grow their businesses. The company also places great emphasis on developing and supporting its employees, and the communities they work in, in order to give back and have a positive impact on society beyond our core business deliverables Both the group and the company have grown through multiple acquisitions since the inception of the group in 2016. In March 2020, a group-wide transformation programme was launched. This has continued throughout the year under review and aims to build Azets into a more aligned business; driving value creation with a new leadership team; a transformation program to standardise operational practices across the group; synergise benefits from the acquisitions completed to date and providing the platform for further growth from both organic and M&A activity. Values and Culture The values of the company are aligned with those of the group in being Collaborative, Authentic, Respectful and Dynamic. These values are regularly communicated and reinforced amongst the company's teams. In addition, the company abides by the ICAEW Code of Ethics which guide members' behaviour: Integrity, Objectivity, Professional Competence and Due Care, Confidentiality and Professional behaviour. These values permeate through the way that we undertake our work and work with each other. The company operates policies and procedures designed to support staff in applying those values throughout their career. These include regular updates and webinars along with mandatory training.

Highlight [page 8]: Strategy The company aims to deliver a personalised client service using both traditional client service techniques but also leveraging best in breed technologies, enhancing our client propositions, and increasing our use of data analytics. Our data is a huge asset in providing client insight. Investment in data analytics continues and will generate significant growth opportunities for both existing and new clients. The company's client experience is based on delivering a highly personalised service, through its local office network and its proprietary digital workplace technology, ·'Azets CoZone". A unique cloud-based portal, Azets CoZone continues its development and will offer SMEs a market leading digital solution, providing the Azets client team with instant access to information about the client's business that simplifies workflows, increases operational productivity, and supports a more productive client relationship. The company will be launching a range of sector focussed digital propositions capitalising on the demand for real time advice aimed at making our clients· businesses better. The combination of digital propositions, data driven client insight and the ongoing re-development of the Azets CoZone portal will differentiate us in our markets. Our future client propositions will be a combination of face to face and digital with a roadmap of client portal and app development underway. The company will continue to target acquisitions of quality, complementary businesses with an increased focus on smooth, successful integrations into the transformed Azets landscape. Principle 2 - Board Composition The board of directors of the company (the "Board") comprises four executive directors, the company has not appointed a Chairman or non-executive directors. The group board includes the Chairman. investor directors, non-executive and executive directors. It is envisaged that non-executive oversight will continue to be exercised at group level. The Board is collectively responsible for establishing the framework and procedures to govern their work and to ensure the appropriate discharge of their legal and regulatory obligations associated with the company being a regulated entity. During FY21, there was a restructuring of the business into four regions with a CEO being appointed for each. Whilst the Board retains overall responsibility for the management of the affairs of the company, it has now delegated operational and financial control to the regional CE Os, three of whom are Board directors and each of whom are supported by a regional CFO. Balance and Diversity & Size and Structure The Board comprises four directors, three of whom are male and one female. The current board members have a diverse range of skills, expertise and experience, including experience in the fields of management, accountancy and audit. The directors have equal voting rights when making decisions. Directors have access to the advice and services of the General Counsel of the group and may, if required, take professional advice at the company's expense. As the governance structure of the company develops, it is intended that the duties of the Board will be met partially through committees. There are plans to expand Board membership during FY22 and to consider establishing audit and risk and remuneration committees if appropriate. The company promotes diversity in its approach to hiring new staff and will, along with the group and principal shareholder, apply the same considerations when making appointments to the Board. There is an equal opportunities policy in place. A formal diversity policy is currently being drafted and will be adopted during FY22 Effectiveness Directors keep their skills, knowledge and familiarity with the company up to date by meeting with senior management, and by attending company events and appropriate external seminars and training courses. Induction briefing sessions are provided to new directors which are tailored to their specific experience and knowledge, and which provides access to all parts of the business. Continuous professional development (CPD) is a pre-requisite for accountancy professionals, and this includes training in relation to director responsibilities. The directors are required to act in the interests of the company but will have regard to the interests of the wider group in discharging their responsibilities. As the Board in its current form was only constituted in FY21, a board effectiveness review has not yet been carried out.

Highlight [page 9]: Principle 3 - Directors Responsibilities Accountability The Board has clearly documented terms of reference which were adopted during the year. This is aligned to the group's governance arrangements but has also been designed to meet the company's requirements on a standalone basis. The Board met twice during FY21. Under the newly established arrangements, the Board operates a programme of four scheduled meetings a year, with ad hoc meetings held as and when required. Since the year end, the Board has met three times. The group continues to develop its governance framework which will encompass the company providing policies and delegations of authorities. Committees The group Board operates using various committees, including Audit and Risk and has delegated certain governance responsibilities to those committees which also have oversight of matters for the company. At present, there are no sub committees of the company's Board, but as the governance at company level develops, there may be separate Audit and Risk and Remuneration committees established. Currently, Audit and Risk are dealt with by the Board. The Board and its committees will review terms of reference to ensure that they remain fit for purpose, are adapted to promote good governance and meet the requirements of the company. The members of the Board are encouraged to challenge each other and the business to ensure there is constructive problem solving. Integrity of Information During the year under review, the Board received ad-hoc reports on the business and financial performance. During FY22, the Board will start to receive regular reports on business and financial peliormance, key risks and opportunities, strategy, operational matters, market conditions, human resources, legal, compliance, and regulatory matters. Key financial information is collated by the company's centralised finance function from its various accounting systems. The group's finance function has the appropriate independence, expertise and qualifications to ensure the integrity of this information and is provided with the necessary training to keep up to date with regulatory changes. Financial information is externally audited by Ernst & Young LLP on an annual basis, who report their findings to the Board at the conclusion of the group audit and to the group via attendance at its Audit and Risk Committee. Other key information is prepared by the relevant business and internal functions, which are subject to periodic reviews by the internal audit function. Ernst & Young LLP also attend the Board meeting of the company at which the financial statements of the company are approved The group's Audit and Risk Committee which is a subcommittee of the group's Board is responsible monitoring the effectiveness of internal financial control systems that identify, assess, manage and monitor financial risks, and the effectiveness of other operational and regulatory controls within the group, this includes oversight of the company. Reporting to the group's Audit and Risk Committee is designed to separately identify issues related to the company versus issues related to other areas in the group, with issues related to the company being followed up with the company's Board for resolution. The Group Chief H.isk and Compliance Officer and members of the group's Internal Audit function are attendees at each group Audit and Risk Committee meeting and have unfettered access to meet with the Committee Chairman outside of the formal meeting programme, throughout the year.

Highlight [page 10]: Principle 4 - Opportunity and Risk Opportunity Starting in FY22, the Board will discuss its strategic plan with group management on a regular basis. Short term opportunities to improve business performance and achieve operational efficiencies are considered with group management on a monthly basis. Longer term growth will be considered within the strategy. An Innovation group was established by the group during the year, this considers new ideas for sources of value to the group, including the company. Oversight of innovation opportunities will be fed to the group Delivery Committee and ultimately approved by the group Board, where appropriate. Risk The group's Audit and Risk Committee currently provides oversight to the company's approach to risk. The group's risk register is updated on a regular basis for review by the Committee; this includes commentary on emerging risks. The Audit and Risk Committee of the company will, if established, assist the Board in fulfilling its responsibility for determining the company's risk appetite and for ensuring that sound risk management and internal control systems are maintained. Each meeting of the company's Board held during the year was attended by the Group Chief Risk and Compliance Officer or their delegate and the Chief Executive Officer for each of the regions. The Group Chief Risk and Compliance Officer reports on an aggregate basis to the group Audit and Risk Committee and reports back to the company's Board at their regular meetings. The risk management systems are being formalised to use one system to review, manage and mitigate risks across the group. Principle 5 - Remuneration The company has a detailed remuneration approach drafted for approval. The principles in relation to remuneration are laid out by the group, but the Board will be accountable for the decisions taken in relation to the company and its staff. The remuneration principles allow each region to determine the remuneration for their region, with oversight provided by the group Remuneration Committee. The company is responsible for ensuring that remuneration is consistent with business strategy, objectives, values and the long-term interests of the company, encourages fair treatment of clients and fair treatment of staff, and include measures to avoid conflicts of interest Appropriate remuneration structures assist the company in securing and retaining high quality staff. Gender pay gap reporting is not yet required but will be in future years. Data is being gathered in readiness for reporting to government timescales Principle 6 - Stakeholder Relationships and Engagement The Board is responsible for managing the business and the strategic success of the company and its subsidiaries. The Board adopts the behavioural standards of the group in relation to all its stakeholders. External impacts The company inevitably impacts the areas in which it works, both economically, bringing work to the region, and environmentally. Within this report is a separate Energy and Carbon report in relation to the environmental impact. FY22 will see the introduction of more stringent ESG (Environmental, Social and Governance) reporting across the Azets. Stakeholders As part of the group, the Board considers the views of its ultimate parent and the interests of the group as part of any major decisions made by the company. There is an ongoing dialogue with the stakeholders, both internally and externally on a range of subjects Clients The company is committed to ensuring that all clients are treated fairly and that any conflicts of interest are highlighted and mitigated.

Highlight [page 11]: Employees The Board recognises that employees have a major part to play in the success of the company and is keen to ensure high levels of employee engagement. Part of the transformation programme has been to consider the path that our staff take during their time with the company, including their professional development, but equally importantly their wellbeing, especially while working from home. People are at the heart of the business, and we want our staff to feel that they are integral to the success of the business and that the business considers them in all that it does. The Board recognises that it is important employees feel nble to raise concerns about conduct or ethical practices in a manner which they feel is safe and secure, a process which is aligned to the ICAEW regulated status of the company. A new policy in this respect is under review and is expected to be issued later in FY22. Any conflicts between staff and clients are managed via an internal self-reporting process ratified by an annual 'fit and proper' process and are also covered for directors as part of the standard board agenda. The Board are keen to ensure high levels of employee engagement. In December 2020, the group launched its "Your Voice" employee survey. This is a series of short surveys with a variety of questions which takes place every eight weeks. Topics include wellbeing, job satisfaction, connection to the company, peer relationships and workload. The surveys are open to employees throughout the group, but the results are filtered and made available to the directors of the company. People managers and senior leaders are actively encouraged to review scores and comments made in the survey, and then make positive changes. Generally we are seeing improvement to employee satisfaction since introducing Your Voice. Engagement with staff, including two way dialogue within the business is fundamental and is helped by requesting feedback from staff following employee engagement surveys. The company also has a weekly newsletter called "Pulse" and a regularly updated intranet to keep staff informed, engaged and up-to-date at all times. This year the company marked Pride Month and International Women's Week for the first time which resultedin really positiveengagementfrom staff in terms of diversityand inclusion. Community The company, as part of the wider group takes its responsibility for environmental and social matters seriously. We have a number of informal working groups set up across the group, looking at Charities, 'Green' issues and Diversity & Inclusion. ESG reporting takes place at group level, and working groups are in place across the group to further ESG matters during FY22. Charity initiatives are particularly popular across the company, with local, regional and national events regularly happening through the year with much engagement from staff. Suppliers The company carries out regular due diligence with new suppliers and existing ones, checking that slavery and human trafficking is not taking place in any of its supply chains or any part of its business. Suppliers are required to comply with the Modern Slavery Act. A centralised procurement function was established during the year as part of the group transformation. However, offices will continue to use local businesses to supply goods and services, where this is appropriate