
Highlight [page 4]: Corporate Governance Statement For the period ended 25 December 2021 under The Companies (Miscellaneous Reporting) Regulations 2018, the Company has applied the Wates Corporate Governance Principles for Large Private Companies which can be found at www.wates.co.uk/who-we-are/corporate-govemance. Set out on pages 6 to 16 is an explanation of how the Wates Principles have been applied during the 2021 year.

Highlight [page 8]: The Directors present their strategic report for the period from 27 December 2020 to 25 December 2021. Section 172 (1) of the Companies Act 2006 (the 'Act') &tatement The Company's operations account for 85.1% of the turnover of Bakkavor Group pie ("the Group"). The governance is structured so that the Directors of the Company are supported by the Management Board, which, in tum, reports to the board of directors of the Group ("the Group Board") and the Group Board Audit & Risk, Nomination & ESG arid Remuneration Committees ("the Group Board Committees"). The Directors of the Company sit on both the Management Board and Group Board. The Wates Corporate Governance Principles for Large Private Companies, which can be found at www.wates.co.uk/who-we-are/corporate-govemance, serve as the framework to demonstrate how the Directors of the Company had regard for the matters set out in section 172(l)(a) to (f) of the Act when performing their duties, including how the Directors engaged with and considered the interests of stakeholders including customers, suppliers, colleagues and communities. The matters under Section 172 (1) of the Act have also been considered to an appropriate extent by the Management Board and the Group Board in relation both to the Company and the Group. To the extent necessary for an understanding of the development, performance and position of the Company, an explanation of how the Group Board has considered the matters set out in Section 172( 1) of the Act is set out on pages 66-71 of the Bakkavor Group pie 2021 Annual Report and Accounts ("the Group's Annual Report"), which does not form part of this report. Principle 1 - Purpose and Leadership "To develop and promote the purpose of the Company, and ensure that its values, strategy and culture align with that purpose." Purpose The Company operates within the Group and is a 100% owned subsidiary ofBakkavor Limited. The Company's principal activity is that of a leading provider of fresh prepared food products to some of the United Kingdom's most reputable and well-known grocery retailers. These include Tesc9, Marks and Spencer, J Sainsbury and Waitrose, who sell the Company's products predominantly under their respective private labels. The Company's purpose and values are aligned to the purpose and values of the Group: To delight our customers and consumers through the fresh, convenient, innovative and great-tasting food that we proudly create every day. The Company's vision is to lead the way in bringing innovative, great-tasting, freshly prepared food to people around the world.

Highlight [page 9]: Underpinning the Company's purpose are the following key values: • Respect and trust each other: The Company understands that each colleague has a valuable part to play in the success of the Company's business and by treating each other fairly, including everyone, listening, and trusting one another, caring, and supporting each other, we can all make a difference and achieve our collective goal. • Keep the customer at the heart of what we do: The Company values and protects its customer partnerships and is committed to the highest standards of food safety, integrity and quality, innovating to help customers stay ahead and staying agile and working together with customers to anticipate future needs. • Getting it right, keeping it right: The Company works to uphold standards and be consistent every day. Colleagues are encouraged to stay safe and look after themselves and each other and take responsibility for the impact of the Company's actions on the environment and in our communities. In order to be fit for the future, we must learn from our mistakes and invest in our skills. • Be proud of what we do: The Company encourages colleagues to aim high, value their efforts and always go the extra mile and by doing so, inspire others to work with passion and enthusiasm. The Group Board provides effective and entrepreneurial leadership of the whole Group by setting the purpose and strategic direction. The Directors of the Company, supported by the Management Board are responsible for the overall implementation of the Company's purpose and strategic direction, taking into account the needs of all relevant stakeholders. Members of the Management Board regularly meet with Site Employee Forums ("SEF") and the Group Employee Forum ("GEF") to discuss the Company's purpose with, and understand the views of, the workforce. The Group Board is also responsible for assessing, monitoring and promoting the Group's culture and ensuring that this is closely aligned with its strategy and delegates the implementation of the Group's culture to the Management Board. All Directors act with integrity and lead by example to promote the desired culture. Moreover, the Management Board endeavours to ensure that workforce policies and practices are in line with the Group's values and support its long-term sustainable success. The Management Board provides the Group Board with updates on the development of human resources at Bakkavor, and the key areas of focus for delivery, including modernising HR systems, investing in leadership capabilities across the business and improving talent development and succession planning processes. The Group Board also receives regular updates on the culture, Bakkavor's values and employee engagement initiatives, including the Employee Engagement Survey which included insights, colleagues' views and responses to changes in the business and the work of the Wellbeing Steering Committee in relation to how to support colleagues' physical, emotional and financial wellbeing. The Management Board and Group Board assess and monitor the culture by dedicating time at Board meetings for updates from the Chief People Officer covering discussions on culture, values and employee/workforce matters, inclusion and diversity, monitoring the levels and nature of whistleblowing reports as well as monitoring absenteeism and employee turnover. Strategy Drive returns by leveraging number one position in the UK The Company's strategy in the UK is to leverage its number one position in the fresh prepared food market to drive financial returns for the benefit of all of our stakeholders.

Highlight [page 10]: Our key drivers: • Capitalise on our market insights, innovation capabilities ;md breadth of offer to develop products and propositions that delight our customers and consumers; • Maximise the benefit of our scale to develop, prepare and distribute our products with a more efficient and sustainable use of resources; and • Pursue and capitalise on profitable growth opportunities that allow us to create value for our shareholders, whilst also reinvesting in our colleagues' skills and competencies. What the Company has achieved: • Rebalanced our portfolio towards product categories with higher growth or margin where we hold a stronger competitive advantage; • Leveraged the breadth and depth of our product development capabilities and our proprietary consumer insights to successfully launch new brands and propositions in our categories, such as The Delicious Desserts Company and Pizza Express's expanded range; • Minimised the impact of supply chain disruptions during the COVID-19 pandemic by retaining an agile decision-making process and collaborating more closely with our customers and suppliers; and Reviewed our operational processes following the UK's exit from the EU, including investment m capabilities, information systems, inventory, centralisation of ordering and workforce review. Future focus areas • Targeted investment in new product capacity to accommodate growth in demand in certain areas such as bread and plant-based products; • Create centres of excellence for specific manufacturing processes or product groups to drive innovation and efficiency across sites; • Continue adapting processes and operations to prepare for, and mitigate the impact of, any further supply chain disruption, labour scarcity, input inflation and Brexit impact through the ye·ar; and • Explore inorganic growth opportunities within the fresh prepared food market to broaden the Company's capabilities and bolster our proposition to customers. Excellence: Deliver superior performance through operational excellence The Company continues to invest in its colleagues and assets to generate operational efficiencies and maintain the highest technical standards and service levels. Our key drivers: • Identify and deliver efficiency improvement opportunities across the Group through the deployment of our dedicated and highly-skilled Operational Excellence team; Enhance productivity through a combination of automation investments and colleague training, with a particular focus on engineering skills; • Uphold the highest of food safety and health and safety standards in our operations for the benefit of our colleagues and the consumers of our products; • Establish a resilient and efficient global sourcing platform through our dedicated teams in the UK, Spain and China; and • Maintain our market-leading service levels through timely and accurate deliveries.

Highlight [page 11]: What the Company has achieved: • Implemented various process improvement initiatives and productivity investments across our sites. This included redeploying equipment across UK sites, centralising procurement, installing new automation solutions and increasing colleague training efforts; • Continued the roll-out of a new automated smart manufacturing system across UK sites to highlight opportunities for efficiency gains; • Provided best-in-class service levels to our UK customers despite challenges with availability of labour and supply chain disruption; and • Maintained industry-leading technical standards across the Group in health and safety and food safety. Future focus areas • Drive manufacturing efficiency through automation, data-driven control of materials and labour, improved training programmes and ad-hoc external support; • Deliver engineering excellence in the UK through our new apprenticeship programme and better sharing of best practices through the work of our Operational Excellence team; • Invest in people development and upskillirig to drive performance and improve retention and its associated costs and loss of know-how; and • Maintain or further improve our technical standards, across health and safety and food safety, through colleague training, targeted site investments, and sharing of best practices across the Group. Trust: Be a trusted partner for our colleagues, customers, suppliers and wider communities Trusted Partner is the Company's ESG strategy that guides our .progress towards building a more sustainable business, defining our action on issues that matter most to our stakeholders - across our supply chain, our own operations, and in our workplaces and communities. For further information please see pages 34 to 53 of the Group's Annual Report. Principle 2 - Board Composition "Effective board composition requires an effective Chair and a balance of skills, background, experience and knowledge, with individual directors having sufficient capacity to make a valuable contribution. The size of a board should be guided by the scale and complexity of the company." • The Directors of the Company The Directors of the Company are Agust Gudmundsson, Ben Waldron and Mike Edwards. They are supported by the Management Board for the day to day management of the Company. The Management Board reports to the Group Committees and the Group Board. The Directors of the Company sit on both the Management Board and Group Board. The Management Board is comprised of the following Senior Managers with the appropriate combination of commercial, technical, and financial skills and high-level understanding of the Company's business and its impact on key stakeholders: • Chief Executive Officer - Agust Gudmundsson • Chief Financial Officer - Ben Waldron • Chief Operating Officer - Mike Edwards • President Bakkavor US - Pete Laport • Chief People Officer - Donna-Maria Lee

Highlight [page 12]: The Management Board The Management Board implements the purpose, values and strategic objectives set by the Company. It determines investment policies and delegates the detailed planning and implementation of those objectives and policies to Senior Management (being the senior executives within the tier below the Management Board) in accordance with appropriate risk parameters. The Management Board monitors compliance with policies and achievement against objectives by holding Senior Management accountable for its activities through monthly and quarterly performance reporting and budget updates. The responsibilities delegated to the Management Board cover the following areas: • Preparing strategic proposals, corporate plans and budgets • Executing the strategy agreed upon by the Company • Executing actions in relation to key decisions such as investments, mergers and acquisitions • Establishing a system of internal control and risk management • Monitoring performance and evaluation of health and safety • Engagement with stakeholders, including workforce engagement • Review and approval ofrevised policies prior to approval by the Group Board, such as the Anti-Bribery and Business Ethics Policy, Inclusion and Diversity Policy, Whistleblowing Policy and the Charity and Political Donations Policy. It is a core feature of good corpbrate governance that the Directors of the Company and the Management Board! have an appropriate balance of skills, experience, independence and knowledge to enable the effective discharge of their duties and responsibilities. The Directors of the Company have delegated responsibility to the Group· Nomination Committee for ensuring that the Management Board and Group Board have the appropriate balance of skills, experience, independence and knowledge. The Group Nomination & ESG Committee oversees Management Board appointments and succession planning. Proposed appointments to the Management Board follow an open and transparent recruitment process and candidates are assessed on merit against objective criteria. The Group Nomination & ESG Committee's succession planning review during the year included arrangements relating to contingency planning for sudden and unforeseen departures to ensure the orderly replacement of current Group Board and Management Board members and Senior Executives (e.g. retirement) and medium to long-term planning which focused on identifying potential candidates within the Group for progression and areas where external recruitment may be required for the replacement of Management Board members and Senior Executives. The result of this work highlighted that the Company has robust plans for our key roles across the business, supported by our Executive Development Programme. The Group Nomination & ESG Committee reviewed the succession planning for the Management Board which was aligned to the Company's talent principles and a new performance rating scale was introduced during the year, designed to clearly differentiate between different types of performance alongside the Company's potential ratings guidance. The Group's Nomination & ESG Committee's succession planning review for Senior Executives considered longer-term planning focused on identifying potential candidates within the Group for progression and areas where external recruitment may be required. During the year, the Group Nomination & ESG Committee undertook a skills audit to map the Group Board and Management Board's existing skillset, personal attributes and expected behaviours against those required to oversee and execute corporate strategy. The Group Nomination & ESG Committee is confident that the Management Board has the necessary mix of skills and experience to contribute to the Company's strategic objectives.

Highlight [page 13]: For further information, please see the 'Report of the Group Nomination & ESG Committee' on pages 108 to 111 of the Group's Annual Report. Principle 3 - Responsibilities "Directors should have a clear understanding of their accountability and responsibilities. The Company's policies and procedures should support effective decision-making and independent challenge." Accountability The Directors of the Company, supported by the Management Board, have a clear understanding of accountability and responsibilities, however, ultimate accountability is at the Group Board level. The Management Board's responsibilities are documented in the Group's Schedule of Matters Reserved for the Board and Delegation of Authority. The Management Board met 36 times during the year. The meetings were focused on proposing and executing agreed strategy, executing actions in relation to key decisions such as investments, mergers and acquisitions; Monitoring performance and evaluation of health and safety, engagement with stakeholders including workforce engagement; and reviewing and approving revised policies prior to approval by the Group Board, such as the Anti-Bribery and Business Ethics Policy, Inclusion and Diversity Policies, Whistleblowing Policy, Charity and Political donations policy and most recently the gender pay gap policy. The Management Board are also responsible for identifying and managing risks, which are reported to the Group's Audit & Risk Committee and the Group Board. Conflicts of interest The Directors of the Company have a statutory duty to avoid situations in which they may have interests that conflict with those of the Company, unless that conflict is first authorised by the Group Board under the Group's Conflicts oflnterest Policy. They are required to disclose both the nature and extent of any potential or actual conflicts of interests of the Company. In accordance with the Act, the Company's Articles of Association allow the Directors to authorise potential conflicts that may arise and to impose such conditions or limitations as it sees fit. This is delegated by the Directors of the Company to the Group Board to ensure independent oversight. Integrity of Information The provision of clear, precise and relevant management information and reports to the statutory Directors of the Company and the Management Board is fundamental to achieving good governance and efficient decision-m*ing and operations. Such information includes financial information, review of actual performance against plan, strategy updates and market developments. Reports are also provided on matters such as investment performance and risk. There are formal and robust internal processes to ensure that the systems and controls in place are operating effectively, and that the statutory Directors of the Company and the Management Board receive accurate, regular and timely information about the performance of the business. Oversight and review of the corporate governance framework is delegated to the Group General Counsel and Company Secretary who supports the Directors of the Company, the Group Board and the Management Board, ensuring good information flows and advising on all corporate governance matters. Principle 4 - Opportunity and Risk "The Board should promote the long-term sustainable success of the Company by identifying ,--,--.--'"--"=----------------,opportunities-to-c-te-ate and preserve value, anilestatilisli oversighTfor tnei<lentffication and mitigation of risks." Opportunity The Directors of the Company, supported by the Management Board are responsible for executing the Company's strategy, which includes identifying future opportunities for innovation and consideration of the Company's agreed risk appetite and the long-term strategy and prospects.

Highlight [page 14]: The Company's strategic positioning: • Focus on developing fresh prepared food in retail markets • Scale and market-leading position across all four product categories • Long-standing partnerships with the Company's four strategic customers • Strong insight, innovation and new product development capabilities Risk The Company's principal risks and uncertainties are set out on pages 17 to 23 of the Company's Strategic Report for the Period from 27 December 2020 to 25 December 2021. Risk Management and Internal Control The Company's risk management process is aligned to that of the Group and the Group Board has overall responsibility for the Group's system of internal control and risk management. The Directors of the Company, with the support of the Management Board, ensure the effective identification and management of key strategic and emerging risks, and for the review and approval of the ongoing risk management process, including clear policies that outline what can be considered an acceptable level of risk. This is achieved through the following framework: Group risks and emerging risks are reviewed quarterly by four regional/functional risk committees who report to the Management Board summarising changes in risks and mitigating actions. These are considered by the Management Board and then reported to the Audit and Risk Committee and Group Board. ' Management teams escalate new or changing risk to their respective risk committees for review. The internal audit team carry out risk-based audits to provide assurance direct to the Audit and Risk Committee of the Group Board. The Group Board has established procedures: • To manage risk, oversee the internal control framework and determine the nature and extent of the principal risks the Company is willing to take in order to achieve its long-term strategic objectives. • For ensuring the maintenance of the Group's risk management and internal control systems and reviewing them annually. The framework under which risk is managed in the business is supported by a system of internal· controls designed to embed the effective management of the key business risks throughout the Group. Principle 5 - Remuneration "The board should promote executive remuneration structures aligned to the long-term sustainable success of the Company, taking into account pay and conditions elsewhere in the Company." The remuneration structure of the Director of the Company is aligned to the Group Directors' Remuneration Policy ("the Policy"). Responsibility for executive remuneration has been delegated by the Directors of the Company to the Group Remuneration Committee to ensure independent oversight is maintained. The Policy was put to a binding shareholder vote at the Group's 20 May 2021 Annual General Meeting ("AGM") and is effective for three years from approval.

Highlight [page 15]: The Group Remuneration Committee designed the Policy with the following aims in niind. The Policy should: • Attract, retain and motivate high-calibre Senior Executives and focus them on the delivery of the Group's strategic and business objectives; • Be competitive against appropriate market benchmarks with the scope to earn above-market rewards for strong performance; • Be simple and understandable, both internally and externally; • Achieve the appropriate consistency of approach across the Senior Management population; and • Take due account of good governance and promote the long-term success of the Group. In seeking to achieve the above objectives, the Group Remuneration Committee was mindful of the views of a broad range of stakeholders in the business and accordingly took account of a number of factors when setting remuneration. This included market conditions, pay and benefits in relevant comparator organisations, terms and conditions of employment across the Group, the Group's risk appetite, the expectations of institutional shareholders and feedback from shareholders and other stakeholders. During the year, Agust Gudmundsson, Ben Waldron and Mike Edwards the Directors of the Company received the following remuneration: 2021 Annual base salary Agust Gudmundsson: £769,000 Ben Waldron: £370,000 Mike Edwards: £481,000 Base salary is designed to provide an appropriate level of fixed income to avoid over reliance on variable pay elements that could encourage excessive risk taking. Variable Pay Benefits in kind offered to Executive Directors are provided to assist with retention and recruitment. The annual bonus scheme rewards achievement of stretching objectives that support the Group's corporate goals and delivery of the business strategy. Delivery of a proportion in deferred bonus shares provides a retention element and alignment with shareholders. Bonuses are determined based on measures and targets that are agreed by the Group Remuneration Committee and based on performance over the relevant financial year. Two-thirds of the annual bonus will be payable in cash, typically in March following the end of the financial year. Up to one-third of the bonus is compulsorily deferred in shares (or cash in the case of Agust Gudmundsson) for three years under the Deferred Annual Bonus Plan. Agust Gudmundsson was awarded an annual bonus in the sum of £461,000 in 2021. Agust Gudmundsson does not participate in the LTIP scheme. Ben Waldron was awarded an annual bonus in the sum of £347,000. Mike Edwards was awarded an annual bonus in the sum of£451,000. Mike Edwards and Ben Waldron were granted restricted share awards in April 2019, prior to their joining the ------~GroupJloard, alongside performance share awards. Their restricted share awards vested in_April_2022._Ben_______ Waldron was on an international assignment as CEO ofBakkavor US when his 2019 LTIP award was granted. As Group Board Directors, Mike Edwards and Ben Waldron are bound by the Directors' Remuneration Policy and therefore will no longer receive further grants of restricted shares.

Highlight [page 16]: A Performance Share Award which will ordinarily become exercisable three years from the date of grant, subject to continued service and once exercisable, may ordinarily be exercised at any point up until the tenth anniversary of the date of grant. The Performance Share Award will only vest to the extent to which adjusted earnings per share ('EPS') and total shareholder return ('TSR') performance conditions are met. The performance share awards were based on the achievement ofEPS and TSR measures, tested to 25 December 2021. For EPS, the minimum threshold for payment was 16.5 pence and the performance was 10.4 pence, therefore no payment was due. For TSR, Bakkavor ranked in the lower quartile and therefore no payment was due for this measure either. 2021 Pension Entitlement Agust Gudmundsson: £26,000 Ben Waldron: £11,000 Mike Edwards: £85,000 · The Group aims to provide a contribution towards life in retirement. Reflecting investors' views in this area, Agust Gudmundsson's pension contribution for 2021 decreased from 15% of salary to 3% of salary with effect from 1 February 2021 to be in line with the workforce rate. Ben Waldron's pension contribution rates are workforce aligned. Whilst Mike Edwards' pension remains higher temporarily, the Directors' Remuneration policy which was approved by 99.72% of shareholders at the 2020 Bakkavor Group pie's AGM has provided a firm commitment that Mike Edwards' pension contribution will reduce to the workforce rate by the end of 2023. As set out in detail in the Group's Annual Report, the extension of Mike Edwards' higher pension contribution achieves workforce pension alignment within a reasonable period oftime and ensured Mike Edwards' fixed pay was not reduced upon being promoted to the Group Board. Principle 6 - Stakeholder. relationships and Engagement "Directors should foster effective stakeholder relationships aligned to the Company's purpose." The Company's stakeholder relationships and engagement are aligned to that of the Group to ensure that the Company fulfils its obligations to those impacted by the business. Considering the impact of the Company's decisions on its stakeholders is fundamental to the Company's ability to deliver value creation and create a long-term sustainable business. The Company's key stakeholders are its customers, suppliers, colleagues and communities. Customers: The Company's customers include all the well-known UK grocery retailers. Ensuring customers are central to decision-making is critical in delivering on the Company's strategy. This year, particularly in light of industry-wide supply chain challenges, the Directors of the Company, supported by the Management Board, focused on maintaining supply, minimising disruption and providing high standards of service. In order to implement this strategy, the Management Board made the decision to work collaboratively with customers on sourcing raw materials and with the Company's pricing models the Company is able to pass on the inflationary impact of key raw materials. The Management Board has also continued to focus on managing ranges in specific categories, ensuring continuity of supply by utilising the Company's strategic supplier relationships benefiting from our category procurement expertise, and has continued to support customers who manage outbound distribution from factories to stores. Suppliers: The Company has well-established supplier partnerships across a global network of over 900 suppliers with whom we collaborate closely, including in areas such as responsible sourcing and detailed Brexit-related planning. Being able to source high-quality raw materials is an important factor in our ability to deliver value and innovation. Availability of labour and raw materials helps maintain the continuity of supply and sourcing in a way that is environmentally sustainable and ethically sound ensures the integrity of our supply chains and our responsibilities as a manufacturing partner.

Highlight [page 17]: Engagement with the Company's suppliers is proactively managed by the Management Board which provides feedback and regular updates to the Directors of the Company and the Group Board. During the year, the Management Board engaged with the Company's suppliers and customers on supply performance, collaborative buying and cost models. The roll-out of the Company's responsible sourcing strategy has also seen the business evaluate over 500 direct suppliers on environmental, ethical and integrity issues, and engage directly with suppliers in aligning their performance to our requirements, as set out in our Supplier Code of Conduct. Colleagues The Company has over 15,800 colleagues located in 29 locations across the UK. Colleagues are the heart of the business and incorporating their views into the Company's decision making is essential as it further defines culture and delivers against strategy. The Directors of the Company, supported by the Management Board, place considerable value on the involvement of colleagues and continues to keep them informed on matters affecting them and on the various factors affecting the performance of the Company. This is achieved through formal and informal meetings, the intranet and quarterly briefings by the Company's Senior Executives and Management Board. Feedback, suggestions, and concerns from colleagues across the business are communicated to members of the Management Board through Site and Group Employee Forums and via the Speak Up line. The Management Board receives regular updates on the topics discussed and provides regular updates on colleague engagement to the Group Board. Through these channels the Directors of the Company have oversight of the concerns and suggestions of the colleagues which in turn, shapes the decision-making process for the Company. During the year, Jill Caseberry was appointed as the Grbup's designated workforce engagement Non-executive Director, providing colleagues with a direct channel of' communication to an independent champion at Group Board level. Jill attended an initial session with Bakkavor's Site Employee Forums and Group Employee Forum to introduce herself and explain her role. During the year, the Directors of the Company, supported by the Management Board, received updates on food safety, health and safety and wellbeing of colleagues and continued to adapt to the changing impact of the COVID-19 pandemic and made good progress in standardising food safety and health and safety practices and risk assessments across the business. Where appropriate, policies were updated and quarterly technical update meetings were held to discuss key issues and agree action plans. Details of the Group's approach to employee engagement can be found on page 67 of the Group's Annual Report. Employment of disabled persons The Company gives full and fair consideration to employment applications made by people with disabilities. The Company offers equal opportunity to all disabled candidates and colleagues who have a disability or who become disabled during the course of their employment. A full assessment of the individual's needs is undertaken and reasonable adjustments are made to the work environment and/or practices in order to assist those with disabilities. It is the policy of the Group that the training, career development and promotion of colleagues with disabilities should, as far as possible, be the same as that of our other colleagues. Equal opportunities _______ T_h_e_C_o_m~panyisan eg_ualom~ortunities employer. Eg_ualopportunities are offered to all rega_r_d_le_s_s_o_f_ra_c_e~,________ colour, nationality, ethnic origin, gender (including gender reassignment), marital or civil partnership status, disability, religion, belief, sexual orientation, pregnancy and maternity, age or trade union membership. All candidates and colleagues are treated equally in respect of recruitment, promotion, training, pay and other employment policies and conditions. All decisions are based on relevant merit and abilities.

Highlight [page 18]: Communities Preserving the links the Company has in the communities in which it operates is an important factor. At Group level, our Trusted Partner ESG strategy includes Engagement and wellbeing in our workplaces and communities as one of its three focus areas in order to support our ability to deliver value to our communities. This includes building communities through our sites supporting local charities, schools, sports teams, vulnerable people, and projects. The Directors of the Company, supported by the Management Board, continue to focus on reducing the Company's environmental footprint and taking measures to tackle food waste, increasing resource efficiency, reducing emissions, and addressing the impact of packaging. The Group Board is accountable for ensuring that climate-related issues are considered in terms of their impact on the long-term strategy of the Group. It provides oversight of progress and implementation of our Net Zero commitment and reviews Group policies and commitments, including the Net Zero target and KPis' progress and approach. As part of the Streamlined Energy and Carbon Reporting (SECR), the Company has measured and reported its UK energy use and related Scope 1 & 2 Greenhouse Gas (GHG) emissions for the year to December 2021, which can be found on page 60 of the Bakkavor Group pie Annual Report 2021. The Management Board receives regular updates on engagement and preserving the links the Company has in the communities in which it operates which it reports to the Group Board. Through these channels the Directors of the Company have oversight of community engagement and the progress of the Group's Trusted Partner ESG strategy. Engagement with other stakeholders Details surrounding the Company's stakeholder engagement and corporate responsibilities policies can be found within the "Section 172 statement in the Strategic Report" section, on pages 66 to 71, of the Bakkavor Group pie Annual Report 2021.