
Highlight [page 62]: Governance Directors and other information Chair of the Board Peter Herbert (appointed to the Board 1 May 2020) (N) (RE) Non-Executive Directors Philip Moore (RI) (A) Richard Sommers (RI) (A) Ian Buchanan (RI) Jacqueline Noakes Mark Spain Alison Burns (N) (RE)(RI) Clare Salmon (RE)(A) (N) Executive Directors Ian McLaughlin Thomas McAreavey (RI) Member of the Risk Committee (A) Member of the Audit Committee (N) Member of the Nomination Committee (RE) Member of the Remuneration Committee Company Secretary Hill Wilson Secretarial Limited Registered Office Bow Bells House, 1 Bread Street, London, EC4M 9BE Registered Number 07022885 Independent Auditor KPMG Chartered Accountants, Statutory Audit f'irm 1 Harbciurmaster Place Dublin 1 Ireland

Highlight [page 63]: Peter Herbert Choir,Non-ExecutiveDirector Term of office Appointed in May 2020 Independent Yes External appointments Chair and Non-Executive Director at Zopa Bank Non-Executive Director at WiZink Bank (Spain) Experience Appointed to the Board of Bank of Ireland (UK) pie in May 2020, Peter is Chair of the Board, Chair of the Nomination Committee and a member of the Remuneration Committee. Peter is currently the Chair of Zopa Bank and a Non-Executive Director of WiZink Bank. His past Non-executive Director roles have included The Northview Group, CreditShop Holdings and Tandem Bank, and previous executive roles have included Chief Executive of Tandem Bank and senior roles at GE Capital and Barclays. Ian McLaughlin ChiefExecutiveOfficer Term of office Appointed in December 2019 Independent No External appointments None Experience Appointed Chief Executive Officer of Bank of Ireland (UK) pie in December 2019. Ian has over 25 years of financial, • services experience, having joined the Group from Royal Bank of Scotland, where he held roles cif Managing Director, Home Buying and Ownership, and Managing Director, Specialist Banking. Prior to that, Ian held a number of senior management roles at Lloyds Banking Group and Zurich Financial Services. Ian is a graduate of Queen's University Belfast. Thomas McAreavey ChiefFinancial Officer Term of office Appointed in March 2017 Independent No External appointments None Experience Appointed Chief Financial Officer of Bank of Ireland (UK) pie in March 2017. Thomas has over 20 years of experience in the Bank of Ireland Group, having held various senior management positions within Finance, including leading a range of strategic projects. Prior to that, he held a management position within PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP. Thomas is a Fellow Chartered Accountant and is a qualified Certified Bank Director. Thomas is also a Director of a number of Bank of Ireland Group subsidiaries, including NIIB Group Limited.

Highlight [page 64]: Jackie Noakes GroupChiefOperatingOfficer - Bankof IrelandGrouppie Term of office Appointed in October 2018 Independent No External appointments One Family Limited Experience Appointed Non-Executive Director of Bank of Ireland (UK) pie in October 2018. Jackie joined Bank of Ireland Group pie as a Group Chief Operating Officer in August 2018. In her role as Chief Operating Officer Jackie oversees a range of services across technology, infrastructure and operations. Jackie has held a number of senior positions in the financial services sector, most recently at Legal & General (UK) as Chief Executive Officer ·of Mature Savings. Jackie also held the roles of Managing Director of Legal & General's Savings business, as well as Group IT & Shared Services Director and Chief Operating Officer for the Firm's largest operating entity, Legal & General Assurance Society. Mark Spain ChiefStrategyOfficer - Bankof Ireland Grouppie Term of office Appointed in December 2019 Independent No External appointments None Experience Appointed Non-Executive Director of Bank of Ireland (UK) pie in December 2019. Mark is the Chief Strategy Officer reporting directly to the Bank of Ireland Group Chief Executive Officer. He brings over 20 years' experience to this role since joining Bank of Ireland Group in 1998 as Director of 181Corporate Finance. He has since held senior leadership roles as Director of Group Investor Relations, Director of Group Finance and UK Commercial Director. He• has extensive experience and expertise in markets, accounting and finance, commercial strategy, mergers and acquisitions, and complex project management. Alison Burns Non-ExecutiveDirector Term of office Appointed in January 2021 Independent Yes External appointments Non-executive Director of RPMI Ltd Non-executive Director of National House-Building Council Experience Appointed to the Board of Bank of Ireland (UK) pie in January 2021, Alison is a member of the Nomination and Remuneration Committees. Alison has held executive and non-executive roles within Aviva pie, including the position of CEO of Aviva Ireland. She has extensive financial services experience, gained in senior roles with Santander, Bupa, Lloyds TSB and I\XA UK, and brings strong leadership and executive management experience. Previous Non-Executive director roles include Hastings pie and Equiniti Group Pie.

Highlight [page 65]: Philip Moore Non-ExecutiveDirector Term of office Appointed in April 2018 Independent Yes External appointments Non-Executive Director and Chair of the Audit and Risk Committee of Codan NS Non-Executive Director and Chair of the Risk Committee of Wesleyan Assurance Society Non-Executive Director of Skipton Building Society Trustee and Chair of the Finance Committee of the Royal British Legion Experience Appointed to the Board of Bank of Ireland (UK) pie in April 2018, Philip is Chair of the Audit Committee and a member of the Risk Committee. Philip has enjoyed an over 35-year international career in financial services comprising nearly 20 years as a CFO. Until 2017 he was Group Finance Director of LV=.Other previous executive roles have included Group Finance Director and subsequently Chief Executive at Friends Provident and a Partner at Pricewaterhouse Coopers LLPbased in London and then Hong Kong. Philip's past Non-Executive director roles have included F&CAsset Management, RAB Capital, Wealth Wizards and Towergate. Philip is also a Governor and Vice-Chair of Hart Learning Group. Richard Sommers Non-ExecutiveDirector Term of office Appointed in August 2021 Independent Yes External appointments Chair of Sidmouth Cricket Tennis and Croquet Club Experience Appointed to the Board of Bank of Ireland (UK) pie in August 2021, Richard is Chair of the Risk Committee and a member of the Audit Committee. Richard's past non-executive director roles include Al Rayan Bank, where he chaired the Risk Committee; and West Bromwich Building Society, where he chaired the Risk Committee. Richard was also Chair of the Audit and Risk Committee at the University of York. During a 30-year executive career in financial services, Richard held the roles of Finance Director and then Risk Director for Barclays' Retail Financial Services Division; Finance Director, Barclaycard; and Chief Financial Officer for Barclaycard USA.

Highlight [page 66]: Non-ExecutiveDirector Term of office Appointed in September 2018 Independent No External appointments None Experience Appointed Non-Executive Director of Bank of Ireland (UK) pie in September 2018. Ian is also a Non-Executive Director for the Board of Bank of Ireland Group pie and the Court ofThe Governor and Company of Bank of Ireland. He was previously the Group Chief Information Officer for Barclays pie and Chief Operating Officer for Barclaycard until 2016. Before joining Barclays in 2011, Ian was Chief Information Officer for Societe Generale Corporate and Investment Banking (2009-2011 ), a member of the public board and Group Manufacturing Director of Alliance & Leicester pie (2005-2008), and a member of the executive committee and Chief Operations & Technology Officer of Nomura International (1994-2005). Ian's earlier career was spent at Credit Suisse, Guinness and BP. Clare Salmon Non-ExecutiveDirector Term of office Appointed in July 2021 Independent Yes External appointments Non-Executive Director, Chair of the Risk Committee, and designated Director for Workforce Engagement at CMC Markets Pie Independent Member, Widows Independent Committee Scottish Governance Experience Appointed to the Board of Bank of Ireland (UK) pie in July 2021, Clare is Chair of the Remuneration Committee and a member of the Nomination.and Audit Committees. She has held a broad variety of international leadership roles with board-level experience across a range of service businesses, including consumer-focused financial services, at the AA, RSA, Vodafone, ITV, Prudential and Royal London. Clare's previous non-executive director roles include Swinton Insurance Pie, Alliance Trust Pie and Codan. Clare is currently Non-Executive Director, Chair of the Risk Committee and Workforce Engagement Director at CMC Markets Pie; and sits on the Scottish Widows Independent Governance Committee.

Highlight [page 67]: Corporate Governance Arrangements 2021 The Group has adopted the Wates Principles of Corporate Governance for Large Private Companies as its preferred corporate governance code. Compliance with the Wates Principles Principle 1: Purpose and leadership The Board is responsible for the leadership of the Group within a framework of prudent and effective controls which enables risk to be assessed and managed. The Board approves the Group's strategy, ensures that the necessary financial and human resources are in place for the Group to meet its objectives and reviews management performance. The Board has oversight of the Group's values and standards, the development of the Group's culture, the allocation of Prescribed Responsibilities under the UK Regulatory Regime and ensures that the Group's obligations to its shareholder, regulators, customers and other stakeholders are understood and met. The Board approves the Group's risk appetite, capital, liquidity and operating plans. The Group's purpose, "Enabling our customers, colleagues and communities to thrive", is supported by four key values: Customer focused; One Group, One Team; Accountable; and Agile. Details are set out under "Our purpose and values" in the Strategic Report on page 9. The Group's strategy is "to transform the bank, to serve customers brilliantly and to grow sustainable profits". Details are set under "Our Strategy" on page 10. The Board recognises that culture is critical to the Group's competitive advantage and creation and protection of long-term value. To support its commitment to embedding the Group's culture and values, the Board receives regular updates on Open View survey results as well as a Quarterly Culture Dashboard. The Nomination Committee reviews information on Management Hires and Exits. The Group has signed up to the UK Race at Work Charter and has committed to meeting and in certain cases, exceeding, the standards set out in that Charter. The Board pledges its commitment to zero tolerance for any form of racial harassment, bullying or inappropriate behaviours whether from management, colleagues, customers or contractors. The Audit Committee leads on the establishment of transparent policies in relation to raising concerns about misconduct and unethical practices (Speak-Up). In its deliberations, the Board has taken into account the long-term interests of shareholders, investors, customers, colleagues and other stakeholders in the Group and the public interest. The Board has also given due consideration to laws, regulations and any published guidelines or recommendations. The Board is accountable to its Shareholder for the overall direction and control of the Group. The Board met 15 times in 2021. Principle 2: Board composition The roles of the Chair and CEO are separate to ensure a balance of power and effective decision-making. There was a significant change to the composition of the Board in 2021 as outlined below: Peter Hebert was formally appointed as Chair of the Board on 12 February 2021. Alison Burns was appointed to the Board on 1 January 2021 and was subsequently appointed to the role of Customer Director in October 2021. Clare Salmon was appointed to the Board on 1 July 2021 and was subsequently appointed to the role of Colleague Engagement Director in October 2021. Clare was appointed Chair of the Remuneration Committee on 5 October 2021. Richard Sommers was appointed to the Board and as Chair of the Risk Committee on 3 August 2021; John Baines resigned from the Board and as Chair of the Audit Committee on 1 May 2021; and Philip Moore was appointed as Audit Committee Chair in May 2021. The Nomination Committee regularly considers the Board size and structure to ensure it remains appropriate to meet·• the strategic needs and challenges of the Group and enables effective decision-making. The Group ensures that individual Directors of the Board have sufficient time to dedicate to their duties, having regard to applicable regulatory limits on the number of directorships held by any individual Director. A schedule of technical and business Board training is developed ann-ually and reviewed throughout the year. In 2021, the Board and Board Committees received training in the following areas: Corporate Governance Developments; Financial Risksof Climate Change; Customer Immersion Sessions; LGBTAlly Training; Culture; Personal IT Security; Cyber Crime; and BEISConsultation on Audit and Corporate Governance Reform. The Board and Committee review the agenda for the next meeting at the end of each scheduled meeting which allows all Directors to shape the areas of discussion for future meetings. The Board has established a set of matters reserved for the Board and an annual rolling agenda to ensure control over key decision making. In accordance with the Articles, the Board has established the following Board Committees: - Audit Committee; - Nomination Committee; - Risk Committee; and - Remuneration Committee Each Board Committee has specific delegated authority as set out in its terms of reference (https://www.bankofirelanduk.com/ab out/corporate-governance/documents/). In 2020, the Board also established a Strategic Transformation sub-committee to facilitate focused review, challenge and oversight as to the progress of the Group's strategic transformation. There were 1O meetings of this Committee in 2021. The Board comprises a mix of Executive Directors; independent Non-Executive Directors; and Non-Executive Directors from the Parent. The Board recognises and embraces the benefits of diversity among its own members, including diversity of skills, experience, background, gender, ethnicity and other qualities and is committed to achieving the most appropriate blend and balance of diversity possible over time. The Board has retained its gender diversity target of 33% of female Directors by the end of 2022 and had achieved 30% by the end of 2021. The Board Diversity Policy, is available here: https://www.bankofirelanduk.com/ab

Highlight [page 68]: out/corporate-governance/documents/ All appointments are made on merit against objective criteria (including the skills and experience the Board as a whole requires to be effective) with due regard for the benefits of diversity on the Board. Upon appointment, each Director receives a detailed and tailored induction, including a briefing on directors' duties. Before the appointment of a Director, the Nomination Committee assesses the time commitment involved and identifies the skills and experience required for the role, having regard to Board succession planning. The recruitment process for all other colleagues. is supported by an experienced third-party professional search firm which develops an appropriate pool of independently assessed candidates as well as providing independent assessment of candidates. The Nomination Committee then shortlists candidates, conducts interviews and completes comprehensive due diligence. The Nomination Committee then makes a recommendation to the Board. Principle 3: Director responsibilities The Board held 15 meetings during 2021. Principal decisions made by the' Board during 2021, are set out in the Section 172 Companies Act 2006 Report on pages 24 to 26. The Board Terms of Reference provide a clear line of accountability and responsibility. Each Committee has a Terms of Reference outlining accountability and responsibility. The Terms of Reference for the Board and Board Committees are reviewed annually by the Company Secretary with any recommended changes presented to the Board for approval. The Board has adopted terms of reference that set out matters reserved for the Board. The Board undertakes an effectiveness review annually. In 2020, Allen and Overy Consulting was engaged to undertake a Board effectiveness review. The review concluded that the governance of the Board and its committees has been designed appropriately and the Board and committees are effective in their operation and in discharging their responsibilities. Recommendations implemented to enhance the Board's performance during 2021 are described in more detail in the 5.172 statement on pages 25 and 26 . The Board has adopted a Conflicts of Interest Policy setting out how .conflicts should be identified and managed at Board level. The Audit and Risk Committees hold meetings with control function heads without executive management present at least annually. The Risk Committee holds private meetings with the CRO at the end of each scheduled Risk Committee meeting. Board papers and supporting information are accurate, clear, comprehensive and up to date. Papers contain a broad range of information sources; a summary of the contents; inform the Directors as to what is being requested of them; and, wherever possible, are issued in good time ahead of Board meetings. Principle 4: Opportunity and risk The Board considers major projects and has delegated authority from the Shareholder for the approval of business strategy and direction for Group, within the parameters of the Parent's strategy. The Risk Committee and the Board considered the proposals made in support of delivery of the Group's multi-year strategic transformation programme which commenced in 2020. Further information on the Group's Strategy can be found on page 10. The Board has established a dedicated Risk Committee with responsibility for monitoring risk governance and to assist the Board in discharging its responsibilities in ensuring that risks are properly identified, reported, assessed and managed appropriately. In addition to regular review of the Group's Principal Risks (see -Principal Risks and Uncertainties (page 33), matters considered by the Risk Committee during 2021 included: Operational Risks - ICMP includes an agreed approach to reporting, including frequency of reporting and the points qt which decisions are made and escalated. For further details on the main features of the internal control and risk management systems, refer to the Risk Governance Report. Principle 5: Remuneration The Board has established a dedicated Remuneration Committee. The Remuneration Committee's primary objective is to consider and make recommendations to the Board in respect of remuneration strategy and policy for Executive Directors, Senior Management and the Group appointed Senior Management Functions (as defined under the UK Senior Managers & Certification Regime). The Remuneration Committee is responsible for overseeing the operation of a gender-neutral and appropriately inclusive remuneration policy, for Executive directors, Senior management and all other Colleagues. In framing remuneration strategy, frameworks and policies, the Remuneration Committee seeks to promote executive remuneration structures aligned to the long-term sustainable success of the 'Group, taking into account pay and conditions elsewhere in the Group. The Group is currently operating under a number of remuneration restrictions, which cover all Directors, senior management, employees and certain service providers across the Group. For further information, refer to the Remuneration Report of Bank of Ireland Group pie. ILMP Any breaches of Risk Appetite Metrics Deep dives on specific areas within the Group's Business Portfolios Forward Looking Information The loan loss and impairment process for the Report and Accounts Operational Resilience Financial Risksof Climate Change. The Group has a robust framework for reviewing and refreshing the RAS.This Principle 6: Stakeholders relationships and engagement Behaving in a responsible and sustainable way is fundamental to the Group's achievement of its purpose of "enabling our customers, colleagues and communities to thrive". A Responsible and Sustainable Business framework supports the Group's , behaviours and strategic priorities. Further details are set out in the Responsible and Sustainable Business section of the Strategic Report on page 16. Workforce policies and practices are aligned with the Group's purpose and values. Employees have access to a Speak-Up Policy and are actively encouraged to report any concerns or worries, either internally or externally

Highlight [page 69]: via a confidential, externally facilitated advice line. The Board monitors these reports and follows up actions regularly through the Audit Committee. Executive and Non-Executive Senior Management Function role holders meet reguJarly with the Group's regulators; and the PRA and FCA present ari annual update to the Board. The Chair of the Parent attends a Board Meeting annually and the CEO of the Parent presents to the Board at least once a year. See Section 172(1) Statement (page 24) for further details on stakeholders and engagement.

Highlight [page 70]: The Directors of the Group present their consolidated audited report and financial statements for the year ended 31 December 2021. The financial statements are prepared in accordance with international accounting standards in conformity with the requirements of the Companies Act 2006. Directors are listed in the Governance section on pages 63 to 67. The Group's structure is set out in note 45 to the financial statements and the future developments of the Group are incorporated in the strategic report. Principal activities The Bank is an 'authorised institution' under the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 and is regulated by the FCAand the PRA. The principal activities of the Group are the provision of an extensive range of banking and other financial services in UK. Financial performance The Group's profit for the year ended 31 December 2021 was £398 million (2020: £27 million). There was no profit or loss attributable to non-controlling interests for the year ended 31 December 2021 (2020: £nil). An analysis of performance is set out in the strategic report on pages 27 to 32. Dividends There was no dividend paid to the Parent during 2021 (2020: £nil). Return of capital During the year we restructured our capital and repatriated £500 million to our Parent. Board membership The following Directors were appointed during the year and up to the date of signing: Alison Burns, Non-Executive, 1January 2021. Clare Salmon, Non-Executive, 1 July 2021. Richard Sommers, Non-Executive, 3 August 2021. John Baines (resigned 1 May 2021) was the only director to resign during the year and up to the date of signing. Corporate governance The Group has adopted the Wates Principles of Corporate Governance for Large Private Companies as its preferred corporate governance code. While the Bank of Ireland Group fully complies with the UK Corporate Governance Code 2018 (in addition to a number of other codes of corporate governance), compliance with the Wates Principles for Large Private Companies by the Group has been consistent with Bank of Ireland Group-wide good governance practice. Bank of Ireland (UK) pie is a wholly owned subsidiary of the Governor and Company of the Bank of Ireland, a company incorporated by charter in the Republic of Ireland. The ultimate parent is Bank of Ireland Group pie. The Consolidated Annual Report of Bank of Ireland Group pie details the Corporate Governance framework applicable to the Group and its subsidiaries. Bank of Ireland Group pie financial statements are available on www.bankofireland.com or at Bank of Ireland, Head Office, 40 Mespil Road, Dublin 4. Corporate responsibility The Group strives to make a positive contribution to the economy by supporting its customers and investing in the communities in which it operates. The Group participates in a number of Parent initiatives including Give Together, a community giving initiative under which employees are supported in raising money and volunteering days for good causes. The Group is also conscious of its impact on the environment and has taken steps to reduce energy consumption at high usage locations that provide services to the Group. Further details on the Group's commitment to being a Responsible and Sustainable Business can be found in the strategic report. Risk management The Group's principal risks and uncertainties are discussed in the strategic report on pages 33 to 35. Additional risk disclosures for the Group can be found in the Risk Management section. Employees For the year ended 31 December 2021, the Group had an c1verage of 386 direct employees (2020: 304 direct employees) and 439 employees (2020: 520 employees) who work under long-term secondment arrangements from the Parent. The Group is committed to employment practices and policies which recognise the diversity of the Group's workforce and are based on equal opportunities for all employees. In recruitment and employment practices, the Group does not discriminate against individuals on the basis of any factor which is not relevant to performance including an individuals' sex, race, colour, disability, sexual orientation, marital status or religious beliefs. The Group has a number of programmes to support colleagues who become disabled or acquire a long-term health condition. To support continued employment and training, career development and promotion of all employees, the Group provides a suite of learning and development activities which are facilitated in conjunction with the Parent. Through the Group's ongoing employee performance monitoring and appraisal process, incorporating frequent line manager and employee discussions, individual employees are encouraged and supported to pursue their own personal development. The Group also endeavours to ensure that employees are provided with information on matters of concern to them and encourages active involvement of employees to ensure that their views are taken into account in reaching decisions. To facilitate this, there is regular consultation with employees or their representatives, through regular meetings, bulletins and the use of the Group's intranet, which provides a flexible communication channel for employees. Political donations No political donations were made during the year ended 31 December 2021 or in the year ended 31 December 2020. Voting Rights Voting at any general meeting is by a show of hands or by poll. The Annual General Meeting of the Group is scheduled to take place on 12 April 2022, and a copy of the notice of the meeting will be available on the Group's website when it is issued. The Group is a wholly owned subsidiary of the Governor and Company of the Bank of Ireland. Details of the Parent's shareholding can be found in the Notes to the Accounts in note 38. Auditors KPMG LLP (UK) resigned as auditors during the year and KPMG (Ireland) were appointed in their place and will continue in office in accordance with Section 489 of the Companies Act 2006. Disclosure of information to the external auditor In accordance with the provisions of the Companies Act 2006, the Directors serving

Highlight [page 71]: at the date of approval of this report confirm that, so far as each Director is aware, there is no relevant audit information of which the Company's auditor is unaware and each Director has taken all the steps that he or she ought to have taken as a Director to make himself or herself aware of any relevant audit information and to establish that the Company's auditor is aware of that information. (continued) Going concern The Directors have considered the appropriateness of the going concern basis in preparing the financial statements, for the year ended 31 December 2021, on page 89 which forms part of the Report of the Directors. Third party indemnity provision A qualifying third party indemnity provision (as defined in Section 234 of the Companies Act 2006) was, and remains, in force for the benefit of all Directors of the_ Group and former Directors who held office during the year. The indemnity is granted under article 137 of the Bank's Articles of Association. Post balance sheet events These are described in note 48 to the financial statements.

Highlight [page 72]: The Directors are responsible for preparing the Annual Report, Strategic Report, the Directors' Report and the Group and Bank financial statements in accordance with applicable law and regulations. Company law requires the Directors to prepare Group and Bank financial statements for each financial year. Under that law they have elected to prepare the Group financial statements in accordance with international accounting standards in conformity with the requirements of the Companies Act 2006 and applicable law and have elected to prepare Bank financial statements in accordance with UK accounting standards and applicable law (UK Generally Accepted Accounting Practice), including FRS101 Reduced Disclosure Framework. Under company law the Directors must not approve the financial statements unless they are satisfied that they give a true and fair view of the state of affairs of the Group and Bank and of their profit or loss for that period. In preparing each of the Group and Bank financial statements, the Directors are required to: select suitable accounting policies and then apply them consistently; make judgements and estimates that are reasonable, relevant and reliable; state whether Group financial statements have been prepared in accordance with international accounting standards in conformity with the requirements of the Companies Act 2006; state whether, for Bank financial statements, applicable UK accounting standards have been followed, subject to any material departures disclosed and explained in the financial statements;

Highlight [page 72]: assess the Group and Bank's ability to continue as a going concern, disclosing, as applicable, matters related to going concern; and use the going concern basis of accounting unless they either intend to liquidate the Group or the Bank or to cease operations, or have no realistic alternative but to do so. The Directors are responsible for keeping adequate accounting records that are sufficient to show and explain the Bank's transactions and disclose with reasonable accuracy at any time the financial position of the Bank and enable them to ensure that its financial statements comply with the Companies Act 2006. They are responsible for such internal control as they determine is necessary to enable the preparation of financial statements that are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error, and have general responsibility for taking such steps as are reasonably open to them to safeguard the assets of the Group and to prevent and detect fraud and other irregularities. Under applicable law and regulations, the Directors are also responsible for preparing a Strategic Report and a Directors' Report that complies with that law and those regulations. The Directors are responsible for the maintenance and integrity of the corporate and financial information included on the company's website. Legislation in the UK governing the preparation and dissemination of financial statements may differ from legislation in other jurisdictions.