
Highlight [page 10]: Corporate governance with the requirements of n1e Waies Corporate Governance Principles for The Directors consider they have complied Large Private Colilpanies, as set out below.

Highlight [page 11]: Purpose, leadership and board composition The Directors of Bell way Homes Limited are the Group Chief Executive and Group Finance Director who form part of the Bellway p.l.c. board (the 'Board') The Board 1s the principal decision-making body of the Company and is collectively responsible to shareholders for promoting the long-term success of the Group. At the date of this r\'!pOrtthe Board consists of six directors whose names, responsibilities and other details cart be found .in the Bellway p.Lc. 2021 Annual Report and Accounts. Currently two of the directors are executive and tour are non-executive. The Board sets the strategic aims, ensures that the necessary resources (including finances, people and materials) are in place for the Cpmpany to meet these objectives and also reviews management perfom1ance. It defines the Company's values and standards and em;ures that its obligations to its shareholders are understood and met. • The Board has put in place a structure which allows it t.o provide entrepreneurial leadership pf the Company and to delegate authority rot operat1onal matters through a framework of prudent and effective controls, wh1ch enable risk to be assessed and managed. The Board has tcinnally constituted.Audit, Nomination and Remuneration Committees. The terms of reference for these committees are avaiiable. either on request from the Group General Counsel and Company Secretary, at the AGM or on our website: ww,v.bellwayplc.co.uk. Director respoi1sibiH(ies The Directors of Belhvay Homes are the Group Chief E~ecutive and Group Finance Director. The.ir responsibilities are as follows: • Group Chief Executive • Impiementing the strategy 11greedby the Board. • Leading .the Executiv\'.! Directors, the Group General Cpu1'sel and Company Secretary and Utesenior management team in the day-to-day running ofthe Company's business. • Ensuring °the effective implementation of Board decisions. • • Reviewing the Company's organisational structure and recommending changes as appropriate. • Supervising the activities of the Regional Chairmen a·nd divisional senior management, overseeing their development and succession planning. • • Qyerseeing Company operations. • Approving land purchases within specified limits. • Overseeing divisional expansion plans. • Providing coherent leadership of the Company, including representing the Company to customer;;, suppliers, • government, shareholders, financial institutions, employees, the media, the co.mmunity and the ·general public.

Highlight [page 11]: Overseeing the health and safety, sales and marketing, public relations and technical departments.

Highlight [page 12]: Group Fimmce Director ■ Devising and implementing the financial strategy and policies of the Company including treasury and tax. Developing l;>udgetsand financial plans. ■ Responsible for tlieCompany's sustainabiiity and ESG strategy • Overseeing the sust.ainability, finance, IT 1.mdrisk departments. Opportunity and risk The principal risks and uncertainties facing the Company are the same as those facing the Groµp headed by Bellway pJc., further details ofthese nsks are included in the Bellway p.1.c.2021 Annual 'Report and Accounts. Remuneration The Directors apply the same Rert11.111erat1onPolicy for the Company as that used by the Group, details of which can be found in the Bellway p.l.c. 2021 Annual Report and Accounts. The Directors' Remuneration Policy is aligned with the principles within the 2018 UK Corporate G9veti1apce Code and these principles are taken into account in frs implementation.