
Highlight [page 18]: Corporate Governance The Board recognises the importance of good corporate governance to ensure that business is conducted with integrity and with due regard to the interests of all stakeholders. Under the Companies (Miscellaneous Reporting) Regulations 2018, the Board has been guided by and applied the Wates Corporate Governance Principles for Large Private Companies (the "Principles") during the financial year ended 31 December 2021. A description of how the Board has applied the Principles has been outlined below. Principle 1. Purpose and Leadership An effective board promotes the purpose of a company, and ensures that its values, strategy and culture align with that purpose. It is understood by the Board that purpose guides culture and provides a framework for consistent decision making. As a subsidiary of BlackRock, Inc., the Board shares the purpose developed by the BlackRock board of directors and considers how best to implement that purpose in the Company's values, strategy and culture. The Company's purpose - to help more and more people experience financial well-being - reflects the belief that BlackRock has an important role to play in helping improve people's lives. BlackRock has a responsibility to millions of people around the world, and an urgent social purpose. By improving the relationship people have with their money, BlackRock can help improve their financial well-being - and their overall well-being. BlackRock's vision and strategy, while initially set by BlackRock, Inc., is designed to consider specific jurisdictions and markets. The Board has delegated responsibility in the first instance for corporate strategy to the Head ofEMEA, who formulates the strategic objectives of the Company within the risk tolerance set by the Board; develops business plans, budgets and operating strategies; and defines financial objectives, plan and budgets for the Company. The Head of EMEA partners with the Head of the UK and the EMEA Head of Corporate Strategy to develop strategic objectives that are suited to the UK market. The Board receives regular updates from the Head of EMEA on corporate strategy, industry trends and areas of strategic focus. The Company's strategy is regularly communicated with the workforce by way of executive announcements from senior leaders and employee townhalls. The Board has a strong understanding of BlackRock's culture because it is the foundation for the Company's strategic plans; and remains engaged, provides informed and honest guidance and feedback, and maintains an open dialogue with management based on a clear understanding ofBlackRock's strategic plans. Management monitors culture, examples of such include employee surveys, absenteeism rates, exit interviews and board feedback sessions; and reports to the Board periodically. Employees are encouraged to report concerns relating to business integrity through established whistleblowing processes, and anonymised concerns are reported to the Board on a quarterly basis.

Highlight [page 19]: Principle 2. Board Composition Effective Board composition requires an effective Chair and a balance of skills, background, experience and knowledge. Directors should have sufficient capacity to make a valuable contribution to the Board. The size of the Board should be guided by the scale and complexity of the Company. The size of the Board is guided by the scale and complexity of the Company. Careful consideration is given to the size and structure of the Board so that it is appropriate to meet the strategic needs and challenges of the organisation and enables effective decision-making. The Board believes that its size and structure is imperative to achieving the diversity of thought, experience and expertise necessary to oversee the Company's large and complex business. The range of insights and experience provided by the diverse Board supports the broad scope and multifaceted nature of the Company's business and strategic growth areas, which include index funds, illiquid alternatives, retirement solutions and technology services. The Board comprises a Chair, Chief Executive Officer, Chief Operating Officer, Chief Risk Officer, and five non-executive directors (in addition to the Chair), three of which are independent. Appointments to the Board promote diversity in line with the Equalities Act 2010, and the Board has committed to maintaining a minimum of 30% female representation in its composition. As at the signing date, the gender balance of the Board is 5 male and 4 female. The Company maintains separate Chair and Chief Executive roles to ensure that there is a balance of responsibilities, accountability and effective decision-making. The Chair leads the Board and is responsible for its overall effectiveness, promoting open debate and facilitating constructive discussion. The Chair ensures that all directors have appropriate information and sufficient time for meaningful discussion. The Chair is supported by the corporate secretariat in the provision of timely information and preservation of good communication flows between management and the Board. The Nominations Committee oversees the director nomination process and assists the Board in identifying individuals qualified to become Board members and recommends new director nominees to the Board. In doing so, the Nominations Committee regularly reviews the overall composition of the Board and its Committees to ensure there is diversity of thought, experience and expertise necessary to oversee the Company's current and future business and strategy. The Nominations Committee also leads the annual review of Board performance, reflecting emerging best practice and regulatory expectations, and recommends areas for future improvement and focus to strengthen overall Board performance and succession planning. The Company demonstrates a commitment to ongoing professional development of the Board through the delivery of annual training sessions for statutory directors and Senior Managers, at which, legal, regulatory and governance priorities are discussed with subject-matter experts. There is an indu.ction programme for all new Board members which is tailored to their specific experience and knowledge. Furthermore, training sessions for non-executive directors are held at least twice a year. Principle 3. Directors' Responsibilities A board should have a clear understanding of its accountability and terms of reference. Its policies and procedures should support effective decision-making and independent challenge. BlackRock are vocal advocates for the adoption of sound corporate governance policies that include strong Board leadership and strategic deliberation, prudent management practices and transparency. The Board understands that clear corporate governance policies, practices and company leadership, all working together, promote effective stewardship to deliver long-term value. The Board is guided by its terms of reference, which provide a framework for the governance of the Company and the responsibilities of the Board. The terms of reference address matters reserved for Board decision, Board processes, access to management and independent advisors and the annual performance evaluations of the Board and Committees. As corporate governance practices evolve over time, the Board reviews its terms of reference and other governance policies annually, and approves or updates them as necessary. Additionally, both the Board and management recognize that creating long-term value for the Company's shareholders requires consideration of the concerns of the Company's other stakeholders and interested parties including clients, employees and the communities in which BlackRock operates.

Highlight [page 20]: The Board has established Committees to effectively fulfil governance obligations owed to the Company. The responsibilities of the Committees, including decision-making authority and escalation processes, are outlined in the Committees terms of reference which are reviewed annually by the Board. The Committees meet regularly and report to the Board on how they have discharged their duties in accordance with their terms of reference. A brief description of each Committee's role is outlined below: • • The Audit Committee assists the Board in meeting responsibilities related to ensuring the integrity of the Company's financial reporting, the effectiveness of the Company's internal controls, monitoring the effectiveness and objectivity of the Company's internal and external audit processes, reviewing whistleblowing arrangements, and reviewing assurance reports. • The Nominations Committee reviews the composition and effectiveness of the Board to ensure that the Board is comprised of individuals who are best able to discharge the duties and responsibilities of directors. • The Risk Committee provides leadership, direction and oversight of the overall risk management framework in place for the Company. The Conflicts Oversight Committee assists the Board in meeting responsibilities for overseeing the framework for the identification and management of conflicts of interest and the implementation of strategy, policies and procedures with regards to conflicts of interest. • In addition, the Company's Capital Committee, comprising senior executives, assists the Board in overseeing capital management and capital planning processes. The Board has established formal and robust internal processes to ensure systems and controls are operating effectively, and the quality and integrity of information provided to it is reliable, enabling directors to monitor and challenge the performance of the Company and make informed decisions. The Board receives regular and timely information on all matters required to maintain oversight and control of the Company's business including risks and opportunities, the Company's financial performance, strategy, operational matters, market conditions and sustainability. All information provided to the Board is prepared by subject-matter experts with the relevant experience and skills necessary to ensure that the integrity of the information and impact to the Company. Where deemed necessary, the Board has access to independent advice to verify the information received or potential impact to the Company. The Board also receives assurance from independent functions such as Internal Audit, Compliance and the External Auditor on the effectiveness of internal controls and the integrity of financial information. Principle 4. Opportunity and Risk A Board should promote the long-term success of the Company by identifying opportunities to create and preserve value and establish oversightfor the identification and mitigation of risk The Board promotes the long-term sustainable success of the Company by identifying opportunities to create and preserve value and establishing oversight for the identification and mitigation of risks. The Board considers and assesses how the Company creates and preserves value over the long-term. This requires the Board to consider both tangible and intangible sources of value, and the stakeholders that contribute to it. The Head of EMEA and EMEA Chief Operating Officer provide an update at each meeting detailing key business initiatives and future plans for value creation, and non-executive directors receive regular business updates from management. Approval of material new business opportunities is a matter reserved for Board decision. The Board has responsibility for the Company's overall approach to risk management, including reputational risk. The Board has delegated risk oversight to a Risk Committee, which is supported by a sub-committee, the Enterprise Risk Management Committee ("the ERMC"). The ERMC designs, reviews, implements and monitors the risk management framework to ensure the effective management of all significant enterprise risks. The Board approves the Company's risk appetite annually and receives regular updates from the Chief Risk Officer on risk-taking relative to performance within the EMEA region. Key risks have been outlined previously in the Strategic Report.

Highlight [page 21]: Principle 5. Remuneration A Board should promote executive remuneration structures aligned to sustainable long-term success of a company, taking into account pay and conditions elsewhere in the Company. The Board promotes executive remuneration structures that align to the long-term, sustainable success of the Company. Remuneration is aligned with performance, behaviours and the achievement of the Company's purpose, values and strategy. The Board understands that appropriate and fair levels of remuneration help the Company secure and retain high-quality management and workforce. The Company's executive remuneration structures are subject to the BGL Remuneration Policy, and the Board has delegated the authority to perform various remuneration functions to the Management Development and Compensation Committee ("MDCC"), which is the global, independent remuneration committee for BlackRock, Inc. and its subsidiaries and which supports the Board (and the boards of other EMEA regulated entities) in discharging their remuneration-related obligations. In addition: • the Board reviews and approves various remuneration-related items which relate to both the Company and the BGL group, including: • the BGL Remuneration Disclosure (which forms part of the annual BGL Pillar III disclosure document); • the list of BGL Material Risk Takers / FCA Remuneration Code Staff and exclusions from that list (approved twice each year) and the approach to identifying and excluding such individuals; and • other items which are reviewed and approved periodically, including the BGL Remuneration Policy and the rationale for not applying certain elements of the FCA Remuneration Code (which BlackRock's UK regulated entities, including the Company, can decide not to apply if they consider it appropriate); • the Board receives periodic management information and other updates from HR on remuneration-related topics and processes, including matters reviewed and approved by the MDCC. In addition, HR facilitate an annual discussion between the MDCC Chair and the non-executive directors of the Board on remuneration matters; and • the Board also receives a summary of the findings and recommendations arising from the annual independent remuneration review conducted by external legal counsel. Principle 6. Stakeholder Relationships and Engagement A Board has a responsibility to oversee meaningful engagement with material stakeholders, including the workforce and have regard to that discussion when taking decisions. The Board has a responsibility to foster good relationships based on the Company's purpose. The Board presents to stakeholders a fair, balanced and understandable assessment of the Company's position and prospects in the Company's annual financial statements, and BlackRock, Inc.'s proxy statement. The Board is clear that good corporate governance and effective communication are essential on a day-to-day basis to deliver the Company's purpose to protect the Company's brand, reputation and relationships with all stakeholders including shareholders, customers, employees, suppliers and the local communities in which we work. The Board ensures that there are channels to receive appropriate feedback from discussions with stakeholders. The Board's considerations in this respect is outlined in the sl 72 disclosure included previously in the Strategic Report, and highlights of the Company's stakeholder engagement practices include: • Management engage with the workforce in quarterly, firmwide townhall meetings; • Employees are encouraged to provide feedback by completing regular employee opinion surveys; • Client-facing business areas engage with clients daily to understand priorities and concerns; • Sourcing and Vendor Management maintain good relations with the Company's suppliers; • Compliance maintains the Company's relationship with regulators through formal means such as the Supervisory Review and Evaluation Process ("SREP") and ICARA processes, ru:idinformally though regular calls, interviews and meetings; and

Highlight [page 22]: BlackRock Investment Stewardships manages the framework for engagement with companies in which BlackRock invests and publishes the team's engagement priorities annually.