
Highlight [page 8]: Board Governance With respect to Corporate Governance, the Board has chosen to use the Wates Corporate Governance Principles for Large Private Companies for guidance. These Principles provide a code of corporate governance for companies to raise awareness of good practice and over time help improve the standards of Corporate Governance. They support the Directors in meeting the requirements of Section 172 Companies Act 2006 by providing guidance in the following areas: Purpose and leadership; Board composition: Director responsibilities: Opportunity and risk: Remuneration: and Stakeholders. Engaging with stakeholders to deliver long term success is a key area of focus for the Board and in all the decisions made, the potential impact on stakeholders is taken into account. Evidently, different stakeholders are impacted by, or benefit from, different decisions. However, it is the Board's priority to ensure that the Directors and key management personnel have acted both individually and collectively in the way that they consider, in good faith, would be most likely to promote the success of the Group for the benefit of its members as a whole and in accordance with the matters set out in paragraphs a-f of Section 172 Companies Act 2006.

Highlight [page 9]: a) The likely consequence of any decision in the long-term; and; e)The desirability of the company maintaining a reputation for high standards of business conduct The board approves an annual budget and Three Year Profitability Summary, and monitors performance throughout the year using detailed reports of operating and financial data. This includes monitoring progress against key strategic projects (both long and short-term) as well as considering the allocation of capital to support the Business Plan. In approving the strategy, the Directors also consider external factors such as competitor behaviors, the performance of the housebuilding industry, as well as the evolving economic, political and market conditions. The Directors take the reputation of the Group seriously which is not limited to only operational and financial performance. The Board has committed to having a workforce that more accurately reflects modern day society and this is part of the Equality and Diversity policy. The Company also has well defined policies on anti-slavery and anti-bribery and corruption. Moreover, the Board has also considered the data and narrative surrounding the Group's Gender Pay Reporting including proposed plans to enhance performance. Bloor Homes Limited is committed to the principle of equal opportunities and equal treatment for all employees. b) The interest of the Company's employees The Directors understand the importance of the Group's employees to the long-term success of the business and are proud of the record of retaining staff through high levels of satisfaction, evidenced by the large number of long-serving employees. The health and safety of the Group's employees (and other stakeholders) is absolutely paramount and the Directors review performance in this area, across all sites, at each scheduled meeting. The Group regularly communicates to its employees via presentations and internal Company-wide emails. Bloor Homes Limited is committed to equipping staff with the required level of training in order to facilitate their development. Learning and development opportunities are provided relevant to job roles and individuals. Moreover, all employees can access a summary of the online learning Courses. Bloor Homes Limited has a subscription with a service provider, which allows all employees to access (for free) a telephone and online well-being portal where assistance is available around wellbeing and mental health awareness, legal or financial matters amongst other subjects. c) The need to foster the company's business relationships with suppliers, customers and others The Board regularly reviews how the Group maintains a positive relationship with all of its stakeholders, including suppliers, sub-contractors and others. There is a very collaborative relationship between the Company and its suppliers and subcontractors, including regular meetings at Group and regional level. The Group are proficient at communicating any salient updates to the supply chain on a timely basis. The Directors understand the importance of the Group's supply chain in developing the long-term plans of the business. One of the ways that effective relationships with our supply chain are ensured is to pay them on time, which the Company is proficient at.

Highlight [page 10]: d) The impact of the company's operations on the community and environment In addition to understanding and having regard to the interests of the aforementioned stakeholders, the Company is committed to reducing the environmental impact of the business evidenced by the fact that it recycles waste material wherever possible. Waste to landfill is closely monitored through KPls. For instance, through participation in specific timber and plasterboard recycling schemes. The Company also makes significant contribution to green spaces on and off site relating to our developments and employs an in house team dedicated to ensuring that these are well planned and sustainable for the needs of the communities. The Company strives to make a positive impact on the Community. The Directors are very proud of the positive impact that our business has on areas local to development sites, through S106 contributions and also donations to local charities and organisations. Bloor Homes Limited also recognises its health and safety duties and responsibilities and complies with all relevant health and safety legislation. Bloor Homes Limited abides by working condition regulations and has never received any penalties for contravening these regulations. Regular external and internal audits as well as other internal reviews are performed in order to ensure that the Group are compliant with employment regulations. The Directors take very seriously their responsibility of ensuring the Group is a good corporate citizen. Businesses create wealth that, through taxes, delivers investment which leads to a fairer and more prosperous society. We are proud of the part we play in our industry's contributions through its economic activity. f) The need to act fairly as between members of the Company The Company's brand is over 50 years old. The business as it is today is one hundred per cent family owned and in recent years the business has been run by family members. The Group interfaces with family members on a regular basis through Group Board meetings, corporate events etc.