
Highlight [page 11]: Board Governance With respect to Corporate Governance, the Board has chosen to use the Wates Corporate Governance Principles for Large Private Companies for guidance. These Principles provide a code of corporate governance for companies to raise awareness of good practice and over time help improve the standards of Corporate Governance. They support the Directors in meeting the requirements of Section 172 Companies Act 2006 by providing guidance in the following areas: Purpose and leadership; Board Composition; Director responsibilities Opportunity and risk; Remuneration; and Stakeholders. Engaging with stakeholders to deliver long term success is a key area of focus for the Board and in all the decisions that we make, we take into account the potential impact on stakeholders. Evidently, different stakeholders are impacted by, or benefit from, different decisions. However, it is the Board's priority to ensure that the Directors and key management personnel have acted both individually and collectively in the way that they consider, in good faith, would be most likely to promote the success of the Group for the benefit of its members as a whole and in accordance with the matters set out in paragraphs a-f of Section 172 Companies Act 2006.

Highlight [page 12]: a) The likely consequence of any decision in the long-term; and; e) The desirability of the company maintaining a reputation for high standards of business conduct The board approves an Annual Budget and Three to Five Year Profitability Summary, and monitors performance throughout the year using detailed reports of operating and financial data. This includes monitoring progress against key strategic projects (both long and short-term) as well as considering the allocation of capital to support the Business Plan. In approving the strategy, the Directors also consider external factors such as competitor behaviours, the performance of the housebuilding and automotive industries, as well as the evolving economic, political and market conditions. The Directors take the reputation of the Group seriously which is not limited to only operational and financial performance. The Board has committed to having a workforce that more accurately reflects modern day society and its Equality and Diversity policy. The Group also has well defined policies on anti-slavery and anti-bribery and corruption. Moreover, the Board has also considered the data and narrative surrounding the Group's Gender Pay Reporting including proposed plans to enhance performance. The Group is committed to the principle of equal opportunities and equal treatment for all employees.

Highlight [page 13]: b) The interest of the Company's employees The Directors understand the importance of the Group's employees to the long-term success of the business and are proud of our record of retaining staff through high levels of satisfaction, evidenced by our large number of long-serving employees. The health and safety of the Group's employees (and other stakeholders) is absolutely paramount and the Directors review performance in this arena, across all sites, at each scheduled meeting. The Group regularly communicates to its employees via presentations and internal organisation-wide emails. We are committed to equipping our staff with the required level of training in order to facilitate their development. Learning and development opportunities are provided relevant to job roles and individuals. Moreover, all employees can access a summary of the online learning courses. The Group has a subscription with a service provider, which allows all our employees to access (for free) a telephone and online well-being portal where assistance is available around wellbeing and mental health awareness, legal or financial matters amongst other subjects. c) The need to foster the company's business relationships with suppliers, customers and others The Board regularly reviews how the Group maintains a positive relationship with all of its stakeholders, inclu_dingsuppliers, sub-contractors and others. The Directors monitor how the dealers engage with customers by performing regular customer satisfaction surveys. The results of the survey are reviewed by senior management on a regular basis and the findings are used to improve customer engagement. There is a very collaborative relationship between the Group and its customers, suppliers and subcontractors, including regular meetings at Group and regional level. The Group assists our motorcycles dealers in attracting and retaining customers by ensuring a high level of brand recognition through significant investment in marketing expenditure. The Group are proficient at communicating any salient updates to the supply chain on a timely basis. Moreover, all motorcycle dealers are periodically invited to a Global Conference where new models, financial performance, industry trends etc. are discussed. Additionally, key information about our products is disseminated to dealers so that they can share with the customers. The Directors understand the importance of the Group's supply chain in developing the long-term plans of the business. One of the ways that we can ensure effective relationships with 0Iir s11rrly chain is to pay them on time, which we are proficient at. The Directors actively seek information on the interaction with stakeholders to ensure that they have sufficient information to reach appropriate conclusions about the risks faced by the Group and how these are reflected within the long-term plans.

Highlight [page 14]: d) The impact of the Company's operations on the community and environment In addition to understanding and having regard to the interests of the aforementioned stakeholders, the Group is committed to reducing the environmental impact of our business evidenced by the fact that we recycle waste material wherever possible. Waste to landfill is closely monitored through KPls. For instance, we take part in specific timber and plasterboard recycling schemes. We also ensure that wastage is kept to a minimum in the production of our motorcycles. We are constantly looking for ways in which we can make our motorcycles more environmentally friendly and emit less carbon emission. The Group also makes significant contribution to green spaces on and off site relating to our developments and employs an in house team dedicated to ensuring that these are well planned and sustainable for the needs of the communities. The Group strives to make a positive impact on the Community. The Directors are very proud of the positive impact that our business has on areas local to development sites, through S 106 contributions and also donations to local charities and organisations. The Group also recognises its health and safety duties and responsibilities and complies with all relevant health and safety legislation. The Group also abides by working condition regulations and has never received any penalties for contravening these regulations. Regular external and internal audits as well as other internal reviews are performed in order to ensure that the Group are compliant with employment regulations. f) The need to act fairly as between members of the Company The Bloor Homes brand is 50 years old whilst Triumph Motorcycles is 119 years old. The business as it is today is one hundred per cent family owned and in recent years the business has been run by family members. The Group interfaces with family members on a regular basis through Group Board meetings and corporate events.