
Highlight [page 8]: Corporate Governance For the year ended 31 December 2021, under The Companies (Miscellaneous Reporting) Regulations 2018, BOC Limited (the "company") complied with the Wates Corporate Reporting Principles for Large Private Companies, published by the Financial Reporting Council in December 2018 and available on the FRC website. BOC Limited, is a wholly-owned subsidiary of its ultimate parent undertaking, Linde pie, and as such, elements of its corporate governance framework are set and managed by Linde pie. BOC Limited, is managed by a statutory board of directors (the "Board") and a Management Committee (the "RLT"). BOC Limited's day to day corporate governance arrangements are managed by the RLT and these apply collectively across most UK operating entities within Linde's UK group. Corporate governance We have set out below how the Board and RLT has complied with the principles over the past financial year and highlighted where we follow the Linde pie group corporate governance framework. Principle 1 - Purpose and Leadership The Linde pie board believes that the 'tone at the top' drives the supporting culture throughout the organisation. BOC Limited operates by and promotes Linde pie's core values of Safety, Integrity, Accountability, Inclusion and Community which defines our vision, purpose and expected behaviours ("Values"). The Linde pie group's code of business integrity and programme of compliance training has been cascaded across all its entities worldwide and all employees are trained as part of their initial induction and receive periodic refresher training. The Linde pie group's Values are embedded in our operations and influences the way we carry on our business, from the selection, management and reward of our employees through to regular top-down communications and bottom-up feedback channels. Board members and the RLT receive feedback from senior management within the Linde pie group. Company policy follows the Linde Values in encouraging consultation with employees on matters of concern to them. In addition, communications with individual employees is achieved through one-to-one meetings, employee surveys, e-mail communication and personal appraisal sessions, and collectively through business briefings, information bulletins, briefing meetings or sessions with senior management and participation on forums, safety committees and trade union negotiating committees. Employee engagement measurement ensures that the RLT can monitor the levels of visibility and understanding of the purpose, direction and culture of the business. Principle 2 - Board Composition During 2021, the BOC Limited statutory board included the UK Business President and senior members of the finance and legal functions, supported by its company secretary.

Highlight [page 9]: Board meetings are convened to consider corporate, statutory and material transactions. For all Board meetings, a chair is elected at the beginning of each meeting and formal procedures are followed with respect to supporting papers and approvals in line with best practice and Companies Act requirements. Directors update their skills, knowledge and familiarity with all operational, legal and regulatory requirements through briefings from functional heads and subject matter experts, and attend training as required. The RLT, consisting of Board members and other members of senior operational and functional management, is instrumental in setting, and responsible for managing, the business strategy in line with the wider strategies set by Linde pie. The size and composition of the Board and RLT is considered appropriate given the nature of the company, the broad range of its business operations and its position within the Linde pie group. The RLT is chaired by the UK Business President and offers a constructive forum to provide updates on business issues and risks, oversight across operational matters and to make informed decisions. There are no independent non-executive members on the Board or RLT. However, given that BOC Limited is a subsidiary within the Linde pie group, we believe there is a sufficient level of independent challenge and rigorous review by the parent company over the strategy, approach and decision-making process within the company. The Board and RLT remains committed to making BOC Limited an ever-more inclusive environment which should increase diversity over time at the most senior levels. Principle 3 - Directors' responsibilities Each member of the Board and RLT has a clear understanding of their accountabilities and responsibilities. New members appointed to the Board and RLT are briefed on their specific responsibilities and are supported by existing Board and RLT members, and also benefit from the ongoing support of the legal and company secretarial functions. Board meetings are held as required to meet statutory, legal and corporate governance obligations. The RLT schedules regular monthly meetings, plus ad hoc additional days for strategic planning and other focus areas. During 2021, weekly RLT meetings were held to address and proactively manage the impact of, and BOC's response to, the COVJD-19 pandemic. The RLT receives monthly reports, as part of a monthly standing agenda, that includes key commercial and operational performance reporting, financial and safety information. As part of the monthly meetings, the RLT reviews all key aspects of the business including safety, business operational and financial performance, its people agenda, and other areas of strategic importance. Principle 4 - Opportunity and Risk The Company seeks new business opportunities whilst mitigating risk. Opportunity Long term strategic opportunities are captured as part of each business area's planning and horizon scanning process and is factored into a strategic and financial planning process. The Linde pie group actively works to define industry trends, such as hydrogen mobility and clean energy, and works to direct and align activity that supports these trends in individual operating companies. Short term opportunities are managed by each business area with senior management and RLT members and may be subject to wider group controls and approvals, dependent upon the size and nature of the opportunity. Risk Principle risks, their impact and associated mitigating actions and management controls are reviewed by the UK Internal Audit Committee ("UKIAC") on a quarterly basis and submitted through the Linde pie group-wide risk management system. The UKIAC includes members of the Board, key members of the RLT and senior management.

Highlight [page 10]: he company's principal risks, their mitigations and management controls are outlined in the company's risk register and a summary is provided in the strategic report. A list of emerging risks is managed by the UK Business President. An emerging risk is included on the principal risk register once its likelihood of occurrence and impact becomes material to the company's business. An internal control framework is embedded throughout the company's and Linde's UK operations and includes the delegation of authorities, processes, procedures and structures for the wider Linde pie group. These assist management and ultimately, the Board to achieve its objectives and help to ensure that the company's business conduct is ethical and the company's assets, including its people and brand, are safeguarded. The framework also ensures that BOC Limited's financial reporting is reliable and that the company remains compliant with applicable laws and regulations. Linde's internal audit function also carries out a series of audits against BOC's information management system protocols to ensure a level of compliance over key safety and operational legal standards. Comprehensive and detailed financial reporting is reviewed by the RLT on a monthly basis. Principle 5 - Remuneration The remuneration framework and structure for Linde's UK group is aligned to the long-term sustainable success of the Linde pie group and is set by Linde pie's Human Capital Committee or in accordance with national trade union agreements. The Linde pie Human Capital Committee's charter can be viewed under: https://www.linde.com/-/media/linde/merger/documents/corporate-governance/human-capital-committee-charter.pdf The remuneration of the company's directors is disclosed in the notes to the financial statements. Our annual gender pay gap report is published on our website under https://www.boconline.eo.uk/en/about-boc/boc-pol icies-and-processes/ge nder-pay-gap-repo rt/index. htmI. Principle 6 - Stakeholder relationships and engagement The Board and RLT recognises the impact its decisions can have on its internal and external stakeholders and understands the importance of fostering effective engagement with its stakeholders, including its suppliers, customers, employees, and the community in which the company operates. Further information on the company's stakeholders and its engagement methods can be found under the S172 section in the Strategic Report, published on our website under https://www.boconline.eo.uk/en/about-boc/boc-policies-and-processes/section-172-statement/index. html.