
Highlight [page 4]: REPORT (CONTINUED) orporate governance statement Wates corpo The Company's corporate governance arrangements are consistent with the Wates Principles and the Company is not aware of any departures. Purpose and leadership The Board remains committed to improving corporate governance. Our vision is to continue to champion good books through our interesting bookshops and good bookselling through the excellence of our booksellers. We continue also to build our online presence so that the very essence of Waterstones (and its group companies) is available online and through our app. We have implemented policies and tools to support the execution of our vision. Bookselling proficiency and career progression is a central focus, supported by such initiatives as our Bookseller Development Programme. We work to improve employee engagement including support for mental well-being and refinement of our Code of Conduct. Board composition The size and composition of our Board is appropriate for the scale of the business. Diversity of thought is encouraged through open debate and challenge. The Board is supported by senior management who govern the day-to-day aspects of the business and ensure information is accurate and is conveyed in a timely manner to the board. The Board is committed to supporting an inclusive business and recognise this to be an area of continual improvement. The directors undertake training, as required, to ensure they are kept abreast of legal and regulatory changes. Director responsibilities The Directors appointed all have the appropriate skill set and relevant experience to discharge their responsibilities. The Board delegates certain responsibility to senior executives in the Company and regular management meetings are held; following these, information is collated and cascaded up to the Board, including sales and financial information, operational and employee matters. The Chairman, with support from the Company Secretary, assumes responsibility for the accuracy and timely submission of information to the Board. Key information is verified by external independent groups where appropriate, with our financial statements audited by Ernst & Young. Opportunity and risk The Board meets regularly to take decisions intended to promote the ongoing success of the Company. Key decisions are communicated as necessary following such board meetings to all relevant stakeholders including for example in relation to the health and safety of employees and customers, wider group acquisitions and the Company's investment plans. Strategic opportunities are highlighted at management level and discussed at the board level. Risk management is delegated to management and considered at board level. A summary of our principal risks is included on page 5. The Board actively seeks to mitigate and manage the risks identified. The Board manages risk through internal systems and controls, with rigorous approval processes in place for contracts and expenditure. Focus is given to the data security and I.T. integrity across the Group. Remuneration In determining remuneration policies, the Group's primary objective is to attract and retain talent as this is recognised to be the foundation of the Group's success. Authority for remuneration is delegated to the senior management, with oversight by the Board where appropriate. The Group continues to invest in the career rewards available at all levels. In setting our remuneration policy we ensure we operate in accordance with the law and that our approach adheres to principles of equality and fairness. The Board is committed to the continued improvement in reducing the gender pay gap within the Group. Our functions keep abreast of market trends and benchmark as appropriate.

Highlight [page 5]: Stakeholder relationships and engagement The Chairman of the Bidco board acts as the primary interface between the Company and the Shareholders. Meaningful engagement with its customer base is core to the purpose of the Group, from the service given by booksellers in shops to the central customer service functions and media presence. The Board ensures that the Group has the requisite policies in place to continually improve this relationship. Employee engagement and consultations are conducted regularly through delegated authority, with email communications sent daily and by means of the Company intranet. The Group continually seeks to improve this engagement, notably through training and improving employee benefits. The Group seeks to preserve excellent and collaborative relationships with its suppliers. It abides by agreed commercial terms and works proactively to drive efficiencies to the mutual benefit of all parties. The Group is committed to social responsibility and community engagement. As part of community investment we partner with local and national charities and actively encourage our employees to promote these partnerships. There has been increasing interest from stakeholders as to how climate change will impact companies. As a retail business, the Group's activities have a relatively small impact on the environment when compared to companies that operate in more resource intensive industries. The Group has determined that the most significant future impacts from climate change on its operations will be from energy prices as the Group and global economy transition to greener sources. The Group is committed to improving its impact on climate change by adopting energy efficiency measures and has made considerable investment to improve energy consumption. Please see SECR reporting on pages 7 and 8 for further information. We consider that given the nature of the group's activities and locations that physical climate change presents a relatively low risk to the Group's future business operations. As such, no issues were identified that would impact the carrying values of such assets or have any other impact on the financial statements.