
Highlight [page 24]: CorporateGovernance Effective corporate governance is a key requirement for the Group. For the year ended 31 December 2021, under The Companies (Miscellaneous Reporting) Regulations 2018, British Airways has appliecj the Wates Corporate Governance Principles for Large Private Companies (the "Wates Principles") as its framework for disclosure regarding its corporate governance arrangements. Principle 1 - Purpose and leadership BA's purpose is to connect Britain with the world, and the world with Britain. This is supported by the Company's business plan, which is refreshed and reviewed annually by the Soard. The IAG Group Code of Conduct outlines the key behaviours expected of all employees and provides guidance on how to identify and report concerns. The Code outlines the IAG commitment to placing integrity at the core of all our business activities and applies to all employees and Directors of BA and the other operating companies within IAG. During the year, the Board and Management Committee have been focused on taking the necessary steps to get BA through the COVID-19 crisis and ensuring the Company is in fit shape to compete in the long term. Further detail on the activity during the year is included in the management review and outlook section on pages 2 to 5 of the strategic report. Principle 2 - Board composition In 2021 the Board comprised of two Executive Directors (the CEO and the CFO) and four Non-Executive Directors. Two of the Non-Executive Directors have other executive roles within IAG and two are external to IAG. The roles of Chairman and CEO were combined and it is considered that the two appointed external Non-Executive Directors provide appropriate challenge and scrutiny to the Board's decision making process. Significant financial decisions must be approved by the IAG Management Committee and the IAG Board. In accordance with the Articles of Association, the CEO is appointed by the shareholders. The Board comprises five female Directors and one male Director, and there is a diverse range of experience and skills to enable the Board to effectively fulfil its responsibilities. In accordance with the obligations for appointments and succession set out in the Articles of Association, the majority of members of the Board are United Kingdom nationals. The Directors have equal voting rights. The Board is collectively responsible for the management and effective oversight of the Company's business. The Chairman leads the Board and is responsible for ensuring the overall effectiveness of the Board and to ensure that Directors have access to information in order to inform Board decision making. Some of the duties of the Board are executed partially through committees. There are three Board Committees; the Board Safety Review Committee, the Remuneration Committee and the Sustainability Committee. Membership of each committee is drawn from both the Non-Executive Directors and Executive Directors and includes non-Director attendees. In order to inform the Board of the operations and performance of the business, the Board has access to members of senior management who regularly attend Board meetings. All Directors have access to professional advice and services of the Company Secretary. Directors update their skills, knowledge and familiarity of the business by meeting with employees and by attending appropriate external seminars and training courses. There is an induction programme for all new Directors which provides access to all parts of the business. Principle 3 - Director responsibilities Whilst the Board maintains effective oversight of the Company's business and has ultimate responsibility for major policy and financial expenditure issues, some key decisions are made by members of the Board, committees and senior management with the appropriate • knowledge and experience. Company policies on governance, decision making and delegation ensure that every decision is taken with the right safeguards in place and is underpinned by appropriate considerations and processes. At the IAG level, further oversight and direction is provided by the IAG Board, IAG Management Committee and the IAG Audit and Compliance Committee. IAG carries out detailed risk management reviews under the IAG risk management fram.ewor!<. The Board delegates authority for day-to-day management of the Company to the Management Committee which meets weekly and is chaired by the CEO and whose membership includes the CFO and leaders of each business area. The Management Committee is responsible for considering and recommending to the Board the BA Group's business plans, financial plans, strategic matters, major projects· and programmes (including acquisitions, disposals, joint ventures), other capital investment or divestment decisions and other significant matters affecting the Company. The Board retains responsibility for reviewing the recommendations of the Management Committee and exercises an oversight role, constructively challenging recommendations and the decisions. Where financial approval is also required, this must also be obtained via the capital investment approval process.

Highlight [page 25]: Corporate Governancecontinued The Board aims to meet eight times per year. During 2021, there were 10 meetings, which were well attended. The Board receives regular and timely information on all key aspects of the business,including business risks and opportunities, the financial performance of the business, strategy, operational matters, safety, market conditions and sustainability, supported by Key Performance Indicators. Key financial information is collated from the Group's accounting systems and the finance function is appropriately qualified to ensure the integrity of this information. Financial controls are reviewed by the IAG internal audit function. • The Board agrees on how conflicts of interest should be identified and managed by the Company Secretary, with the conflicts register being reviewed regularly and interests authorised at each meeting of the Board. Principle 4 - Opportunity and risk Opportunities Long term strategic opportunities are identified through the business planning process which includes input from all areas of the business. The three-year financial plan is presented to the Board for approval each year. • lntemal control framework IAG complies with the Spanish corporate governance requirement regarding reporting on internal controls. The Group has an internal control framework to ensure it maintains a strong and effective internal control environment This is independently assessed by the IAG internal audit function on an annual basis with results reported to the BA Board and the IAG Audit and Compliance Committee. The Board is responsible for ensuring findings are remediated and the effectiveness of the framework was regularly reviewed by the Management Committee during the year. Business controls are reviewed on an ongoing basis by the IAG internal audit function through a programme based on risk assessment Professionally qualified personnel manage the department with experience gained from both inside and outside the industry. A risk-based audit plan, which provides assurance over key business processes and commercial and financial risks facing the Group, is approved by the IAG Audit and Compliance Committee half-yearly. The Board considers significant control matters raised by management and both the internal and external auditors. Where weaknesses are identified, the BA Board ensures that management takes appropriate action. Risk management IAG has an Enterprise Risk Management policy which sets out a framework for a comprehensive risk management process and methodology, ensuring a robust assessment of the risks, including emerging risks. BA manages its risks within the IAG framework, supported by risk management professionals in IAG. Risk owners are responsible for identifying risks in their area of responsibility. All risks are assessed for likelihood and impact against the Group business plan and strategy and are plotted on a risk heatmap. Key controls and mitigations are documented including appropriate response plans. Every risk has appropriate Management Committee oversight Internal control and risk management systems in relation to th.e Group's financial reporting process and the process for the preparation of consolidated financial statements are in place. This year, in response to the pandemic crisis, the risk management framework has further evolved to develop BA's assessment of the interdependencies of risks, built on scenario planning to quantify risk impact under different assumptions and consider the risks within BA's risk map that have increased either as a result of the external environment or as a result of decisions made by the business in response to the external environment. The process adopted this year has helped the BA Board and . management to respond quickly to the new and rapidly changing risk landscape, enabling clear understanding and.identification of emerging risks arising from the impact of the pandemic and how the pandemic has affected existing risks included within BA's risk map. Additional controls that were identified as a result of changes to the control environment such as staff on furlough or working from home, were implemented. There were no changes in risk management and internal control systems over financial reporting that have occurred during the year that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect. the Group's financial reporting. The risk heatmap is reviewed twice yearly by the BA Management Committee and the IAG Head of Enterprise Risk Management to ensure that risks are appropriately evaluated and any further actions identified. This is then reported to the BA Board to assist in the management of risk. This comprehensive risk management process and methodology has been in place throughout the reporting period to which these statements apply and up to their date of approv2I. The principal risks and uncertainties that are reviewed by the Board are detailed further on pages 7 to 15 of the strategic report Principle 5 - Remuneration • The Remuneration Committee is responsible for setting remuneration for the Management Committee (excluding the CEO and CFO which are set by IAG). Remuneration is aligned to individual performance and behaviours, as well as achievement of BA's purpose, value and strategies and is set at a market competitive level to ensure that BA can attract and retain quality senior management The Remuneration Committee is chaired by a Non-Executive Director and has clearly defined terms of reference. Further information relating to remuneration is set out in the People section on page 23.

Highlight [page 26]: Principle 6 - Stakeholder relationships and engagement Information relating to the Board's engagement with key stakeholders is set out in the Section 172 statement on pages 15 to 19 and in the People section below. The Group has an independent whistleblowing hotline through which stakeholders are encouraged to report any concerns for investigation by senior management