
Highlight [page 86]: Corporate Governance report Purpose and leadership Pursuant to the Companies (Miscellaneous Reporting) Regulations 2018, the company applied the Wates Corporate Governance Principles for Large Private Companies during the year. Our Board has therefore continued throughout the year, to build upon best practice corporate governance appropriate to a company of our size, recognising that robust corporate governance practices underpin effective management of the business which are in the best interests of all our stakeholders. The Board is focused on its principal role to promote the success of the company. In doing so, the Board considers a range of factors and stakeholder interests. Purpose Cadent's new purpose "Keeping people warm, while protecting the planet" is true to the heart of the service Cadent provides whilst focusing on the company's commitment to sustainability and net zero; helping to meet the dual social needs and environmental needs of the customers and communities that Cadent serves. The Board is satisfied that this is readily understandable to our customers, our stakeholders and our workforce. Every aspect of Ca dent's operations serve to achieve the purpose. This includes Cadent's ongoing transformation which this year has seen the mobilisation of our new contracting model for mains replacement and continuing r,rogress against the People Framework introduced in 2021 to facilitate a happy, engaged workforce to deliver for our customers. The Board receives regular reports and presentations from the Executive Team and Network Directors in relation to this to enable it to provide stewardship over the manner in which the workforce is directed to fulfil the purpose. Fundamental to realising the purpose is delivery of the Future of Gas Programme, which encompasses the company's strategy to decarbonise energy and develop pathways that will help the UK to achieve net zero. In playing a leading role on the path to net zero Cadent will provide future benefit to its customers as well as promoting the long-term sustainability of the company. The Board maintains oversight through regular reports and presentations from the Chief Executive Officer, Chief Operating Officer, Chief Strategy and Regulation Officer and their teams. Additionally, the Board, through its commitment to additionally scheduled strategy days, is able to build on existing knowledge and provide considered input to steer and guide the company in pursuance of the programme. Values and Culture Cadent's values and culture reflect the positive attitude and approach we expect our employees to adopt in all that they do in assisting the company to deliver its commitments. Establishing the right culture and values has been an integral part of Cadent's transformation journey. Our new purpose is underpinned by a new set of values - we work together; we take responsibility; we drive performance; we shape the future - and behaviours that support them. In addition. the Force for Good framework makes clear the social impact we aim to achieve and the way in which our employees can contribute to this through our initiatives and targets to assist vulnerable customers and those facing fuel poverty; focus on equality, diversity and inclusion ambitions (supported by our employee communities); fundraising for our employee chosen charitable partner and employee volunteering days; as well as our environmental targets with the management of general waste being an area where all employees can make a difference. Our ethical framework, 'Always Doing the Right Thing' remains as a clear indicator of the high standards of conduct expected. The Board has spent time considering Cadent's evolving values and culture and the approach taken by management to encourage and promote employee engagement. In doing so, it has received updates on the significant programme of workshops underway to embed the new values and behaviours into Cadent culture and, through the Sustainability Committee, has been able to monitor progress made against the Force for Good framework through regular performance reporting. The Board welcomes the clear direction provided by management on employee culture and values which builds on and complements the ethical framework in place. The Board will continue to provide oversight as the new aspects of Cadent's culture and values are further embedded. Strategy One of the Board's key leadership roles is to help develop the company's strategy and business model to generate long-term sustainable value. The Company's strategy for the RIIO-2 period was set through the RIIO-2 price control process, with the Board overseeing the formulation of the ambitious business plan submitted to Ofgem, which was ultimately the subject of Ofgem's Final Determination as modified by the outcome of the company's appeal to the Competition and Markets Authority. In this first year of the RIIO-2 period. the Board monitored progress against the str;;itf!gic objectives set: delivering a quality experience for all of our customers; providing a resilient network to keep the energy flowing; tackling climate change and improving the environment; being trusted to act for our communities and turning insight into action through reports and presentations from the members of the Executive and Senior Management teams. In doing so, it was able to gain assurance of the company's delivery against the strategic objectives set. Strategic thinking and planning for the RIIO-3 period is already underway. A plan for Board engagement has been reviewed and endorsed by the Board, which as before, will engage with the company at every step of the process. The Board has also continued to provide input and oversight to the company's future of gas programme, which is key to the company's long-term success and net zero ambitions. You can read more about this under 'Purpose· above. The strategy, along with the company's values. supports appropriate behaviours and practices within the workforce. Board oversight and stewardship is facilitated by the presence and experience of the combination of our Nominated Non-Executive Directors and Sufficiently Independent Directors. See pages 62 to 66 under the section 172 statement for further details of purpose and leadership. Board composition Each of our Directors bring a wealth of experience, knowledge and expertise to the company. They have a balance and depth of skills and diverse backgrounds which are critical for the effective leadership of the company for all stakeholders and to mitigate against 'group thinking'. Chair Our Board is led by our Independent Chairman. Sir Adrian Montague CBE. who is responsible for the effective running and management of the board.

Highlight [page 87]: Our Chairman works closely with the General Counsel and Company Secretary to ensure all Directors have appropriate information for each board meeting and sufficient time is allocated for meaningful and constructive discussions. The roles of Chairman and Chief Executive Officer are separate, with clear divisions in responsibilities. Balance and diversity The composition of the Board is partly determined by the Shareholders' Agreement. Of particular note is the experience the Board has in the areas of the regulated utility sector, infrastructure, safety, sustainability, government and regulation. To read more about our Directors' skills and experience. please read their biographies on pages 78 to 82. For further reading about diversity and inclusion within our company please refer to page 36. We acknowledge that the Board may benefit from more gender diversity, however the Board does not operate a formal Board Diversity policy or set targets for gender representation on the Board, since Board appointments are a matter reserved to the shareholders of TopCo, under the Shareholders' Agreement. Our shareholders are. of course, encouraged within their own organisations to consider Board diversity when nominating Directors to the Board. Size and structure Our Board Composition The names and biographies of all the Board of Directors on the company are published on pages 78 to 82. As at 31 March 2022. the company Board comprised the following: Non-Executive Chairman and Sufficiently Independent Director*: Sir Adrian Montague CBE. Appointed in accordance with the agreement between the shareholders of the company's ultimate parent company, Quadgas Holdings TopCo Limited ('TopCo'). continued Sufficiently Independent Directors*: (2) Dr Catherine Bell and Paul Smith. It is a requirement of our Gas Transporter Licence to appoint two "sufficiently independent directors", to provide independent challenge and input to the Board. (Our Chairman is also a sufficiently independent director). Executive Directors: (3) Chief Executive Officer - Steve Fraser, Chief Financial Officer -Anthony Bickerstaff and Chief Operating Officer-Howard Forster. Shareholder Nominated Non-Executive Directors: (11) nominated by TopCo. representing members of the consortium of investors inTopCo. General Counsel and Company Secretary: Diane Bennett. Alternate Directors: (4) appointed in accordance with the agreement between the shareholders of TopCo Limited to participate in Board meetings when their principal Shareholder Nominated Director is unable to attend. Board Activities The Board planned and held seven formal meetings during the year and the following ad hoc meetings: • Strategy days in July and December 2021, focusing on Cadent's Future of Gas Programme. • Two meetings to provide updates on the appeal to the Competition and Markets Authority against aspects of the RIIO-2 Final Determination. • Two strategic sessions on Cyber Security. Several of the Board members, in particular the Committee Chairs, also devote significant time to their role outside of, and between, the scheduled Board and Committee meetings. This includes meeting with members of the management team and the company's external advisers to guide and support the work discussed at the formal meetings.

Highlight [page 88]: Effectiveness In September 2021 the Board commenced a review of Board effectiveness. This exercise, led by the Chairman, focused on the effectiveness of changes to Board and committee structure and processes implemented following the externally facilitated internal self-assessment undertaken in May 2020 as well as inviting Board members to raise any other matters of Board management which they wished to be included. Following receipt and consideration of feedback, the Chairman presented his report to the Board in November 2021. There was general agreement that the formation of independent Safety and Sustainability Committees had been a positive step forward, allowing the right level of time and attention for consideration of these important areas. A number of suggestions had been made to improve further the functioning of the two new committees through additional agenda items as well as the resumption of site visits following the relaxation of COVID restrictions, all of which were being actioned by the Committee Chairs. With regard to the Finance Steering Committee (reconstituted from the Finance Committee), the Board considered whether finance matters should be dealt with exclusively at the Board. However, recognising the benefit of technical scrutiny of matters such as the inflation hedging programme, before they are brought to the Board for decision, it was agreed that review by the Steering Committee should continue. • All new processes introduced to further enhance information sharing had worked well. Some further items were added as a result of the review, including the introduction of a narrative Chief Operating Officer's report to supplement the extensive operational data provided. The Board also considered how further engagement with operational managers might be achieved and suggested steps to address this. In addition, all committee terms of reference were reviewed, and proposed amendments approved. Development and training During the year, our Directors continued to develop their knowledge of the business and kept abreast of their duties as Directors. Development was achieved through a combination of the following: • briefings and technical detail provided throughout the year in papers and presentations at Board and Committee meetings; • a cyber security briefing session in June 2021: • two Strategy days, in July 2021 and December 2021; and • safety-oriented site visits, a deep dive session on cyber security and ESG training; all in September 2021. In addition, an induction programme was arranged for the new Chief Financial Officer, Anthony Bickerstaff and new Non-Executive Director, Andrew Marsden. We recognise that the Directors, in their roles as Directors or members of a committee, may need to·take independent professional advice to perform their duties, and this option is available to them if required. Director responsibilities The Board and each Director understand their accountability and responsibilities, and work with executive management to ensure that company policies and practices support effective decision-making to deliver long-term value. Accountability Board responsibilities The roles of Chairman and Chief Executive Officer are separate, with clear divisions in responsibilities: G) 0 • The Chairman is responsible for the effective running and management of the Board; working collaboratively with the shareholders and management team. • The Chief Executive Officer is responsible for the day-to-day management of the business. The key roles and responsibilities of the remaining Directors are as follows: • The Chief Financial Officer is responsible for the financial objectives and performance of the company. • The Chief Operating Officer is responsible for operational performance. • The Sufficiently Independent Directors are responsible for providing independent judgement on issues and constructive challenge on Board decision-making processes, particularly in the following key elements: • strategy: to challenge constructively and to contribute to the development of strategy including in relation to the increasing importance of the UK's move toward carbon net zero and the future of gas in that context: • performance: to scrutinise the performance of management in meeting agreed goals and objectives and to monitor the reporting of performance; • risk: to scrutinise and challenge accuracy of financial information, and access whether the financial controls and systems of risk management seem robust and defensible, based upon the presentations and information made available to them by management and the company's internal and external auditors; • safety and ethics: to support and promote a positive 'tone from the top' on health and safety and ethical leadership; and • people: to be responsible for determining appropriate levels of remuneration of Executive Directors and to have a role in appointing, and where necessary removing, senior management and in succession planning. • The Non-Executive .Shareholder Directors are appointed in accordance with the Shareholders' Agreement and are responsible for providing constructive challenge to the Board's decision-making process including in respect of those areas which the sufficiently independent directors focus on. An additional key part of the Non-Executive Directors' role is to support executive management in developing and remaining focused on the longer term strategy for the business, including the future of gas, as well as to keep under review the principal and emerging risks to the successful execution of the strategy.

Highlight [page 89]: The Board is supported by the General Counsel and Company Secretary who provides advice on corporate governance matters as well as legal advice. The Board continually reviews our internal corporate governance practices and external developments in corporate governance and seeks the advice of the General Counsel and Company Secretary implementing sound and effective corporate governance practices. Conflicts of interest Given the composition of the Board, with Non-Executive Shareholder Nominated Directors, we are aware that potential conflicts of interest may arise. Our Directors are conscious of their statutory duties in relation to conflicts of interest and their duty to make the Board aware of any situations which may create a conflict of interest. The General Counsel and Company Secretary maintains a register of Directors' interests and the Board reviews and considers any potential conflicts of interest as they arise. Commitment During their employment with the company, the Executive Directors are required to gain the prior agreement of the Board before accepting and providing any services or agreeing to provide any Directorships to any other business. The Chairman and other Sufficiently Independent Directors serve under letters of appointment. where they have confirmed that they are able to devote sufficient time to meet the expectations of their roles. Group policies framework An executive-level Policy Committee oversees the operation of the policy framework and ensures policy review at the appropriate frequency and forum (including the Board for several Group policies). The company operates several Group policies that reflect appropriate governance for a company of its size and standing; these include ethical business conduct. anti-corruption and bribery; whistleblowing; data protection: social media; records management; health and safety: environmental; gifts and hospitality and HR policies and processes. The Board has also approved the Group's tax strategy statement for the year, which has been published on the company's website: https://cadentgas.com/about-us/our-company/ corporate-governance Delegations of Authority The Board has approved a matrix of Delegations of Authority that sets out which key matters (within clearly defined monetary limits) may be authorised at various levels of the governance framework, from those matters reserved to the investor shareholders ofTopCo, to those reserved to the Board, or delegated to the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Finance Officer and sub-delegated to other members of management.

Highlight [page 89]: Committees The Board has established several committees to carry out specific duties. This allows the Board to operate more efficiently, concentrating on providing leadership and decision-making for the business. We are dedicated to making sure that both the Board and its committees are clear on their roles and are supported to ensure the Board can provide an appropriate level of focus and consideration to relevant matters. Each of our committees has Board-approved terms of reference setting out their respective remits, and these terms of reference are kept under regular review including to reflect emerging best practice. The Board and Committee governance framework can be found on page 77. You can read about each committee in the committee reports that follow this section. Integrity of information We recognise the importance of providing the Board with timely, concise and quality information to enable them to provide leadership and decision-making for the company, taking account of its long-term interests and its stakeholders. We see this as a two-way information flow between the Board and business and to be effective we have put in place good governance practices around the Board meetings and the information provided to those Board meetings. It is important to the Board and business that information is shared at the appropriate time to gain effective input from the Board. Our Chairman is supported by the Company Secretariat to arrange the annual schedule of Board and Committee meetings and the business to b·econsidered. Before each meeting, typically a week ahead, the Board and Committees receive a detailed agenda and papers. The papers are drafted and sponsored by Senior Executives within the company and, where required, Senior Executives will be invited to the meeting to present and discuss the matters contained in their paper. We follow a pre-set template for Board papers to allow consistency of reporting, enable a focus on the key matters and for the Board to be clear about what is being asked of them. During our meetings, the Directors may request additional actions to be taken and those actions are agreed by the Board and a follow-up procedure, managed by the Company Secretariat team, ensures their completion. Outside of the formal Board and Committee meeting cycle, two strategy days are scheduled to allow appropriate time for consideration and oversight of the company's net zero ambitions and future of gas programme. Also, additional briefings and meetings are scheduled, as and when necessary, as was the case this year given the importance of ensuring the Board was appropriately briefed in relation to the appeal to the Competition and Markets Authority on aspects of the RII0-2 Final Determination and for the purpose of deep dives on areas of focus, such as cyber security. The Board also engages with and obtains information directly from certain stakeholders to complement and provide independent assurances, to balance the information in the reports of management- see our Section 172 Statement on pages 62 to 66 for more information.

Highlight [page 90]: Opportunity and risk Responsibilities The Board continues to focus on the long-term opportunities of success for the business, by identifying the key role it plays in helping to shape the future of its industry. Opportunity The Board has considered how the company, in fulfilling its purpose. creates and preserves value over the long term. Our business model is set out on pages 6 to 7 and the Board keeps this under periodic review. The Board retains strategic oversight of the company's future of gas programme as it plans for a hydrogen future and the manner in which this contributes to meeting the overriding challenge of UK Government's ambitions on net zero. Stewardship is provided by the Board to encourage the company to create, pursue and utilise opportunities to move the company in a way which will help secure long-term value. You can read more about the way in which we are supporting the energy transition. over which the Board has stewardship, and the key collaborative projects with which we are involved at pages 48 to 54. At the same time the Board remains fully cognisant of the need to balance these ambitions with the fundamental business requirement to deliver for our customers today by ensuring our infrastructure is operated and maintained safely, and that our response services are still effective and efficient as possible, all within the agreed price control framework. Our Delegations of Authority (described on page 86 above) set authority limits on significant capital and operational expenditure. Risk The Board has responsibility for the company's overall approach to strategic decision-making, setting the company's appetite for risk and effective risk management (financial and non-financial), including reputational risk. The Board assigns its responsibility for ensuring that risk management and internal control systems are effective across the business, to the Audit & Risk Committee. The Committee annually reviews the company's risk appetite and profile, risk management processes. internal controls and receives regular internal audit and related compliance reports. (These include compliance with our licence conditions which is recognised as a principal risk and reviewed as part of the routine compliance process. The Audit & Risk Committee also receives regular reports on specific and emerging risks and how these are managed, through the operation of the risk management system. To read more about our risk management model and our principal risks and uncertainties. please read the Financial Review and risk management section of the Strategic report on pages 12 to 16 and 68to 73. The Board, supported by the Audit & Risk Committee. maintains oversight over the company's internal control framework and is supportive of management's ongoing plans to enhance this and strive for continuous improvement of the framework. As stated above, regular reports are provided to enable the Audit & Risk Committee and Boord to gain an understanding ofthP. principal and emerging risks and to make robust decisions and plans monitored to conclusion. For more information see pages 94 to 98 on the Audit & Risk Committee report. G) 0 Remuneration A separate Directors' Remuneration Committee report is set out on pages 101 to 103 and provides details of the Remuneration policy, level and components of remuneration and procedure for fixing the individual remuneration packages of Executive Directors and members of the Executive Committee. The Board has established a Remuneration Committee to support its decisions with regard to remuneration, and you can read about the work of the Committee in the Directors' Remuneration Committee report on pages 101 to 103. Succession The Board has an established Nomination Committee to consider and make recommendations to the Board for the long- and short-term strategy plans for succession of our Executive Directors, members of our Executive Committee, other senior Executives reporting to the Chief Executive Officer, our Chairman and Sufficiently Independent Directors. For more information see pages 97 to 100 on the Nomination Committee report. Stakeholder relationships and engagement The Board is committed to stakeholder engagement and the Directors take their responsibilities and duty to them under Section 172 of the Companies Act 2006 seriously. You can read more about the Board's approach to stakeholder engagement in our Section 172 Statement in the Strategic report on pages 62 to 66.