
Highlight [page 14]: Statement of corporate governance arrangements

Highlight [page 14]: The Wates Corporate Governance Principles for Large Private Companies (the Wates Principles) were published by the FRC in December 2018 as voluntary corporate governance principles for large private companies and is available on the FRC website. The Wates Principles are intended to be the key code for companies that have 2,000 employees and/or a Statement of Financial Position total of more than £2bn and turnover of more than £200m which are required to publish a Statement of Corporate Governance Arrangements from periods beginning on or after 1 January 2019. Good corporate governance is fundamental to the Group's success and we have in place a strong and effective governance framework and practices to ensure that high standards of governance, values and behaviours are consistently applied throughout the Group. Set out below are disclosures regarding corporate governance arrangements and how we have applied the 6 Wates Principles over the past year. 1. Purpose and Leadership We believe in doing right by our people, our customers, our society and our planet. We embrace our responsibility to deliver the best possible outcomes by making people happier in their environments, ensuring safety and compliance come as standard, enabling safe everyday life, and building better communities. As a group of expert facilities management businesses, we have the ability and freedom to operate in a way that always delivers the right results for our customers. We're built on strong foundations of expertise, trust, a proven track record, and financial stability. Each sector leading business in the Group - cleaning, security, catering, and environmental compliance - has its own core purpose to improve the environments it delivers in, all contributing to our principal philosophy of doing the right thing. 2. Board Composition The composition of the Board and changes during the year is set out in the Report of the Directors. The Board believes it has an appropriate balance in regards to the size and nature of the business. The Directors are highly experienced business leaders and frequently consider the interests of a broad range of stakeholders (including employees) in their decision-making processes.

Highlight [page 15]: 3. Board Responsibilities The Board is committed to ensuring that it provides leadership to the Group as a whole, having regard to the interests and views of its shareholders and other stakeholders. It is also responsible for setting the Group's strategy, values and standards. The Board is responsible for the effective leadership, operation and governance of the Group. Directors contribute effectively in the development and implementation of the Group's strategy whilst ensuring that the nature and extent of the significant risks the Group is willing to embrace in the implementation of its strategy are determined and challenged. The Directors, together, act in the best interests of the Group devoting sufficient time and consideration as necessary to fulfil their duties. Each Director brings different skills, experience and knowledge to the Group. 4. Opportunity and risk Each company in the Churchill group seeks to capitalise on opportunities (for example through new services and partnerships) while mitigating risks where possible. 5. Remuneration The Directors develop, maintain and implement remuneration policies. The overriding objective of such policies is to attract and retain high-calibre individuals with a competitive reward package based on the achievement of corporate performance targets. These are linked to individual performance and accountability, and supports the Group's commitment to high values while rewarding long-term value creation. The Directors ensure that levels of compensation across the Group are sufficiently competitive to retain talent. 6. Stakeholders The Board is committed to effective communications with its shareholders and engagement with stakeholders and this is discussed within the stakeholder disclosure of Section of the S172 (1) statement.