
Highlight [page 12]: The Company and its board of directors ("the Board") is committed to and has applied the principles of corporate governance contained in the Wates Corporate Governance Principles for large private companies for the period ended 31 December 2021. Further explanation of how each principle has been applied is set out below. The disclosures below focus on the governance arrangements within the circle Group that have been continually in place during the year, except where noted by exception. Purpose and leadership The Board and Company have regular communications with stakeholders. The key stakeholders and the specific forum for engagement are listed below: • Patients - patient feedback forms, complaints management policies, provision of infonnation to Private Healthcare Information Network ("PHIN") whose role it is to provide independent information to patients about private healthcare providers • Regulators - frequent relationship meetings with CQC, HlS and HIW and communication via Independent Healthcare Provider Network ("IHPN") • Employees - Employee Voice Forum ("EVF") and employee engagement programme • Consultants - Medical advisory committees within each hospital ("MAC") chaired by a Hospital Clinical Chair • NHS - local relationships with Trusts and NHS commissioning bodies (CCGs / ICBs), and central relationships with NHS England and other national NHS bodies • Insurers - relationships and regular engagement with the commercial team • Suppliers - relationships and regular engagement with the procurement team The Directors have established the following purpose statement for the Circle Group "To provide the high quality, safe and compassionate care our patients need and expect" supported by the principles of: • "we believe that patients come first"; • "we believe in our people"; • "we believe that 'good enough' never is"; and • "we believe in being open-minded and innovative". and also supported by the following values: • "we value people who are selfless and compassionate"; • "we value people who are collaborative and committed"; • "we value people who are agile and brave"; and • "we value people who are tenacious and creative". The Company is committed to building a culture which encourages staff to speak up safely. During 2018 we relaunched our "Raising Concerns at Work" policy and established the role of"Freedom to Speak Up Guardian". "Freedom to Speak Up" leads were appointed in each hospital and have the support of their local management teams, the Circle Group's guardian and our Chief Medical Officer who has Executive responsibility for "Freedom to Speak Up". The Company has various policies to mitigate the risk of conflicts of interest including the conflicts of interest and anti-bribery and corruption policies supported by a mandatory training programme. In addition, all healthcare professionals are required under their individual professional registrations to conduct themselves in an ethical manner and in the best interests of patients. Relationships between the Group and medical consultants are disclosed on the Circle Health Group website. There are examples of how the directors have considered their duties in relation to s 172 b), in the manner in which it engages with employees.

Highlight [page 13]: Board composition The Company's board have been directors of the Company throughout the period covered by these accounts. All the Directors have healthcare experience and/or other relevant professional skills and experience. Directors' responsibilities During the period, the Circle Group had a clearly defined Quality and Assurance Framework which defines the roles of the Executive Committees and sub-Committees. The Board was supported by the Governance Committee, the Operations Committee and Medical Advisory Committee, which report to it. Terms of Reference were established for each of these committees. The Company is now part of the integrated governance arrangements of the Circle Group. Opportunity and risk The Company is part of the Circle Health Holdings Limited Group and alongside other companies in (he Circle Group continually seeks opportunity to create value for stakeholders from growth in activity and improvement in financial result, using the existing assets of the Company and through investment in new facilities, equipment and technology. The risks that threaten these opportunities have been described earlier in this risk, and are under active management through the Company's risk management systems. Remuneration On any new senior appointment the board consider the market and remuneration packages are commensurate to the role. Short term incentive arrangements are based on the quality and performance of business. The market conditions are reviewed on a regular basis. The Circle Group's Gender Pay Report 2021 is available on the website. Stakeholder relationships and engagement There are various mechanisms for collecting information to inform the Board's view of the Company impact on stakeholders. Information about patients is obtained from various clinical indicators and patient reported outcome measures (PROMS). The Circle Group monitors its impact on the environment through review of the carbon emissions reporting (see further information on this elsewhere in the Directors' Report). Other stakeholder engagement mechanisms are set out in the first principle above around Purpose and Leadership.