
Highlight [page 8]: Statement of corporate govemance arrangements For the year ended 30 April 2022, under The Companies (Miscellaneous Reporting) Regulations 2018, the Company has applied the Wates Corporate Governance Principles for Large Private Companies that was published by the Financial Reporting Council in December 2018. Set out below are the six Principles referred to and how the Company has applied them. Principle 1 - Purpose and Leadership The Company was incorporated on 2 February 1938 and traded as an electrical wholesaler through a single store in Coventry, UK. In 1951, the Company was acquired by Tom Mackie, who expanded the branch network over many years, resulting in currently over 390 stores located throughout the UK. The Company has remained within the sole ownership of the Mackie family and is now run by Tom Mackie's grandson, Thomas Hartland Mackie, as Chairman of the Board. The Company's purpose is to provide outstanding service and support to our customers through our Store Network and On Line Business and by combining extensive product and brand choice, with local, personal service, technical support and free delivery. Principle 2 - Board Composition The Company has a separate Chairman and Chief Executive to ensure that the balance of responsibilities, accountabilities and decision making across the Company are effectively maintained. The Chairman has a pivotal role in ensuring the effectiveness of the Board and individual directors. The Board comprises a Chairman, Chief Executive, Finance Director and four other directors, including two from the Mackie family. The number of directors and its composition is appropriate to a business of our size. The Board is diversified with three of its seven directors being female. The non-family members of the Board have all been with the Group for over 25 years and bring with them a vast wealth of skills, knowledge, experience and understanding of the business that enable them to effectively manage the Company's business needs and shareholders' interests. Principle 3 - Director Responsibilities The Directors and Senior Management team of the Company meet three times a year in order to manage all aspects of the business. Representatives of the shareholders and family members are also invited to these Senior Management Meetings as observers. The meetings include ensuring that the Company's Corporate Responsibility Policy is carried out effectively. This policy covers Health and Safety, Compliance with the Law (including Anti-Bribery, Competition Compliance and Data Protection policies), the Environment Oncluding Recycling), the Market Place in which we trade (including Ethics and Modem Slavery policies), helping the community (including charitable support) and Employees (including Equality and Diversity policy, career development and training). In addition to those Senior Management Meetings, separate Board Meetings are held throughout the year when required. Principle 4 - Opportunity and Risk The Board takes a long term view in considering opportunities that will lead to the long term success of the Company to the benefit of its stakeholders, including shareholders and employees. In reaching those decisions, the Board takes into account appropriate levels of risk. Principle 5 - Remuneration Remuneration of the Company's Directors and employees is based on performance throughout the year. Remuneration levels are regularly reviewed by Directors and the Senior Management team to ensure that the Company continues to remunerate employees fairly and that it remains competitive with the industry.

Highlight [page 9]: Principle 6 - Stakeholder Relationships and Engagement The Board is committed to building and maintaining good relationships with all of its stakeholders, including customers, suppliers, employees and shareholders, as well as supporting industry bodies such as the Electrical Distributors' Association. Trustpilot and other customer reviews are obtained on a regular basis to help enable the Company to remain focused on providing customers with market leading products, service and support. Maintaining good relationships with the Company's many suppliers is very important and there is regular engagement with suppliers by the Company's Senior Management team. The Company holds a biennial conference to which stores managers and other senior stores staff are invited, in addition to regular meetings with senior managers held throughout the year. These enable employees to be appraised of the strategy of the Company, as well as enabling employees to give feedback on any matters.