
Highlight [page 28]: Our governance }} Dear Shareholder, I am pleased to introduce the Group's corporate governance report. One of my key responsibilities is to ensure the Group maintains high standards.of corporate governance and to review the corporate governance structures, including the various Board committees, to erisufe they continue to be appropriate to the size and complexity of the Group as the business evolves. • As Chairman, I lead the Board of Directors and have primary responsibility to provide the necessary leadership, inputand guidance to the Company and the Board in restoring the business to a level of sustainable profitability that creates long-term shareholder value. I also have responsibility for steering the Board agenda to ensure it focuses on the important operational and financial matters. The current Board has the appropriate blend of skills, capabilities and experience to deal with the challenges faced by the business. Industry knowledge, supported by financial experience, is particularly important for the Group at this time of global uncertainty resulting from high inflation, the war in Ukraine and supply shortages. The Board is in turn supported by significant expertise within our wider leadership team, including a series of new appointments and internal promotions to energise our future strategy. , • The Board _hasadopted The Wates Corporate Governance Principles. As a Board we believe that by complying with those principles the Group has an appropriate level of governance for its current stage of development, as well as providing a suitable framework in the medium to long term. The Wates Principles support the Group's approach to managing risks and transparent communications with stakeholders. Where appropriate, this corporate governance statement and report have been prepared to comment on the application of The Wates Principles and to address the disclosure requirements recommended by it. In keeping the corporate governance structures under review, during the period we have continued to recognise the importance of the Audit and Risk, Remuneration and Nomination Committees. We reviewed the terms of reference for the Audit and Risk Committee and have also reviewed the list of matters specifically reserved for decision by the full Board. Overall, this structure will ensure proper independent scrutiny and challenge and support the delivery of the growth strategy. During the period, the Group's corporate governance arrangements were unchanged with the structure and members of the Board and committees remaining the same. Kevin Clancy Chairman

Highlight [page 28]: Governance Report }} Dear Shareholder, The Board is responsible for ensuring the highest standards·of corporate governance and for promoting Clancy's long-term success. The Board The roles of the Chairman and Chief Executive Officer are separate with each having clearly defined duties and responsibilities. The Chairman provides leadership to the Board. He is responsible for chairing the Board meetings and for setting the agenda for the Board meetings (in consultation with the Chief Executive Officer) and ensuring that the Board has sufficient time to discuss issues on the agenda, especially those relating to strategy. The Chairman is also responsible for ensuring that the Directors receive all the necessary information and reports. He is also responsible, along with the Chief Executive Officer, for ensuring that the appropriate standards of corporate governance are effectively communicated and adhered to throughout the business. The Chief Executive Officer is responsible for leadership of the Group's management and employees on a day-to-day basis. In conjunction with the Operating Board, the Chief Executive Officer is responsible for the implementation of Board decisions. During the financial period, the composition of the Board has been unchanged. As of the date of this Annual Report, the Board comprised the Chairman (Kevin Clancy), two Executive Directors (Matthew Cannon and Nick Blaber) and two Non-Executive Directors (Ian Gray and Mary Clancy). Details of each Director's background and experience can be found on pages 28-29. The Board's mix of skills and business experience is important to the Company at this stage of its development and ensures an informed review and debate of performance and strategy. Each Director is responsible for keeping their skills up to date and relevant to being a director of a listed company.

Highlight [page 29]: Role of the Board The Board meets regularly, and directors are supplied with a comprehensive Board pack before all Board meetings, which includes the agenda, previous minutes, detailed financial information and all other supporting papers necessary to have a fully informed discussion. The Board ensures that the necessary changes are being effected and investment is made to achieve Clancy's strategic priorities. Day-to-day operational and financial management is delegated to the Operating Board, which meets monthly. Operation of the Board The Board meets regularly and there were 11 scheduled Board meetings during the period. Any specific actions arising during meetings agreed by the Board are followed up and reviewed at subsequent Board meetings to ensure their completion. The Board also keeps in close contact between formal meetings and conducts ad hoc meetings as required. If a director is unable to attend a Board meeting, the Chairman will canvass his or her views in advance and ensure that the director is promptly advised of the outcome of the matters under discussion. All directors act in the best interests of the Company consistent with their statutory duties. The business at each scheduled Board meeting includes regular reports from the Chief Executive Officer and the Chief Financial Officer covering business performance, markets and competition, health and safety, as well as progress against strategic objectives and capital expenditure projects. The Board also considers reports from functional heads from across the group. Board Committees The Board has delegated certain responsibilities to the Audit and Risk Committee, the Remuneration Committee, and the Nomination Committee. Each Committee operates according to its own terms of reference. Audit and Risk Committee The Audit and Risk Committee has primary responsibility for monitoring the quality of internal controls, ensuring that the financial performance of Clancy is properly __measured, ensuring the integrity of the financial statements, and reporting and reviewing reports from Clancy's auditor relating to Clancy accounting and internal controls, in all cases having due regard to the interests of shareholders. Further information on the Committee is set out in the relevant report on page 30. Remuneration Committee The Remuneration Committee determines remuneration for the Executive Directors and senior managers in the Group. Further information on the work of the Committee is set out in the Directors' Remuneration Report on page 31. Nomination Committee The Nomination Committee recommends the appointment of Directors and senior executives and is responsible for succession planning. Further information on the work of the Committee is set out in the Directors' Nomination Report on page 31 Internal controls and risk management Clancy has in place a system of internal financial controls commensurate with its current size and activities. Remuneration Commitee Nomination Commitee Audit& Risk Commitee 8 5 3 7 5 3 5 8 3 5 4 3 The Board has overall responsibility for Clancy's system of internal control to safeguard the Group's assets and shareholders' interests. The risk management process and systems of internal controls are designed to identify the main risks that the Group faces in delivering its strategy and growth plan and ensure that appropriate policies and procedures are in place to minimise these risks to the Group, including the establishment of appropriate business continuity planning arrangements. The Group maintains a risk management register which is reviewed and discussed every six months with the Operating Board and the Chairman of the Audit and Risk Committee. The Board has considered the effectiveness of the system of internal control for the period ended 3 April 2022 and up to the date of the signing of the Annual Report and Accounts. The Board will continue to develop and implement internal control procedures appropriate to Clancy's activities and scale. The Board recognises that an essential part of its responsibility is the effective safeguarding of assets, the proper recognition of liabilities and the accurate reporting of results. The Group has a comprehensive system for regular reporting to the Board. This includes monthly management accounts, functional reports and an annual planning and budgeting process. Financial reporting compares results against budget and against the prior year, and the Board reviews its forecasts on a regular basis. The Board h,;1sestablished a formal policy of authorisation setting out matters which require its approval and are delegated to the Executive Directors and members of the Operating Board. Strategy A description of the Group's strategy can be found in the section on strategic objectives on page 4. Meeting Attendance EJ Kevin Clancy Chairman

Highlight [page 30]: Our team GOVERNANCE REPORT CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS }} Clancy Group Holdings Kevin Clancy Chairman Kevin has worked at the business founded by his father MJ Clancy since 1968, assuming leadership as Joint Managing Director with his brother Dermot in 1984. Since then, with Dermot and Mary, Kevin has led the company's growth to become of the largest privately owned construction businesses in the UK. Kevin and Dermot became Joint Chairmen in 2012 until Dermot's death in late 2019, since which Kevin has continued to lead the business and the company's Board. Mary Clancy Non-Executive Director Mary joined her brothers Dermot and Kevin in the family business in 1974 and is a Non-Executive Director. She also chairs the Clancy Foundation. Matt Cannon Chief Executive Officer Matt was promoted to the role of Chief Executive Officer at Clancy in early 2019 following a 15-year career in the business founded by his grandfather Michael. Since then, he has overseen the establishment of a new leadership team, and led the creation of our refreshed vision and strateg

Highlight [page 30]: Ian Gray Non-Executive Director Ian was appointed Clancy's first independent Non-Executive Director in 2018 as part of the transition to a new generation of family ownership. Since then he has worked with the Board to establish the new group structure and sits as chair of the Audit & Risk, Remuneration and Nomination Committees. Outside Clancy, Ian is a director of a number of companies.

Highlight [page 30]: Nick Blaber Chief Financial Officer Nick joined Clancy in 2017 after moving from senior roles within one of the business' longstanding clients Thames Water. Working with the executive team as part of the Board, he has been instrumental in delivering the business' strategy of financial resilience and investment for the future. David Pegg Company Secretary David joined Clancy in 1993 and has acted as Company Secretary for all companies within the Group since 2004. He also has overall responsibility for insurance, payroll, facilities, security and corporate governance.

Highlight [page 31]: Matt Bailey Executive Director Matt's 25-year career at Clancy has seen him progress from operational roles to overseeing the performance of a portfolio of water and civil engineering contracts across the South. His clients include Thames Water, Southern Water, SES Water and South East Water. Jim Davey Executive Director Jim.works alongside Matt Bailey and oversees the performance of our water, energy and civil engineering business in London, East Anglia and the North of England. His portfolio of clients includes Anglian Water, UK Power Networks, HS2 and Northern Powergrid. Ronan Clancy Executive Director Ronan was appointed to Clancy's executive Board in April 2021 to head up the business' focus on growth and excellence within our heartlands of water and energy, alongside new opportunities in adjacent markets. As Executive Director his position supports the ongoing transition to a third generation of family leadership.

Highlight [page 32]: Audit and RiskCommittee Report)} Dear Shareholder, This report provides an overview of how the Committee operated, an insight into the Committee's activities and its role in ensuring the integrity of the Group's publish~d financial information and ensuring the effectiveness of its risk management, controls and reiated processes. Committee structure The membership of the Committee, which remained unchanged during the period under review, comprises three non-executive directors: Ian Gray as Chairman, Kevin Clancy, and Mary Clancy. The Committee has been selected with the aim of providing the range of financial and commercial expertise. necessary to meet its responsibilities. The Board is confident that the collective experience of the Audit and Risk Committee members enables them to act as an effective Committee. Meetings The Committee met five times during the period under review. I report to the Board, as a separate agenda item, on the activity of the Committee and matters of relevance and the Board receives copies of the Committee minutes. Attendance at meetings of the Committee by non-members is by invitation and at the discretion of the Chairman. The Chief Financial Officer and the external auditor are invited to attend some meetings of the Audit Committee. The Committee also regularly meets separately with the Chief Financial Officer. Roles and responsibilities The main duties of the Audit and Risk Committee are set out in its terms of reference, which have been agreed with the Board. In the period under review Committee discussions included the following key items: • Review of 2021 Annual Report and Accounts Financial reporting (including treatment of leases and Making Tax Digital) • Audit Committee Terms of Reference Tender and appointment of new auditor • Authority matrix • f:uel & fuel card policy, and fuel usage • Company credit cards • External payment processes and BACS payments • Cyber security • Review of the Group risk register External audit plan and strategy for 2022 Annual Report and Accounts. Whistleblowing The Company's Whistleblowing Policy, approved in 2020, encourages and protects legitimate whistleblowing. An independent third-party whistleblowing helpline, secure web portal and mobile app, allows employees to report concerns about individuals who have acted improperly. All contacts are treated confidentially and anonymously if preferred. Non-audit services The Company continues to separate the provision of external audit and annual tax compliance services. External auditor The Company's policy on auditor rotation is to ensure that at least once every ten years the audit services contract is put out to tender to enable the Audit and Risk Committee to compare the quality and effectiveness of the services provided by the incumbent auditor with those of other audit firms. Where such a tender takes place the Committee will oversee the selection process and ensure that all tendering firms have such access as is necessary to information and individuals during the duration of the tendering process. During the year the Committee elected to tender the provision of audit services, and at the end of the process appointed PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP ('pwc') as auditor. To ensure the auditor's independence and objectivity, the Committee annually reviews the Group's relationship with the auditor, and the auditor is required to review and confirm its independence to the Audit and Risk Committee on a regular basis. The Committee is satisfied that the relationship between the Company and pwc is suitably independent. Audit process In advance of each audit, the auditor will prepare an audit plan which sets out the scope of and approach to the audit, significant risks and other areas to be targeted. This plan is reviewed and agreed in advance by the Audit and Risk Committee. Following their review, the auditor presents its findings to the Audit and Risk Committee for discussion. Ian Gray On behalf of the Audit and Risk Committee

Highlight [page 33]: Remuneration Committee Report}} Dear Shareholder, Our approach to remuneration aligns the interests of the Executive Directors and Senior Management Team to the shareholders. Our approach is to attract and retain the best possible people who have the capacity and drive to meet the Group's strategic and fin·ancial objectives. To achieve this we offer them a basic salary and pension contribution that is fair, reasonable and affordable for the Group. They are incentivised to deliver profitability and cash generation by way of a discretionary annual bonus scheme and a long-term incentive plan, which reward the achievement both of annual targets and creation of value over the longer term. Committee structure The membership of the Committee, which remained unchanged during the period, comprises three non-executive directors: Ian Gray as Chairman, Kevin Clancy, and Mary Clancy. Meetings The Committee had eight meetings during the period under review. Attendance at meetings of the Committee by non-members is by invitation and at the discretion of the Chairman. The Chief Executive Officer and HR Director are invited to attend some meetings of the Remuneration Committee. The Committee's role is to ensure that the principles of the Group's Remuneration Policy are aligned with the business strategy and promote long-term shareholder value. Roles and responsibilities The main duties of the Remuneration Committee are set out in its terms.of reference, which have been agreed with the Board. The main items of business considered by the Remuneration Committee during the period under review included: • Review of remuneration strategy The Group's policy on the setting of notice periods under the Executive Directors' service agreements is in line with external market trends and is reviewed by role to protect the Group's knowledge and operations. Only the Remuneration Committee can authorise executive termination payments. andpoiicy • Salary and annual bonus for Executive Directors and other senior managers • Awards to senior managers under the .long-term incentive plan • Critical illness 'claims. Executive Directors' service contracts and termination policy Executive Directors hold a service agreement with an indefinite term and a fixed maximum termination period of 12 months for the Chief Executive Officer, and six months for other Executive Directors. Any payments in respect of termination reflect base salary only and do not include an annual bonus. Each of the Executive Directors is eligible to participate in a discretionary annual bonus scheme a and long-term incentive plan, should one be put in place for any given period. Any bonus payments are at the discretion of the Board and subject to such conditions, including profit after tax, as the Board may determine. Pay for all other employees is based upon external market rates, job role, internal comparators and business impact. Both Clancy's financial and operational performance and each person's personal performance are also considered when setting salaries. Ian Gray On behalf of the Remuneration Committee Nomination Committee Report }} Dear Shareholder, This report provides an overview of how the Committee operated and an insight into the Committee's activities. The Committee is responsible for reviewing the composition of the Boards and the Senior Leadership Team. It also considers succession planning and training. Committee structure The membership of the Committee, which remained unchanged during the period under review, comprises three non-executive directors: Ian Gray as Chairman, Kevin Clancy, and Mary Clancy. Meetings The Committee had three meetings during the period under review. Attendance at meetings of the Committee by non-members is by invitation and at the discretion of the Chairman. The Chief Executive Officer and HR Director are invited to attend some meetings of the Nomination Committee. Roles and responsibilities The main duties of the Nomination Committee are set out in its terms of reference, which have been agreed with the Board. We monitor and regularly review the structure, size, and composition (including the skills, knowledge, experience and diversity) of the Senior Leadership Team and make recommendations for changes. We consider succession planning for Directors and other Senior Executives and the skills and expertise needed in the future. In the period under review the Committee discussions included the following key items: ■ • • Group Organisation Structure Spans and Layers Approval of new roles, such as Head of Sustainability. Ian Gray On behalf of the Nomination Committee

Highlight [page 34]: S172 Statement L----------~ GOVERNANCE REPORT CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS }} Statement of directors' duties to stakeholders In accordance with Section 172 of the Companies Act 2006, the directors report that they have discharged their responsibilities in the following areas: Long term conse·quences of actions As a family-owned business operating mainly under long-term contracts, and even longer-term relationships, the Group is run in the interests of long~term·resilience • and success. The directors always consider the possible long-term consequences of any proposed course of action, including safety and financial impacts and reputation with all stakeholders. The directors believe strongly that the long-term relationship that we have with the majority of our clients, and the experience of much of the leadership team, enabled the business to emerge in a strong post Pandemic commercial position and well placed to now deal with the twin challenges of rising cost inflation and a competitive labour market. The interests of the company's employees Clancy takes a long-term approach to employment, with many long-serving employees and employees from the same family. 2020-21 was an exceptional year in many ways, and the period under review has continued to challenge and test our employees in many new ways. We have been delighted by the positive way in which our team have continued to respond to the challenges, and the level of engagement they have demonstrated. Throughout the year we have continued to build on the initiatives we established in the previous period. A series of live presentations were made by the Executive Team and senior managers, via Zoom, to the entire workforce to update on business performance and current initiatives from both and operating and wellbeing perspective. These are now established quarterly. Celebrating Clancy awards throughout the business continue to give recognition to those demonstrating the behaviours and values we champion. Each business area nominates and chooses its winners, who then progress to a group stage where overall winners are chosen. In October 2021 we were able to hold a socially distanced awards ceremony for over 100 people at the company's headquarters in Harefield. The local award winners for 2022 were announced in March 2022 and we held an enlarged ceremony celebrating the national winners in July. In October 2021 we introduced a new benefit for our weekly paid employees though the provision of group funded Critical Illness cover, providing continuation of basic salary for agreed periods of time where an individual is absent from work due to a critical illness. Relationships with suppliers and customers The Group specialises in working with regulated utilities, where contracts typically run for at least five years and relationships often far longer. The Group enjoys constructive relationships with its customers based largely on the values that, although only recently written down, have long been part of who we are. We aim to have multiple points of contact with each client to ensure that we remain aligned with their expectations. Our independence as a business allows us to prioritise senior relationship-building, making sure that we are accessible, and committed to doing what we say. Our supplier base is wide and includes frameworks negotiated by our clients as well as ourselves. As with our customers, many relationships are long-standing, and we recognise the importance of our supply chain to the success of the business. We aim to treat all suppliers equally, and most importantly to pay them in line with contractual terms. During the year the Group undertook an engagement roadshow with its key suppliers as part of its plan to revise its procurement pre-qualification processes and procedures and ensure that the process was properly communicated and understood ahead of the roll out in October 2021. In this respect, our published Payment Practices and Performance reports show that for the six months to March 2022, the average time to pay suppliers from unrelated companies was 44 days and that 81% were paid within terms. Impact on the community and the environment Community impact is of increasing importance to our utility clients, and we would not be successful in this area if we were not contributing positively to their performance. We continue to focus on: ■ ■ ■ ■ Providing exemplary levels of service to our clients' customers and the wider community Minimising the impact of our works (which can by their nature be inherently disruptive) Providing the operational response to keep our clients' customers in supply at any time and in any conditions Reducing the number of environmental incidents. In 2020-21 we launched the Clancy Charitable Foundation, with the aim of investing more directly in the communities where we operate. In 2021-22 we were delighted to be able to help make a small difference through our charitable donations to several charities including the Lighthouse Construction Industry Charity, Rennie Grove Hospice Care, and the Wycombe Youth Action Trust. In March the Group also offered financial support via a sizeable donation to the Red Cross in support of the work that organisation continues to do in Ukraine.

Highlight [page 35]: Our strategy has environmental impact at the heart, and we are investing heavily in techniques and technologies that will reduce the amount of waste and carbon in our operations. Our target is to achieve net zero emissions by 2030 in line with our customer base in water and energy. Following an exceptional year during the 2020-21 pandemic where emissions fell significantly, we have seen these climb again during the twelve months, albeit still at a lower level than in the pre-pandemic period. Following year end we have strengthened our leadership with the appointment of a new Head of Sustainability" who will take_responsibility - reporting to the board - for overseeing a routemap to net zero carbon in line with our business target. Business conduct As outlined in the statements above, the shareholders and directors of the Group place a high value on the reputation of the business.-: which is primarily influenced by the conduct of its officers. This is best summed up by the value 'we do what we say', and this is the standard that the directors apply to themselves and to others in the organisation to judge what is appropriate. Within contracting, there will always be a tension over how contracts are won, interpreted, and applied, and the tight margins of the sector mean that we need to be commercially robust. However, we believe that the length of our client (and supplier) relationships best demonstrates that we usually strike the right balance. Acting fairly between members The shareholders of the Group are all members of the Clancy family but have differing levels of involvement in the running of the business. In order to ensure fair and equal treatment, the following mechanisms remain in place: • A Shareholders Agreement is in place for Clancy Group Holdings, along with the memorandum and articles, defining the relationship between shareholders and the business. ■ A designated Family NED sits on the Holding Company Board and is the independent conduit for family questions or concerns. ■ The Annual General Meeting includes an update from the directors to members or their representatives on the performance and plans of the business and allows them to question management. ■ A Family Assembly takes place annually, attended by all family members (shareholders or not) and the Board. This meeting receives a presentation from management on company performance, and again invites questions. The Board Nominations Committee, composed of two family and one independent NED, approves the appointment of any family members to posts within the Group, and the Remuneration Committee approves their terms and conditions. Principal risks The business operates in a contracting environment that carries certain inherent risks, and global events over the recent period have been a reminder that not all risks can be anticipated. The Company however maintains a register of known likely risks and reviews its responses periodically to ensure thal it is operating within its risk appetite. This process is overseen annually by the Audit & Risk Committee along with a review of risk. Safety The Group's activities by their nature can be hazardous and the Group continuously monitors its health, safety and environmental performance through regular audits and data analytics. Failure to manage these risks adequately wqyld expose the Group to both reputational damage and financial liability. At all board, executive and operational meetings, health and safety is the first item on the agenda. The board focuses on our safety culture, with zero tolerance of unsafe behaviour, and ensuring that our workforce is trained to undertake our work safely. Contract risk The Group has both long-term and short-term contracts which expose the group to a range of risks. Failure to manage these could expose the business to financial loss or reputational damage. The Group's largest client sector is the regulated water sector, which works to 5-year business plans defined by regulatory price controls and typically aligns its contracting arrangements with these periods. We maintain a long forward order book, with the majority of our work secured for the next 5 years, although those term contracts typically have no guaranteed revenue levels. The length of the contracts allows us to develop mature client/contractor relationships and deal with contractual issues as they arise, and this was amply demonstrated by the collaborative approach we achieved with many of our clients through the lockdowns in the financial period. Contracts in progress are reviewed cumulatively and end life forecasts maintained to identify potential overruns or losses. Where identified, any anticipated loss is recognised in full. People The Group depends on its executive team, management and its highly skilled and motivated workforce. We operate in an environment where ongoing investment in infrastructure and labour shortages across the economy are creating an increasingly competitive market for talent. The Group measures staff turnover and continually reviews ways to retain and attract talent. We continue to develop and promote talented people within the organisation, as well as sourcing skills externally. Inflation During 2022 all sectors of the economy are experiencing high levels of inflation. Contractual mechanism allow the business to mitigate some of the financial impact, but the Group is aware that continued rises will affect the business, our clients and our staff. Accordingly, we are monitoring categories of spend closely to identify further opportunities for mitigation. Cyber All sectors are experiencing a sharp increase in cyber-attacks. Our business has invested considerable effort in a response plan, with an emphasis on awareness and training along with strengthening our IT defences, and we will continue to monitor and respond to changing threats. Process compliance Failure to comply with documented process can lead to a number of unwanted outcomes, including injury, financial loss and loss of accreditation. The Company has invested heavily in systems, processes and training, and will continue to do so in order to ensure that the risk of lack of process awareness is minimised. This is backed up by a system of audit to provide assurance that processes are being followed, and to highlight areas where we need to do better. Pandemic The Covid-19 pandemic has not had a significant impact on our trading for the period under review. Whilst some of our projects were stood down at the start of the pandemic, most restarted quickly and remained fully operational throughout the period under review. Conversely, most of the work we carry out is committed in our clients' agreed business plans, so is not directly exposed to changes in consumer demand.