
Highlight [page 9]: Corporate Governance The Company is required by The Companies (Miscellaneous Reporting) Regulations 2018 to make a statement in relation to its corporate governance practices. For the year ended 31 December 2021, the Company has adopted the Wates Corporate Governance Principles for Large Private Companies (published by the Financial Reporting Council (FRC) in December 2018 and available on the FRC website). The purpose of his report is to explain these principles and how they apply to the Company for the financial year reported. Principle 1 - Purpose and leadership The purpose of the Company is to provide storage and distribution services for companies in the United Kingdom. The Company has adopted a clear statement of its strategic vision, which is communicated to senior management biannually. This strategy is actively promoted throughout the year. Principle 2 - Board composition The Board of the Company comprises the Group ChiefExecutive Officer, Chief Executive Officer Chilled Businesses, Chief Financial Officer, Chief Executive Officer, 2 Operations Directors, Commercial Director and Group Chief Human Resources Officer. The Board considers that its size and composition is appropriate to its function. Principle 3 - Directors' responsibilities The Board of the Company is responsible for oversight of the Company's activities, within the strategic framework set by the Group Board. Each Board member has a clear understanding of their respective responsibilities and their accountability for discharging this role. The Group has adopted a formal governance matrix and business approvals framework which prescribes the scope of authority of the Chief Executive Officer and other members of the executive management team and reserves key business decisions to an appropriate decision-maker within the Group. Principle 4 - Opportunity and risk Opportunities: For the financial year reported, the Board was the principle forum for the assessment of strategic opportunities, which were considered as part of its monthly meetings. Identified opportunities were considered and approved at Board level where required by the governance matrix and business approvals framework. Business Risk: The Board is responsible for the identification and management of risk within the Company. This involves consideration of the principal strategic, operational and financial risks. Industry-specific operational risks: The Company operates in an industry where the assessment and management of operational safety risks is of paramount importance. The Company holds monthly Health and Safety Executive reviews. Principle 5 - Remuneration The Company is committed to attracting, retaining and incentivising a talented workforce to deliver the strategic objectives. The Board meets annually to review the remuneration of the executive management team. In conjunction with the Group Human Resources function, the Company benchmarks executive pay against a number of comparators. For the wider employee base, remuneration is set by the Chief Executive Officer, again subject to regular external benchmarking against an appropriate peer group. Principle 6 - Stakeholders The Board understands the importance of engagement with all of its stakeholders and gives appropriate weighting to the outcome of its decisions for the relevant stakeholder in weighing up how best to promote the success of the Company. The Board regularly discusses issues concerning employees, customers, suppliers, community and environment, regulators and its shareholder, which it takes into account in its discussions and in its decision-making process. In addition to this, the Board seeks to understand the interest and views of the Company's stakeholders by engaging with them directly when required.