
Highlight [page 23]: Statement of corporate governance arrangements In practice, the Board sit at the Deuce Midco Limited level. The Company is a subsidiary company of Deuce Midco Limited. These financial statements will include a statement on the corporate governance code the Group has applied. • For the year ended 31 December 2021, the Company has voluntarily applied the Wates Corporate Governance Principles for Large Private Companies, published by the Financial Reporting Council (FRC) in December 2018. The Wates Principles provide a framework for the Board to monitor corporate governance of the Group and see where governance standards can be raised to a higher level across the business. Wates Principle I Purpose and leadership We believe that a balance of exercise, nutrition, mindfulness and sociability are the keys to wellness and to sustaining a positive and healthy life. Our purpose is to provide facilities, services, equipment and social spaces which help to promote physical and mental wellbeing for our members. Our vision "My Club For My Life" seeks to create an environment where our members develop a real sense of belonging to their local clubs and where the clubs become an integral part of members' lives, throughout their lives. Our culture is about making our clubs a comfortable and welcoming place to come together with friends, family and fellow members to maintain physical and mental health and wellness. The Board monitors the Group's culture through team member feedback. Employee engagement is measured and repo1ted to the Board twice a year (only once in 2021 due to COVID-19) by way of an online employee survey to ensure the Group is listening and responding to its employees' needs. Our values and strategies that we have embedded to underpin them and the measures that we have used to monitor our performance against them are set out in the Strategic report on pages 2 to 4. Communication of our values and strategies is achieved through formal and informal meetings, the Group's employee app 'Kitbag' and regular business communication from the CEO. Wates Principle 2 Board composition The Board sits at the Deuce Midco Limited level and consists of six directors and two independent non-executive directors 1 • Biographies of the board members can be found in the Directors' Report of the Deuce Midco group financial statements on pages 22 to 24. Appointments to the Board are made on merit considering the combination of skills, background, experience and knowledge required to give constructive challenge and achieve effective decision-making. We consider the size and composition of the Board to be appropriate for our business. The two non-executive Directors bring challenge, experience, and offer different perspectives. 1 The Group is not required to apply the UK Corporate Governance Code. Under the Code Scott Lloyd would not be considered independent.

Highlight [page 24]: Wates Principle 2 Board composition (continued) As is normal for large companies, the Deuce Midco Limited Board delegates authority for day-to-day management of the Company and its subsidiaries to the Executive Committee. The Executive Committee comprises the Executive Chairman, Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer, Innovation and Product Development Director, New Clubs Acquisitions Director, New Clubs Director, HR Director, Member Experience Director, Marketing Director, Strategy Director, Operational Finance Director and Business Support Director. The Board has established an Audit Committee with responsibility for the appointment of auditors and review of the scope and results of the external audit. The Board and the Executive Committee together comprise 81% men and 19% women. We acknowledge that there is a relative lack of diversity on the Board and this is not reflective of the mix in the business. Page 18 of the Strategic Report of the financial statements of Deuce Midco Limited analyses the gender diversity of the Group. Directors and Executive Committee members update their knowledge of the business by frequent visits to Clubs and meetings with senior management. Both the Board and the Executive Committee meet monthly. Attendance and proceedings at meetings are recorded with action points noted and followed up. Wates Principle 3 Directors' responsibilities The Board typically meets eleven times a year. The Board receives regular and timely information (at least monthly) on all key aspects of the business including the financial performance of the business, health and safety, performance against the Group's strategies and key performance indicators and capex investment appraisals and potential acquisitions. Key financial information is collated from the Group's various accounting systems. The Group's finance function is appropriately qualified to ensure the integrity of this info1mation and is provided with the necessary training to keep up to date with accounting changes. The Group's statutory financial statements are externally audited by Deloitte LLP on an annual basis. The Group has developed policies that provide clear lines of accountability and responsibility for effective decision making. The Board delegates authority for day-to-day management to the Executive Committee. Independent n'on-executive directors have no material business relationships with the Group which may influence their judgment or their ability to provide independent challenge. Directors are required to declare any conflict of interest in advance of any discussion. Wates Principle 4 Opportunity and risk The Board seeks out opportunities while mitigating risk. The Group's key financial and non-financial risks and mitigations are described in the 'Principal risks and uncertainties' section of the Strategic Report on pages 8 to 10. The Executive Committee (as delegated by the Board) also considers further risks as part of the day to day management of the business. The Board's priority during the first half of the year was managing the cash flows and liquidity of the Group achieved by a successful refinancing of the Group's debt in June. Focus on the second half of the year was rebuilding member count to pre-pandemic levels (refer to Post COVID-19 recovery section of the Strategic Report).

Highlight [page 25]: Wates Principle 4 Opportunity and risk (continued) The Board considers significant capex investment projects and potential acquisitions and approves them before any bids are made or contracts exchanged. During the year, the Board approved the acquisition of three clubs from Spanish fitness group Accura and a new club in Cricklewood, North London. The Board and Executive Committee have established an internal control framework designed to manage risk. The. clubs are required to comply with both a compliance framework and a finance policy and procedures manual. The clubs are subject to regular health & safety and internal audits by the respective function. Red audit revisits are reported to the Executive Committee who monitor both the results and remediation action plan. The Board has established an ESG Committee to consider climate and other social and environmental risks and· opportunities to improve the Group's sustainability. Wates Principle 5 Remuneration Remuneration of directors and senior management is reviewed and set by the .shareholder directors. The directors, senior management and operational management participate in an equity-based incentive plan which is linked to shareholder value. More detail is given in Note 24 "Share based payments" on page 65 of these financial statements. We report on Gender Pay on page 15 of the strategic report. The Board's focus is to close the gap by increasing the proportion of females in our leadership roles. Wates Principle 6 Stakeholder relationships and engagement The Board's principal responsibility is to promote the long-term success of the Group through creating shareholder value and contributing to a healthy society and a sustainable environment. The Board's key objective remains constant; that doing the right thing by our members, our team and the communities in which we operate is integral to our future success as a sustainable business. As a result of the refinancing in June 2021, the Board also now considers its relationship with bondholders as an additional stakeholder. The Group has established an Investor Relations function to manage this relationship and presentations of financial results are given quarterly to the investor community. The Section 172(1) Statement on page 15 of the Strategic Report explains how the Board engages with its employees, members and fosters effective stakeholder relationships aligned to the Group's purpose.