
Highlight [page 27]: Governance arrangements Good governance is a key factor in securing the long-term success of our business. During 2021, the Company applied its own corporate governance arrangements. As a minimum, the Company has arrangements in place that largely mirror the Wates Principles, however, some of the arrangements take into account the need to •comply with the UK Corporate Governance Code which is applied throughout the Drax Group.

Highlight [page 27]: Our purpose Our purpose is to enable a zero carbon, lower cost energy future. Our strategic objectives are to be a global leader in negative emissions and to be a leader in UK dispatchable power. These objectives are closely aligned with global energy policies and our continued focus on delivering Bioenergy Carbon Capture and Storage is well placed to support decarbonisation and help ensure security of supply. Responding to climate change is a core component of our governance framework. The CEO reports quarterly to the Drax Group pie Board on Environment, Social and Governance performance, including climate-related matters. Climate change factors are considered in decisions taken by the Board.

Highlight [page 28]: Culture and values Our values are driven by our culture, fundamental to which is acting with integrity - what we call "doing the right thing". The Board seeks to set a clear and positive tone from the top to promote these values, which in turn drive standards and practices in all aspects of our work. Setting the right standards helps to protect the business and the interests of stakeholders. Of primary importance is the safety and wellbeing of our people. Safety is a long-held and central commitment of our operational philosophy. While the number of incidents is low, we remain vigilant and work continuously to reduce them. We are committed to the highest standards and have continued our efforts to strengthen our approach across the Company. For more information see pages 57 and 58 of the Drax Group pie 2021 Annual Report and Accounts. We are committed to a supportive, diverse and inclusive working environment, where you can be yourself and your contribution matters. We aim to support everyone and to design ways of working that are inclusive and flexible. For more information see page 60 and 96 of the Drax Group pie 2021 Annual Report and Accounts. We are committed to conducting business ethically, with honesty and integrity, and in compliance with all relevant laws and regulations. We do not tolerate any form of bribery, corruption, human rights abuse, or other unethical business conduct. Our business ethics compliance framework identifies the behaviours expected from colleagues on a broad range of topics. In 2021, we deployed new annual refresher eLearning on data protection and ethics. For more details on how the business ethics programme is managed across the Drax Group, see pages 61 to 63 of the Drax Group pie 2021 Annual Report and Accounts. Leadership and Succession Investing in the development of our people is essential to the delivery of our business strategy. Our Potential and Succession processes enable senior leaders to identify individuals with the skills and capability needed for critical roles. Individuals identified can be nominated for our Future Creators programme. Launched in 2019, the Future Creators programme is designed to develop and retain high-potential individuals and grow our leadership pipeline. Each individual has a personal development plan and a Drax Group pie Executive Committee sponsor. In September 2021 we launched our Inclusive Leadership Programme. Over 200 leaders, including the Executive Committee, have completed the programme, which gives senior leaders the tools and knowledge to role-model inclusive leadership across Drax. It is part of our strategy to educate and inspire colleagues, supporting our journey to make Drax an even more inclusive place to work. Further information on leadership, succession and diversity can be found on page 60 of the Drax Group pie 2021 Annual Report and Accounts. Effectiveness and accountability Management meet at least once a month to discuss strategic and operational matters. Every month management reviews safety performance and monthly KPls which include Total Recordable Injury rate (TRIR) and Lost Time Injury Rate (LTIR) as well as financial and environmental KPls. Throughout the year management also reviewed HR data, risk matters and feedback from stakeholders. There is open debate and constructive discussion at the meetings and there are formal and robust processes in place to ensure the data provided to management is reliable. Those who submit information to management must include considerations of key stakeholders. Risk management The Board is responsible for the management of all risks at the Company. The Company operates a three lines of defence model to facilitate the effective operation of the Drax Group's Enterprise Risk Management Framework. This model provides a standardised risk management process that defines the accountability and ownership of risk across the business. The Drax Group Enterprise Risk Management Framework ensures each of the Company's principal risks have appropriate oversight.

Highlight [page 29]: Oversight of each principal risk is delegated to a specialist committee and each committee conducts a regular. 'deep dive' of the underlying risks related to its Principal Risk category. All relevant risks are recorded on an appropriate risk register and are mapped to one of Drax Group's Principal Risk categories. The internal control environment is based on Group-level financial and operational controls supported by controls within each business unit and independent assurance from internal and external audit. The effectiveness of internal controls at the Company is supported by a control risk self-assessment process and reported to the Drax Group Executive Committee and Audit Committee. Remuneration The remuneration of those directors who are also executive directors of Drax Group pie are subject to the Drax Directors Remuneration Policy (Policy) which is approved by Drax shareholders. The implementation of the Policy is the responsibility of the Drax Remuneration Committee (a Committee of the Drax Group Board). The Remuneration Committee may choose to apply discretion to the remuneration of those directors if they believe the formulaic outcomes of variable pay programmes do not appropriately reflect company performance. In the event any discretion is applied, the justification is clearly stated in the Annual Report for the relevant financial year. The Remuneration Committee considers external market benchmarking data to inform executive remuneration decisions, as well information and insight from shareholders, industry bodies and employees. A key priority for Drax is to ensure fair and appropriate remuneration decisions for directors and the wider workforce. Details of the Drax Remuneration Policy can be found on pages 134 to 147 in the Drax Group pie 2021 Annual Report and Accounts. In 2021, all colleagues in the Company participated in the company bonus programme, as did all other colleagues in the Drax Group, except those who work in pellet mills in Canada. The bonus metrics include a combination of annual financial, strategic and ESG-related objectives for Drax. The metrics and targets for those metrics were aligned with the Company's and Drax Group's strategy and 2021 business plan, and metrics apply to all participants. The directors, the executive committee members and all others in senior management roles also participated in a Long-Term Incentive Share Plan. In line with the current Directors Remuneration Policy, an award from the Long-Term Incentive Share Plan is subject to the achievement of Total Shareholder Return relative to the FTSE 350 and Cumulative Adjusted Earnings Per Share; both are measured over a three-year performance period. These performances align with the long-term interests of the Company, Drax Group and shareholders. The Drax Diversity and Inclusion Steering Group monitors diversity and inclusion across the Drax Group, including the gender pay gap. The gender pay gap is monitored across individual business units so that actions to address the pay gap can be appropriately considered for each business unit. The working group works with the HR function and wider leadership teams to identify, develop and implement initiatives to promote diversity. Working with our stakeholders Engaging with our stakeholders is fundamental to our success. We recognise that to achieve our purpose, we need to listen to, and work with, a diverse range of interested parties. For more information on our stakeholders, how we engage with them and have regard to their interests, please refer to the Companies Act, Section 172 statement.