
Highlight [page 10]: Corporate Governance Statement Dreams Ltd is a subsidiary of Tempur Sealy International, Inc. and is committed to maintaining a high standard of corporate governance. For the year ended 24 th December 2021, the Company has followed the Wates Corporate Governance Principles. Below is an explanation of how the Company has operated in accordance with the principles. Principle 1: Purpose and leadership (An effective board develops and promotes the purpose of a company, and ensures that its values, strategy and culture align with that purpose). The Company's purpose is serving the nation with beds they love. In life. For life. There are five core values at Dreams underpinning its purpose:. • We always put our customers first • We believe in the product we make, buy, sell & deliver • We trust, respect and celebrate one another • We challenge complexity and strive for simplicity • We do what we say we'll do Principle 2: Board composition (Effective board composition required an effective chair and a balance of skills, backgrounds, experience and knowledge, with individual directors having sufficient capacity to make a valuable contribution. The size of the board should be aligned by the scale and complexity of the company). The Board comprises the Chief Executive Officer ("CEO") and the Chief Financial Officer ("CFO"), supported by operating board members across the key business functions (the "Exec"). This executive management board implement the Company's strategy and ensure the values and culture are implemented and communicated consistently to the employees - for example through Monday afternoon all-inclusive briefings in Bedquarters and the Company's communication app, 'The Hub". The size and composition of the Exec is appropriate based on the size of the Company and it facilitates effective decision making for buying, manufacturing, retailing and delivering beds in line with the company's purpose. The Exec members have previously held senior roles in retail business in the UK, and both the CEO and CFO have worked for the Company for a number of years enabling deep operational understanding of the Company and its markets. Each member of the Exec has equal voting rights when making decisions, except the CEO who has a casting vote. Each member always has access to the Company Secretary and a right to seek independent professional advice as and when necessary to enable them to discharge their duties effectively. The duties of the "Exec" are executed partially through weekly operationai meetings and monthly Statutory Board meetings where one or both Statutory Directors attend and act as chair. The company's directors are committed to conducting business in an ethical, fair and transparent manner and in accordance with high standards of corporate governance. The Exec lead by example and are committed to upholding the Company's values. There is a clear division of responsibilities between the shareholders and the Executive Directors.

Highlight [page 11]: Principle 3: Director Responsibilities (The board and individual directors should have a clear understanding of their accountability and responsibilities. The board's policies and procedures should support effective decision-making and independent challenge). The Exec is responsible for organising and directing the affairs of the Company in a manner that is most likely to promote the success of the Company for the benefit of its shareholder and in a manner that is consistent with its constitution, applicable regulatory requirements and current corporate governance practice. Its primary function is to provide effective leadership and direction to enhance long-term value of the Company to its shareholder and other stakeholders by reviewing the strategic plans and performance objectives, financial plans and annual budget, key operational initiatives, major funding and investment proposals, financial performance reviews, and corporate governance practices. The Company recognises the importance of providing the Exec with accurate and relevant information on a timely basis. Weekly and monthly performance information is provided by management keeping the Exec team informed on the Company's performance, position and prospects consisting of order intake, orderbook status, customer service indicators and gross margin plus profit and loss accounts. The Company's Finance and Insights function is appropriately qualified to ensure the integrity of this information and is provided with the necessary training to keep up to date with regulatory changes. Financial information is currently externally audited by Ernst & Young LLP on an annual basis. Principle 4: Opportunity and risk (A board should promote the long-term sustainable success of the company by identifying opportunities to create and preserve value and establishing oversight for the identification and mitigation of risks). Long-term strategic opportunities are highlighted in the annual three-year planning exercise supported by external consultants. Short-term opportunities to improve performance, resilience and liquidity are collated through a periodic department review process. A Statutory board meeting comprising of the Exec is responsible for identifying, managing and ensuring accountability for risk. Each month, senior management present information on operational, customer, brand, financial and cyber risks, and regulations. In addition, Risk & Human Resources teams monitor the Company's whistle blowing line "Speak up". Principle 5: Remuneration matters (A board should promote executive remuneration structures aligned to the long-term sustainable success of a company, taking into account pay and conditions elsewhere in the company). Dreams senior employee remuneration is subject to independent oversight by Tempur Sealy International, Inc. Principle 6: Stakeholders relationship and engagement (Directors should foster effective stakeholder relationships aligned to the board's purpose. The board is responsible for overseeing meaningful engagement with stakeholders, including the workforce, and having regard to their views when making decisions). The Company outlines its stakeholder engagement under 4 premises. 1. People first culture; we look after each other by listening and communicating closely and living our values in everything we do. 2. Leading bed experts; we stay ahead of the market through the continual investment in our brands, products, shops and online. 3. Force for good; protecting all our futures; we take sensible decisions to do the right thing financially and ethically for our people and our planet. 4. Championing simplicity; we strive to make working at Dreams simpler and buying beds from us easier.