
Highlight [page 7]: Corporate Governance Arrangements In accordance with the provisions of The Companies (Miscellaneous Reporting) Regulations 2018, the Company has applied the Wates Corporate Governance Principles (the 'Principles') for Large Private Companies in relation to the 2021 financial year. The Principles, and an explanation of how each Principle has been addressed by the Company, are set out below. Purpose and Leadership easyJet is a low-cost point to point airline that provides considerable choice and affordability for travel across a market leading European network. The Company has an effective Board which considers easyJet's purpose as providing this vital connectivity and in a way that is easy, enjoyable and affordable - described as "seamlessly connecting Europe with the warmest welcome in the sky". Further information on the way that easyJet uses its resources to fulfil this purpose and create sustainable value is set out in page 12 of easyJet pie's published Annual Report and Accounts for the year ended 30 September 2021. The Board also realises the importance of stakeholder engagement, particularly with the workforce and monitors culture with employee surveys and engagement with trade unions. Information regarding stakeholder engagement is included on page 3 and 4. Board composition The Company has a diverse Board with an appropriate balance of skills, backgrounds, experience and knowledge to collectively bring together objective thought and constructive challenge to achieve effective decision-making. For further details on the directors who held office during the year please refer to page 7. For further details on the group's management team, please refer to pages 102 to 104 of easyJet pie's published Annual Report and Accounts for the year ended 30 September 2021. Director responsibilities The Board believes in maintaining effective leadership to deliver long-term value. In order to support effective decision-making, corporate governance practices and policies are put in place to ensure systems and controls are operating effectively and that the quality and integrity of information provided is reliable to be able to make informed decisions. For further information around our policies and processes, please see pages 62 to 65 of easyJet pie's published Annual Report and Accounts for the year ended 30 September 2021.

Highlight [page 8]: Opportunity to enhance our business offering, in line with our business model, by providing our customers with the service they want and driving long term sustainable growth is at the forefront of the board. The Board continues to assessthe Company's business model and its approach to strategic decision-making and oversight of effective risk management in order to provide appropriate accountability to stakeholders. Further information about our business model is set out on pages 12 and 13 of easyJet pie's published Annual Report and Accounts for the year ended 30 September 2021. The principal risks and uncertainties faced by the Group can be found on pages 78 to 95 of easyJet pie's published Annual Report and Accounts for the year ended 30 September 2021. Remuneration Remuneration is overseen by the Remuneration Committee of the parent company, easyJet pie, which is responsible for agreeing remuneration of the management team which includes Directors of the Company, taking into account the pay and conditions of the wider workforce and gender pay gap. For further information on the Remuneration Committee, see pages 130 to 133 within easyJet pie's published Annual Report and Accounts for the year ended 30 September 2021. Stakeholder Relationships and engagement The Board understands the importance of having effective relationships with its stakeholders and actively engaging with them to understand their views when making decisions. Please refer to page 3 and 4 for further details on our stakeholder engagement.