
Highlight [page 5]: Wates Corporate Governance Principles In accordance with The Companies (Miscellaneous Reporting) Regulations 2018, the group has voluntarily chosen to apply the Wates Corporate Governance Principles for Large Private Companies as published by the Financial Reporting Council ("FRC") in December 2018 (and available on the FRCwebsite). The group applies the principles to its arrangements, as detailed below. Purposeand leadership The group has a clear and articulated purpose to provide the right care at the right time in the right place a·ndto uphold the values of the group. The purpose and values are articulated to internal and external stakeholders, including the workforce, through a variety of evidence-based channels. Elysium's values (Kindness, Integrity, Teamwork and Excellence) have been developed in conjunction with executive management, its workforce, its service users and its external customers to ensure everyone works together to uphold them. Board composition The Board of the company's holding company, Elysium Healthcare Group Limited, oversees the governance of the entire Elysium group. During the year, it comprised two independent directors (including an Independent Chairman), two Investor Directors, three Executive Directors and a Company Secretary. This size and composition is deemed appropriate to the group's business. The group has a separate Chairman and Chief Executive to ensure that the balance of responsibilities, accountabilities and decision making across the group is effectively maintained. Training is provided to new directors and a programme of site visits by the whole Board is undertaken each year (refer below). Directors' responsibilities Good governance supports open and fair business, it ensures that the company has the right safeguards in place and it makes certain that every decision is underpinned by the right considerations. Whilst Board oversight is always maintained, key decisions are made by the individuals and committees with the most appropriate expertise. Elysium had three Board Committees during the year: an Audit Committee, a Remuneration Committee and a Quality & Risk Committee. Terms of reference for the Board and Committees are regularly reviewed. All committees are chaired by independent members of the Board. The Board receives regular information (which is at least monthly) on all key aspects of the business, including financial, operational, clinical and regulatory updates. Key financial information is collated from the group's accounting systems. The group's finance function is appropriately qualified to ensure the integrity of this information. Financial information·is currently externally audited by Deloitte LLPon an an·nualbasis. Opportunity and risk The Board is updated on a monthly basis through written papers and meetings on opportunities to both create and preserve value and risks, and risk mitigation. Elysium has invested heavily since its formation to create a long-term sustainable proposition for all stakeholders: service users, staff, customers and shareholders. Risk is managed through the Quality and Risk Committee and the 'Ward to Board' reporting structure. Management risk is one of the key elements to the governance strategy of the group. The Strategic Report includes the key risks which are monitored by the Board. Remuneration A Remuneration Committee sits as an independent committee of the Board and is chaired by the Independent Chairman. Senior management remuneration is set by the Remuneration Committee, and benchmarking of such remuneration is undertaken regularly. Bonus targets and payments are aligned with the group's values and reflect group performance. The directors' remuneration is disclosed in note 9.

Highlight [page 6]: Wates Corporate Governance Principles (continued) Stakeholder relationships and engagements The Executive Directors have direct contact with the workforce, service users, customers and investors on a regular basis. A series of formal and informal visits to sites usually takes place each year, with additional ad hoc visits also being made. In 2021 these visits varied between being virtual and in person. Visits are tracked and reviewed on a regular basis by the senior management team. During normal times, the Board makes a formal visit to at least one site each year and new members of the Board have site visits as part of their induction. Senior management review staff surveys and exit surveys on a regular basis. The group publishes its Gender Pay Gap Report each year in line with legislation. The group holds a bronze 'Investors in People' award.