
Highlight [page 14]: CORPORATEGOVERNANCEREPORT Equinor UK Limited is a wholly owned subsidiary ofEquinor ASA, a Noiwegian company, listed on both the Oslo and New York stock exchanges. As a listed company, Equinor ASA complies with the requirement to report on its corporate governance in its annual report which can be downloaded from its website, www.eguinor.com. Additional corporate governance information can also be found on the Equinor website. Since 2019, under The Companies (Miscellaneous Reporting) Regulations 2018, the Company has applied the Wates Corporate Governance Principles for Large Private Companies (published by the Financial Reporting Council ('FRC') in December 2018 (the "Principles") and available on the FRC website). The Company's application of the Principles throughout the year 2021 is set out below. PRINCIPLE 1 - PURPOSE AND LEADERSHIP The Equinor Group - Corporate organisational structure The Equinor group (''Equinor"/ the "Equinor group"), parented by Equinor ASA was originally founded as a Noiwegian oil and gas company which has grown into a broad energy company with activities in around 30 countries. The Equinor group's activities include most phases of the oil and gas value chain, from exploration of hydrocarbons through to developing, production and manufacturing, marketing and trading, a growing renewables business within wind, solar and storage, as well as low carbon solutions. Equinor's identity is set out in the Equinor Book (https://www.equinorbook.com/brandcenter/en/ equinorbook), which imposes a common framework for who we are and how we work and essentially sets standards for behaviour, performance, and leadership. Equinor - Who we are Our Purpose is to turn natural resources into energy for people and progress for society. Our Vision is shaping the future of energy. Our Strategy is Always safe, High value, Low carbon. We are committed to long-term value creation in a low carbon future. Our Values help us set direction, guide our decisions, actions, and the way we interact with others. They are: . . . Open Collaborative Courageous Caring Our Leadership principles act as a guide for all leaders in Equinor and inspire those with leadership responsibility to: Shape our future by, setting a clear direction, looking beyond the known, and eagerly driving change. Empower people by, trusting and supporting, developing and learning together, energising through inclusion. Deliver results by, role modelling safety and compliance, driving commercial outcomes, achieving sustainable impact.

Highlight [page 15]: Equinor - How we work Corporate Governance Good corporate governance ensures that the Equinor group is run according to our values and for the benefit of our people, stakeholders, and society as a whole. It also ensures that everyone has a clear understanding of their roles, responsibilities, rights and accountability. As a public limited company, Equinor adheres to Norwegian and applicable international corporate governance standards and requirements. We also ensure good corporate governance through our values-based culture, stringent ethical requirements, and a Code of Conduct that promotes integrity. Equinor' s Code of Conduct describes Equinor' s code of business practice and the requirements for expected behaviour. The Code of Conduct applies to Equinor UK Limited Board members, employees and hired personnel. Equinor Ethics Helpline Equinor employees and anyone that interact with Equinor has the right to, and are encouraged to, raise concerns when there is any suspected or potential breach oflaw or company policies including the Code of Conduct. For this purpose, Equinor maintains the Ethics Helpline, a 24-hour phone service and portal. The Ethics Helpline ensures confidentiality and protection of the rights ofboth the caller and the potential subject ofa report. Our Performance framework translates our vision, values and strategy into actions and results, creating a clear link to team and individual contributions. In Ambition to Action, we translate Equinor's purpose, vision and strategy into meaningful strategic objectives· and risks, K.Pls and actions for each business area. We have a values-based performance culture in the Company. How we deliver is as important as what we deliver. This means that delivery and behaviour is equally weighted when evaluating the performance of our employees. We have developed a Management System to capitalise on the collective knowledge and best practice we have gained over many years. The Management System contains the information we need to set us on the right path when performing our work. It is also one way we ensure safe and efficient execution of activities, reducing risk and saving time and costs. Equinor UK organization Equinor UK Limited follows the Corporate Governance structure set out in the Equinor Book and the Management System. In June 2021, the parent company of Equinor UK Limited, Equinor ASA implemented a new organisation. Changes were to support enhanced value creation from our world-class oil and gas portfolio, accelerated growth within renewables and the development of low carbon solutions and zero emission value chains. The new organisation structure and operating model aimed to improve safety, increase efficiency and to be more adaptable and flexible to deliver on the company ambitions. The new operating model - One Equinor 2021 was to ensure a holistic approach to improve all aspects of our operating model in a coordinated manner, inclusive of: the leadership we deploy and develop, the capabilities we develop, the work processes we shape, the objectives and K.Pls we set and the performance management we apply, the tools and systems we choose, and the suppliers we collaborate with. One Equinor 2021 introduces a leaner organisational setup. Smaller leadership teams and extended use of competence centres facilitate developing capabilities according to business needs - a setup that allows for more flexibility. The competence centres are essential as Equinor develops further into a broad, global energy company where oil and gas, renewables and low-carbon solutions are interlinked .

Highlight [page 16]: The Equinor organisation in the UK (Equinor UK) is structured to be able to respond to current and future business needs. Equinor's business areas conduct business through Equinor UK Limited according to the nature of their activities and in accordance with the Equinor group strategy with respect to the UK. In our new organisation from 1 June 2021, five distinct business areas (BA) are active in the UK and business activities are undertaken, to varying degrees, through Equinor UK Limited: • Exploration & Production International (EPI) • Marketing, Midstream & Processing (MMP) • Renewables (REN) • Projects, Drilling and Procurement (PDP) • Technology, Digital and Innovation (TDI) Business areas are supported by the corporate centre functions active in Equinor UK Limited. In May 2021 and as part of the One Equinor 2021 reorganisation, Equinor appointed a new Country Manager for its activities in the UK. The UK Country Manager is supported by a UK Country Management team consisting of Business Area representatives and Corporate Centre representatives, covering all Equinor's activities and employees in the UK. The UK Country Management team addresses cross BA operational and strategic issues. In 2021, the most frequently discussed topics were implications of the COVID-19 pandemic, including business continuity measures, working from home, return to office and Brexit, as well as the One Equinor 2021 reorganisation. Throughout the year, BA specific topics, including strategy and roadmaps, were also discussed. Equinor UK has an Organisation, Management and Control document (OMC) (part of the Equinor Management System) which clearly describes the organisation, operating model and framework for Equinor in the United Kingdom (UK), and which was updated to reflect the new organisation effective 1 June 2021. The objective of the OMC is to ensure clear alignment and co-ordination between the Business Areas (BAs), corporate functions and resource that have presence in the UK. The strategy of the Company is in line with the strategy of the Equinor group, which is discussed on pages 17-21 of the Equinor ASA annual report (www.equinor.com/ivestors/annual-reports). PRINCIPLE 2 - BOARD COMPOSITION The Board is made up of representative Directors from respective business areas active in the Company, contributing broad expertise and insight on all the Company's activities. All Board decisions are made by majority vote of the Directors present with each Director having one vote, except in the case of parity of votes where the Chairperson has a second or casting vote. One Director serves as a permanent Chairperson of the Board for the duration of their appointment. The Board regularly invites relevant members of the Corporate Centre functions to advise, inform and report on specific matters, for example, the People and Organisation (PO) function reporting on people matters, and the Safety, Security and Sustainability (Safety, Security and Sustainability) function advising on matters of safety and security. Directors gain knowledge of the wider Company's activities, other than their own business areas, from open discussion with other Directors and invitees at Board meetings, deep dives on topical issues, participating in and having access to the Country Management forum (a platform focusing on UK specific strategy, risks, and stakeholders) and its participants and experts, which consolidates the Equinor group's wider activities in the UK. In terms of demonstrating diversity, the Board in 2021 consisted of a mix ofN orwegian and British nationals. Appointments and resignations occurred to adapt to the new operating model One Equinor 2021 and the business needs of the Company. Equinor continues to develop and improve on diversity mix in all aspects

Highlight [page 17]: in its organisation and offers focused training on Mitigating Unconscious Bias and Inclusive Leadership to all leaders. Directors are further guided in their duties by the 'Equinor Board of Directors handbook' which sets out Equinor's expectations for Board members sitting on boards of Equinor subsidiaries or joint venture companies. On an annual basis, as is the case for all Equinor employees, directors of the Company, are required to complete Equinor's on-line Code of Conduct training. The Code certification reminds all of their duty to comply with Equinor values and ethical requirements and creates an environment with open dialogue on ethical issues, both internally and externally. PRINCIPLE 3 - DIRECTOR RESPONSIBILITIES Accountability Good corporate governance ensures the Company is run according to our values and for the benefit of our people, stakeholders and society. It also ensures that everyone has a clear understanding of their roles, responsibilities, rights and accountability. While Board oversight is maintained, certain decisions are delegated to the business areas with the most appropriate business and industry experience. Each Board member has a clear understanding of their accountability and responsibilities. The Board has developed an annual programme to ensure that relevant matters are addressed. Each business area operating through the Company has its own Organisation, Management and Control document (OMC) (part of the Equinor Management System) which sets out in more detail, the activities for which it is accountable, their organisation, operating model and control processes. The Equinor UK Limited Board of Directors is accountable for ensuring that the Company's activities executed through different business areas are conducted safely and that policies, standards and procedures contained within the governing documents relating to a business area and its activities are followed and implemented effectively. In addition to their direct reporting lines via their respective business areas, individual Directors are accountable to the Equinor UK Limited Board for ensuring, amongst other things, that their activities are conducted safely and securely and in accordance with the relevant governing documents that apply to the business area as detailed in the Equinor Management System whilst having regard to local law requirements and maintaining a degree of independence and control in the subsidiary. Further the Directors are guided in their duties by the principles set out in the 'Equinor Board of directors handbook'. Integrity of information Several mechanisms are in place to ensure that Board members have appropriate oversight of and involvement in the activities carried out under the Company and can access reliable information sources to make more informed decisions. Other than input from directors representing different business areas, Board meetings are structured to include high level reports/updates of Corporate Centres who are charged with advising the Board and informing their decisions with the right considerations on specific matters. These Corporate Centres also implement measures within the company in accordance with Equinor group policies with approval from the Board, including but not limited to: • People and Organisation (PO) who are responsible for people planning, policies, reward, employee relations, strategy, competence, employment law and employee tax compliance and collaboration matters; • Safety, Security and Sustainability (SSU) responsible for developing SSU policies, reporting on SSU performance, coordinating assurance activities, ensuring that emergency response plans are in place for all activities in the Company;

Highlight [page 18]: • Finance and Control (F&C) responsible for overseeing financial reporting and quality assurance of statutory reporting; • Legal (LEG) responsible for monitoring and communicating changes in local law, ensuring consistency in the legal function and compliance across the Equinor group, serving as company secretary for the Company; • Access to UK Country Management forum to inform on common business themes e.g., political analysts, communication specialists, safety, security and sustainability experts. Processes for collection, quality assuring and reporting data is governed by requirements in the Management System and is reviewed regularly by Equinor's internal audit function. In an average year, there are approximately four scheduled Board meetings, with ad hoc meetings held as and when required for the purpose of updates and obtaining relevant approvals from the Board. During 2021, the Company had six (2020- five) scheduled meetings and one (2020- four) ad hoc meetings. PRINCIPLE 4 - RISKS AND OPPORTUNITIES Risks Equinor applies the enterprise risk management approach for managing risks and opportunities. The framework is embedded in our management system and includes methods and processes to manage risks and opportunities related to achievement of our strategic objectives. By identifying and proactively addressing risks and opportunities, Equinor can protect and create value for its shareholders. The Board of Directors focuses on ensuring adequate control of the Company's internal controls and overall risk management. Equinor UK Limited manages risk to make sure that operations are safe and in compliance with requirements. Opportunities Long-term strategic opportunities are identified at a group and country level. The opportunities are drawn from the business areas and Corporate Centres and reflect our ambitions for the next 10 years. Short-term opportunities to improve performance are managed in Ambition to Action by each individual BA. Responsibilities In Equinor UK Limited, risks are identified and managed by the individual BA. This is based on the principle that risks and opportunities are owned and mitigated by the business line in which they arise and impact. Example of such risks are safety and environmental risks arising from our operational activities. To mitigate our most significant risks we have established policies and requirements embedded in our management system. One example is the Corporate Major Accident Prevention Policy (CMAPP). The purpose of CMAPP is to provide a high-level summary of the arrangements in place for management and control of major accident risk across all Equinor UK Limited operated activities. For an overview of risks and their mitigation, see page 5 in the Strategic report. Controls Equinor UK Limited has identified and documented key controls to mitigate risks related to financial reporting, covering all aspects of the company's operations. Each key control is assigned to at least one individual who takes ownership of the control and is required to complete a sign-off in an on-line tool on a quarterly basis to confirm compliance. We are working to continuously improve how we document our internal controls. In designing and evaluating our disclosure controls and procedures, our management at a corporate level, recognised that any controls and procedures, no matter how well designed and operated, can only provide

Highlight [page 19]: reasonable assurance that the desired control objectives will be achieved, and that the management must necessarily exercise judgment when evaluating possible controls and procedures. Because of the limitations inherent in all controls systems, no evaluation of controls can provide absolute assurance that all control issues and any instances of fraud in the company have been detected. PRINCIPLES-REMUNERATION Equinor UK Limited follows the Equinor global corporate reward principles in setting our Total Reward offering of compensation and benefits. Total Reward is designed to: • Be an integral part of our performance framework; • Reflect company performance and financial results; • Be differentiated according to responsibilities and performance; • Ensure a sustainable cost level; • Be transparent, non-discriminatory and fair. Ultimately our aim is a reward offering which reflects local market conditions and recognises and rewards performance equally on what we deliver and how we deliver. Equinor's career model consists of a leadership and professional pathway, and employees are encouraged to develop across both. The model describes Equinor's expectations for different roles and opportunities to develop. Each job band in Equinor UK Limited has a salary range attached to it, with employees remunerated within the applicable band based on their experience and performance. Directors and senior management in Equinor are remunerated in the same way as other employees. Equinor always aims to pay men and women equally for work of equal value, and differentiation in remuneration should only be based on experience, responsibilities and performance ensuring our approach to pay is non-discriminatory and fair. However, we recognise the challenge that the industry has as a whole, in representation of women within the workforce. We are taking positive steps to have achieve a better balance by attracting more women into our industry through actions such as links with education, graduate recruitment, sponsoring apprentices and making improvements in our recruitment advertising practices. We acknowledge that we do have a gender pay gap which, whilst being in line with our peers, we need to better understand and work on improving. PRINCIPLE 6- STAKEHOLDER RELATIONSHIPS AND ENGAGEMENT Good governance and effective communication are essential on a day-to-day basis to deliver on our vision and strategic ambitions to add and protect value, and to safeguard the company's brand, reputation and relationships with all our stakeholders. We also recognise that aligning Equinor UK's strategic ambition and direction with key stakeholders is vital to delivering on our strategic ambitions. Equinor UK Limited has a broad range of stakeholders, however, the most important are the parent company, workforce, joint venture partners, suppliers, UK government, industry associations and local communities. Workforce and employee engagement The Board and Management team engage employees using a variety of communication channels. Formal channels include the offshore safety committee meetings, UK Works Council and location works councils. The offshore safety committee's main role is to help promote and develop measures to ensure the occupational health and safety of the workforce on the offshore installations, through co-operation between management and the workforce.

Highlight [page 20]: The UK Works Council is a forum of elected employees and management representatives, and the purpose of the Council is to promote and foster an open environment in which employees at all levels of the Equinor UK organisation engage in constructive dialogue, collaboration and consultation relating to strategy, performance and matters affecting them in their employment. The UK Works Council agreement stipulates that it will sit a minimum of three times a year. Given the ongoing pandemic during 2021, the global reorganisation of Equinor's business structure (One Equinor 2021) and change of the Country Manager, the Council sat more often: four routine meeting; four consultation meetings related to One Equinor 2021 ; two meetings for reward matters and a meeting to discuss the Council structure and operating model. Additionally, Council members were invited to participate in meetings relating to reorganisation of Equinor's administration functions, the organisation of our UK wind farm operations and hybrid working arrangements On an annual basis, employees of the Equinor group are encouraged to participate in the Global People Survey (GPS). Equinor UK Limited complies with the survey requirements and the survey timetable. This survey is critical for evaluating and improving key topics that impact the safety culture, working environment, engagement and the drive for continuous improvement and change. In 2021, we had a strong response rate, with results aligning well with those at a corporate level, showing a downwards trend in all areas including Satisfaction & Motivation, and Commitment. 2021 continued to be a challenging year and GPS (Global People Survey) responses show an organisation impacted by change, namely the corporate One Equinor 2021 reorganisation, alongside the continued progression of the global pandemic. Whilst GPS action planning belongs primarily within the Business Areas, further to the 2021 UK GPS results, the UK Country Manager is engaging in partnership directly with the UK Works Council to identify further opportunities to have sustainable impact on Equinor UK Limited. For the second year, Equinor UK has run a webinar series addressing mental health concerns and a voluntary health and wellbeing programme, referred to as Virgin Pulse. Both as virtual employee engagement activities which employees can participate in individually or as virtual teams at their convenience and from a home office environment. Suppliers Equinor UK Limited is committed to using Suppliers who operate in accordance with our values and who maintain high standards for Health, Safety and Environment, Ethics and Corporate Social Responsibility. We require our suppliers and business partners to comply with applicable laws, respect internationally recognised human rights principles and be guided by the ethical standards set forth in our Code of Conduct when working for or in partnership with Equinor. We will only establish or extend existing Supplier relationships if the Supplier meets our standards. Our Suppliers are fundamental to our business as they enable us to remain competitive by maintaining continuity of operations, contribute to ensuring safe and efficient operation at our facilities and drive our digitalisation and continuous improvement agenda To ensure openness and collaborative based sharing of future plans, Equinor attends industry stakeholder events within the locations where we operate, and we are a key member of industry forums such as Offshore Energies UK (OEUK). For new projects, we work closely with Suppliers to develop robust Supply Chain Plans. Equinor is also committed to adhering to OEUK's Supply Chain Principles and the North Sea Transition Deal. The Equinor website has a dedicated Supplier page (https://www.equinor.com/en/supply-chain.html#la) to enable Suppliers to understand our procurement process requirements (including Code of Conduct, HSE and Human Rights expectations) and highlight the key databases we use in order to source and qualify Suppliers.

Highlight [page 21]: Within Equinor, we have a key focus on Supplier Relationship Management. This is based upon a tiered system, which categorises the strategic importance of the Contract and Supplier. The system incorporates regular performance reviews and Key Performance Indicator (KPI) to drive performance with Suppliers Equinor's Human Rights Policy commits to respect all internationally recognised Human Rights and sets out how we relate to our Employees, Contractors, Suppliers, Partners and Communities affected by our business activities. Further, the Company sets out expectations of our Suppliers and their continued efforts to comply with and maintain high standards towards Human Rights. We have a framework within which we consistently monito"r and assure our Suppliers and their sub-suppliers adhere to all Human Rights expectations. As part ofEquinor's ongoing review of Human Rights, a new Human Rights Risk Assessment Tool was introduced within Equinor globally and our Contract terms and conditions were updated to reflect our latest specific compliance requirements. Equinor UK Limited monitors and reports on our performance for Supplier payment. According to the latest Payment Practice Reports published at Gov.uk, the average time for Equinor to pay Supplier invoices for the period 1 January 2021 -31 December 2021 was 29.5 days. In addition, on an annual basis the Directors approve the Modem Slavery act Statement which the company is required to prepare and publish outlining the steps taken by the Company to ensure that slavery and human trafficking are not taking place in supply chains or own business activities and confirming that such steps have been taken. Throughout 2021 the Company continued raising awareness among employees to enable them to identify potential risks. This continuous effort has long term benefits for the Company and its stakeholders, enhances company's reputation and welfare of the Company's suppliers and own employees. Joint venture partners Collaborative, strong and constructive relationships with Joint Venture partners are of paramount importance for the Company. The Company has processes in place to manage relationships with its Joint Venture partners in order to identify and mitigate risks, increase efficiencies, ensure alignment of interests and maximise the value of joint venture assets. The Joint Venture partners are jointly responsible for the management of joint operations and are governed by relevant agreements (e.g., Area Operating Agreement (AOA) for the Mariner Joint Venture, Joint Operating Agreement (JOA) for Rosebank Joint Venture and all exploration Joint Ventures). The relationships with Joint Ventures are managed via a variety of forums, including Joint Operating Committees. • Parent company As the parent company of the Equinor group and the 100% owner of Equinor UK Limited, Equinor ASA carries out activities on behalf ofEquinor UK Limited related to external sales of oil and gas products, group management, corporate functions and group financing. Equinor ASA markets and sells Equinor UK Limited oil and gas production from the UK continental shelf together with the production from other legal entities in the group. All related party transactions are carried out on an arm's length basis. Equinor ASA provides financing to Equinor UK Limited. The intra group financing arrangement is provided as a means of centralisation of the group's cash and currency and to secure control and risk management. Corporate governance and controls in Equinor UK Limited are based on the same principles and tools as in Equinor ASA. Representatives of Equinor UK Limited shall perform their duties in a professional and responsible manner and in line with Equinor ASA management system. Government As an energy company, Equinor in the UK operates in a mature regulated industry and has operations in England and Scotland. Equinor maintains close relationships with the relevant parts of the UK government,

Highlight [page 22]: from central government and relevant ministers and officials, relevant committees in the UK Parliament, the devolved administrations, regulators, local MPs and local authorities. Equinor's relationship with the UK and Scottish governments during 2021 included, inter alia, discussion on strategic energy and climate policy issues, formal consultations run by the UK Government on various issues, attendance by UK Ministers and officials at Equinor events, and briefing of Ministers, interested politicians, and officials on Equinor's operations in the UK. Offshore Regulators North Set Transition authority (formerly Oil and Gas Authority), Health and Safety Executive and Offshore Petroleum Regulator for Environment and Decommissioning Company Directors, Managers and representatives liaise with the regulators in a variety of ways: informal and formal meetings, report submissions and data monitoring and reporting as well as facilitating onshore and offshore regulatory inspections. Industry associations Step Change in Safety Step Change in Safety is a member-led organisation where the objective is to share and adopt best safety practices for UK.CSoffshore operations. Net Zero Technology Centre (NZTC) Equinor is a corporate member of NZTC and a strategic partner of the TechX Pioneer Programme, a technology accelerator and incubator for start-ups. The goal ofNZTC is to unlock the full potential of the UK North Sea, anchor the supply chain in North East Scotland and inspire a culture of innovation and transformation. Renewable UK (RUK) Equinor cooperates with RUK on many areas such as aligning messaging to government on offshore wind, participation in the Global Offshore Wind conference, different work groups etc. Equinor is concentrating efforts to focus on offshore wind and participates in workstreams important in shaping the future of offshore wind in the UK such as, aviation, system flexibility and services, market design, offshore consents and Licensing, and supply chain development. The Offshore Wind Industry Council (OWIC), a senior Government and industry forum consisting of 10 developers and 3 OEM to drive the development of the world-leading offshore wind sector in the UK. Equinor has been very active in following up the different workstreams of the Sector Deal and Equinor is the Sponsor for Offshore Wind Growth Partnership (OWGP). The Council oversee and drive the implementation of the Sector Deal and are supported by a Secretary/Offshore Wind Sector Deal Programme Manager, hosted within RUK. The OWGP is the main vehicle of the Sector Deal supporting high growth companies in the UK offshore wind supply chain to enable 60% UK content by 2030. G+ Global Offshore Wind Health and Safety Organisation Equinor held the chairperson role for G+ in 2021 and will from 2022 be a board member. Equinor also participates in the monthly meetings in the G+ Focal Group focusing on Safety. During 2021 there have also been meetings to share learning and experience from COVID-19 challenges. Learning and transfer of experience is the focus of G+ and the organization issues yearly accident statistics. The secretariate for G+ sit in London and are part of the Energy Institute.

Highlight [page 23]: GWO - Global Wind Organisation GWO provides training standards for the wind industry that are in use globally and there are several training centres in the UK providing the GWO training that is mandatory for offshore wind duty holders. Equinor have a seat in the GWO Executive Committee and have the co-chair of the Training Committee. Offshore Energies UK (OEUK) Equinor UK Limited is an active member ofOEUK (formerly, Oil and Gas UK), the leading representative body for the UK offshore oil and gas industry, with Board representation and membership of a variety of sub-groups. OEUK membership offers an opportunity to shape the industry agenda and work collaboratively with industry peers on policy advocacy and promotion of industry good practise. Management and representatives represent the Company on a variety of industry led forums and workgroups, including safety and environment, supply chain, legal, and net zero groups and Council meetings. Local community support Active and effective stakeholder outreach is increasingly important in the UK as our business continues to grow. This also includes outreach to our local communities through, amongst other things, monetary donations, employee volunteering and participating in local events. Equinor employees in the UK are entitled to use up to 2 working days a year for volunteer activities which are Company supported. Opportunities are many and varied, and examples include engaging with local school children by hosting a Maths breakfast club, IT support sessions for the elderly and reading sessions with school children. Alongside local community outreach, Equinor in the UK has a number of sponsorships, which are aimed at supporting the next generation through the promotion of Science, Technology, Engineering and Maths (STEM): • We are title sponsor ofWonderlab: The Equinor Gallery at the Science Museum in London. • We are Digital Futures Partner of the Aberdeen Science Centre. • We sponsor a public outreach programme focussed on STEM through the Techfest Festivals in Aberdeen, delivering an annual 2-day STEM event. • Through the University of Aberdeen Equinor supports an annual scholarship of the Integrated Petroleum Geoscience programme which provides funding as well as a placement project linked to our UK upstream portfolio. Equinor has enjoyed a long-standing collaboration with Imperial College since 2013, currently through the sponsoring of 40 MSc scholarships over a 5-year period (2018-2022). The objective is to stimulate research and competence development within strategically important areas for both parties and to hire a proportion of sponsored graduating students. Over the years scholarships have been given within Civil- and Chemical Engineering and the Earth Sciences departments, but the scope has now been broadened into other important areas such as e.g., renewable energy (offshore wind), energy transition and digitalization