
Highlight [page 7]: STATEMENT OF CORPORATE GOVERNANCE ARRANGEMENTS This statement is made pursuant to Section 26(2) of The Companies (Miscellaneous Reporting) Regulations 2018. The following section sets out the arrangements for corporate governance that were applied in respect of the Company in 2021. A number of group-wide policies and procedures are developed by the Company's ultimate parent company, Exxon Mobil Corporation (the "Corporation") and adopted by the Company. Collectively, these policies and procedures incorporate the essential elements of effective corporate governance. Accordingly, the Company does not adopt a separate corporate governance code. In the following paragraphs we consider the six Wates Corporate Governance Principles for Large Private Companies within the context of the policies and procedures adopted by the Company and used in its business. Purpose and leadership The first of the Wates Principles states that an effective board develops and promotes the purpose of a company and ensures that its values, strategy and culture align with that purpose. In its Statement of Guiding Principles, the Corporation expresses its commitment to being the world's premier petroleum and chemical manufacturing company. As a subsidiary of the Corporation, the Company has a well-developed and defined purpose, as reflected in its principal activities of the exploration for, production, transportation and sale of crude oil, natural gas and natural gas liquids. The development of the 2021 annual corporate plan for the business of the Company involved directors of the Company, .senior managers of the Company's business and its functional advisers. The plan was ultimately approved by representatives of the Corporation. Throughout 2021, the directors participated in quarterly review meetings with business line managers and senior advisors from Law, Tax, Controllers, Public and Government Affairs ("P&GA"), Safety, Security, Health & Environment ("SSHE") and Human Resources ("HR"). These meetings provided opportunity to engage on the Company's performance against plan and other key performance indicators, including SSHE. Updates from the business lines, the HR and P&GA departments were standing items at all such meetings. The values of the Company are reflected in the Statement of Guiding Principles, Standards of Business Conduct and Procedures & Open Door Communications which have been adopted by the Company. All directors, officers and employees of the Company are required to apply the Standards of Business Conduct in their work, routinely review the Standards of Business Conduct in a company training forum and annually provide certification of their compliance with the Standards of Business Conduct.

Highlight [page 8]: Board composition The second of the Wates Principles states that an effective board composition requires an effective chair and a balance of skill, backgrounds, experience and knowledge, with individual directors having sufficient capacity to make a valuable contribution, noting that the size of a board should be guided by the scale and complexity of the company. Each of the directors is an employee, either of the Company, or of another ExxonMobil affiliate. Nominations to the Board of Directors (the "Board") are required to be reviewed by certain functional advisors and a senior manager from the business line. The review procedure specifically provides that individuals may not final review their own election or appointment. The associated guidelines require that nominees: • are able to represent and speak for the interests of the Company's shareholders; • collectively have the necessary technical and business acumen to deal with both the specific and broad range of affairs of the Company; and • include members who have a functional background specifically related to the Company's primary business activities as well as others with sufficient knowledge of essential supportive functions such as financial, legal and tax. Throughout 2021, the Board comprised senior business and finance managers of the business of the Company. Responsibilities The third of the Wates Principles states that the board and individual directors should have a clear understanding of their accountability and responsibilities, with policies and procedures supporting effective decision-making and independent challenge. Upon appointment to the Board, all directors complete an induction training programme, providing them with a clear understanding of their accountability and responsibilities. This is reviewed on an annual basis by the directors through a mandatory process for governance assurance, which is carried out globally and stewarded by the Corporation. The directors have access to dedicated legal and company secretarial resources. Delegation of authority by the directors is documented in a Delegation of Authority Guide and a financial authority schedule, which provides for the appropriate review levels for the various transactions in respect of ·which authority has been delegated. The procedure provides reassurance to the directors that when matters come before the Board for review and/or approval, the quality and integrity of information is reliable. The quarterly review meetings mentioned above provide the directors with an opportunity to review a variety of information relating to the business of the Company such as SSHE matters, KPls, financial reporting, HR and stakeholder engagement; and engage with senior managers of the business of the Company. These processes and engagements provide the directors with additional information to assist their effective stewardship of the Company's performance, enabling them to make informed decisions.

Highlight [page 9]: Opportunity and risk The fourth of the Wates Principles provides that a board should promote the long-term sustainable success of the company by identifying opportunities to create and preserve value, and establishing oversight for the identification and mitigation of risks. Promotion of these two aspects of governance are enabled in the governance structure of the Company as follows: • The Corporation has global functions whose purpose it is to identify opportunities to create and preserve the value of the Corporation's businesses. These functions work within the ExxonMobil risk management framework, which provides a structured and comprehensive approach to identify, prioritise and manage risks. • The Company's Board acknowledges its responsibility for establishing oversight of the opportunities, risks and rewards identified and provides, through oversight of the application of the Delegation of Authority Guide that the business arrangements and transactions are appropriate to the Company's needs and receive appropriate review. Once an opportunity and its associated risks have been identified by a function, the functional manager presents it to the Company's Board for engagement and discussion and to provide the directors with an opportunity to consider the opportunity, in light of the long-term sustainable success of the Company. Throughout the year the Board has been engaged in activity that demonstrates its promotion of the long-term sustainable success of the Company by the identification of opportunities and identification and mitigation of risks. Some of these activities are perennial, whilst others are singular events. For example; the Board undertook its annual review and reaffirmation of the Company's commitment to its Health and Safety policy and regularly monitored the Company's performance against the objectives set by that policy; it also undertook a detailed review of its portfolio of assets, taking the decision to divest the Company's interests in its Central and Northern North Sea ("CNNS") assets, which had lower long-term strategic value to the Company, to a third party for a profit. Remuneration The fifth of the Wates Principles states that a board should promote executive remuneration structures aligned to the long-term sustainable success of a company, taking into account pay and conditions elsewhere in the company. Each of the directors is an employee, either of the Company, or of another ExxonMobil affiliate. Compensation programs and budgets, which include remuneration structures for all employees of the Company and its affiliates, are developed and endorsed by the HR department and subject to a documented process for review, endorsement and final review. Compensation design principles are intended to be aligned with the business strategy of the Company in that they are business driven, long-term oriented and intended to deliver levels of total remuneration that will attract, retain and reward high quality and productive employees in support of the Company's business objectives.

Highlight [page 10]: The sixth of the Wates Principles provides that directors should foster effective stakeholder relationships aligned to the company's purpose, with the board responsible for overseeing meaningful engagement with stakeholders, including the workforce, and having regard to their views when taking decisions. The Corporation's key stakeholders are identified in its Guiding Principles and The Standards of Business Conduct sets the framework for dialogue with its workforce and wider stakeholders. The directors' statement of compliance with the duty to promote the success of the Company, included in the Company's Strategic report, explains how the Company's Board has adopted the Guiding Principles and Standards of Business Conduct, details the stakeholders that are key to the Company's business, the engagement with the various stakeholders in 2021 and how the directors have had regard to each of them through the year. In particular and in connection with the divestment of the Company's North Sea Assets, the board promoted meaningful engagement between the Company and its wider stakeholders throughout the implementation of the transaction.