
Highlight [page 46]: Corporate Governance Report

Highlight [page 47]: Chairman's introduction We are firmly committed to high standards of corporate governance and maintaining a sound framework for the control and management of the business. The Board recognises that effective governance is key to the implementation of our strategy for our Shareholder and wider stakeholders and values strong relationships with our workforce. Corporate Governance principles The Group has applied the Wates Corporate Governance Principles for Large Private Companies (published by the Financial Reporting Council ('FRC') in December 2018) and the Guidelines for Disclosure and Transparency in Private Equity Companies (the "Walker PERGGuidelines'') in respect of its financial year commencing on 1 January 2021, and has met the requirements of the regulations that are set out within the Strategic Report and Directors Report. As a major UK general insurer, the Group is familiar and comfortable with the corporate governance practices expected of a public limited company without a premium listing but with listed debt and the legislation applicable to Public Interest Entities. The Group also complies fully with the corporate governance requirements of the Companies Act 2006, the Companies Miscellaneous Reporting (Regulations) 2018 and the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (and its associated regulations) in so far as they are applicable to it. Governance highlights in 2021 • Transformation programme oversight - keen focus on appropriate risk management, delivery velocity, financial control and effectiveness of relationships with our strategic suppliers and partners. • Preparations for FCA GIPP - ensuring compliance with rules, as they were finalised during the year, and appropriate response in terms of commercial and trading strategy. • People - regular review of colleague engagement monitoring and actions taken to address it, including the appropriate flexible staged return to office working in line with government guidelines on Covid, together with resource and succession planning. • Customer - increased focus on our customer journeys, strategy and proposition, including product design, optimisation of customer experience and service delivery. • ESG agenda - significantly increased focus on all aspects of our ESG agenda, specifically on the Company's actions and planning on sustainability and Inclusion & Diversity. • Full Board Effectiveness Review - an external consultancy was appointed and undertook a facilitated review. Andy Haste Chairma·n of the Board of D

Highlight [page 47]: 1 March 2022

Highlight [page 48]: Board of Directors • Audit Committee member Q Denotes Chair • • Risk Committee member Remuneration Committee member • Denotes invitation to attend Andy Haste Non-Executive Chairman Appointed: March 2020 Background and experience Andy is an experienced Director with a wealth of experience in board leadership, executing change, delivering profitable growth and increasing shareholder value. Andy has over 40 years' experience in financial services. He is a highly regarded director having held several non-executive roles serving as a Chairman, Deputy Chair, Board level Committee Chair and Senior Independent Director at a range of high-profile and regulated organisations. Prior appointments Until October 2021, Andy served as the Senior Independent Deputy Chairman of Lloyd's of London where he chaired its Remuneration Committee, Technology and Transformation Committee and Capacity Transfer Panel. He was also a member of Lloyd's Nominations and Governance Committee. Andy has held previous roles including Chairman of Wonga Group, Senior Independent Director of ITV PLC, Group Chief Executive of RSA Insurance Group PLC, Chief Executive of AXA Sun Life PLC and Executive Director AXA UK PLC. He was also a member of the board of the Association of British Insurers from 2003 to 2011 and a Visiting Fellow at the Oxford University Centre for Corporate Reputation between 2008 and 2019. Andy became a member of the Risk and Audit Committees on 23 November 2021. •• ••• David McMillan Chief Executive Officer Appointed: July 2019 Background and experience During his career, David has been responsible for leading different businesses through start-up, high growth, restructuring and turnaround phases. He holds a BA in Finance and Computer-Science from Heriot-Watt University, an executive MBA from the University of Chicago and is a Fellow of the Institute of Management Accountants. David is a non-executive director of Scottish Rugby Union pie.

Highlight [page 49]: Prior appointments Prior to joining esure, David was Group Chief Operating Officer of QBE, one of the world's top 20 insurance and reinsurance companies and was responsible for Strategy, Transformation, Digital, Technology and Operations. Before QBE, he was Chief Executive Officer, Europe and India and Chairman of Global Health Insurance for Aviva pie. Earlier in his career at Aviva, David was Chief Executive Officer of UK General Insurance & Group Transformation Officer. He joined Aviva in 2002 following almost 10 years with the management consulting arm of PricewaterhouseCoopers. •• ••• David chairs the Group Executive Committee. Peter Bole Chief Financial Officer Appointed: March 2020 Background and experience Peter is accountable for the leadership of the finance function, ensuring the effective delivery of all aspects of financial management of the business. Peter has over 25 years' experience in finance leadership roles across several strong consumer businesses within the Banking and Insurance sectors. Prior appointments Prior to joining esure, Peter was Chief Financial Officer of Virgin Money having moved there from Tesco Bank where he was also the Chief Financial Officer. Earlier in his career Peter held senior financial roles at Direct Line Group, Standard Life and Deloitte. •• Committee membership Andrew Birrell Independent Non-Executive Appointed: December 2019 Background and experience Director Andrew is an Executive Director and founder of Universal Partners Limited and an independent non-executive director of Sun Life Financial of Canada (UK), Sanlam Group and Sanlam Life. Andrew has spent most of his career in financial services, including general, life and health insurance, investment management and banking, primarily as CFO of fast growing, entrepreneurial insurance businesses where he has had M&A and Balance Sheet responsibility along with delivering operational and strategic change. He trained as an Actuary an'd is a Fellow of the Institute and Faculty of Actuaries arid a Chartered Enterprise Risk Actuary.

Highlight [page 50]: Prior appointments Previously, Andrew held roles as Chief Financial Officer of the closed fund life assurance consolidation group, Guardian Financial Services Ltd, and prior to that was the Group CRO and Chief Actuary of Old Mutual Pie. He also formerly held the role of Chief Operating Officer and Chief Financial Officer at Investec Securities Ltd, South Africa and Chief Financial Officer of Capital Alliance Holdings, South Africa. Andrew also recently held roles as non-executive director then Chairman of Assupol Holdings and Assupol Life Limited and as a non-executive director of Investec Life. Committee membership 0•• Alan Rubenstein Independent Non-Executive Director Appointed: March 2017; Resigned 31 Dec 2021 Background and experience Alan has had a long and distinguished career in investment banking and asset management. Alan is the Chair of the National House-Building Council and a non-executive director of British Coal Staff Superannuation Scheme Trustees Ltd and of Pool Reinsurance Company Ltd. He is also Chair of the Pembroke Heritage Fund. Committee membership until 31 December 2021. Peter Shaw Independent Non-Executive Appointed: March 2017 Background and experience Director Peter has a wide range of experience in both risk and business roles throughout a career in financial services of over 30 years. Peter is a non-executive director of Willis Limited. Prior appointments Peter spent the majority of his career at Royal Bank of Scotland and NatWest, having joined as a graduate, progressing through a number of business roles before spending his last eight years in the risk function, latterly as chief risk officer for the Retail, Wealth and Ulster Bank businesses. He formerly also held the roles of non-executive director Aldermore Bank pie and at Bank of Ireland (UK) pie. Committee membership 0•• Elke Reichart Independent Non-Executive Appointed: January 2021 Director

Highlight [page 51]: Background and experience Elke is a member of the Supervisory Board of Suse SA. She was formally CEO at TUI InfoTech and Chief Digital Officer at TUI Group, the world's leading tourism business, and is responsible for Group-wide IT solutions and implementation. Elke has 30 years' experience in the IT industry and an impressive track record of driving large-scale business transformations on a global scale. She graduated in Roman Languages and Literature, Economics and Applied Information Sciences at the Universities of GieBen and Montpellier, France. Elke is passionate about encouraging more women to forge a career in technology - she was named in the Inspiring Filty DACH Awards and won CIO of the Year in 2019. Prior appointments Previously, Elke held several management positions at Hewlett Packard (HP) and took over as Vice President for Strategy and Planning at HP's head office in Palo Alto in 2012. In 2013, sh~ headed an international team and led the largest transformation programme to date at HP. From 2009 to 2016, Elke was a member of the supervisory board of HP Germany. On her return from the USA in 2015, she started to work as a business consultant for CureVac AG, a biotech company in Germany. In December 2017, Elke was appointed a member of the Supervisory board of Bechtle AG. Committee membership - Subject to regulatory approval Elke was appointed Chair of •• Robin Marshall Non-Executive Director Appointed: December 2018 Background and experience Robin joined Bain Capital Private Equity in 2009. He is a Managing Director and Co-Head of the European Private Equity team. Robin serves as a non-executive director on the Board of the UK's Ministry of Defence. Prior to joining Bain Capital Private Equity, Robin was a Partner at 3i. He was the founding partner of 3i's US Private Equity business and before that was a Managing Director of 3i's UK business. Robin received his master's degree from the University of Glasgow. He was also a post-graduate Thouron Fellow at the University of Pennsylvania. Prior appointments Previously, Robin held roles with McKinsey & Company and Procter & Gamble. Committee None. membership Philip Loughlin Non-Executive Director Appointed: December 2018

Highlight [page 52]: Background and experience Philip joined Bain Capital Private Equity in 1996. He is a Managing Director in the Consumer, Retail & Dining and Financial & Business Service Verticals and a member of the North American Private Equity team. Philip received an MBA from Harvard Business School, where he was a Baker Scholar. He graduated cum laude with an AB from Dartmouth College. Prior appointments Prior to joining Bain Capital Private Equity, Philip was a consultant at Bain & Company. He also served in operating roles at Eagle Snacks, Inc. and Norton Company. Committee None. membership Luca Bassi Non-Executive Director Appointed: December 2018 Background and experience Luca joined Bain Capital Private Equity in 2003. He is co-Head of the Technology, Financial and Business Services vertical and a member of the European Private Equity team. Luca focuses on investments in the financial technology and services sector as well as on the coverage of Southern Europe (Italy and Spain). Luca received an MBA from Columbia Business School. He graduated magna cum laude with a BS in Economics from Bocconi University. • Prior appointments Prior to joining Bain Capital, Luca worked for Goldman Sachs in the Investment Banking Division in London where he advised Italian and international companies on cross-border M&A transactions. Previously, he worked as a strategy consultant at Bain & Company in Milan where he focused on the financial services sectors. •• ••• James Stevens Non-Executive Director Appointed: April 2020 Background and experience James joined Bain Capital Private Equity in 2014. He is a Principal in the Technology, Financial and Business Services Vertical and a member of the European Private Equity team. He has an LLB, First Class Honours and a B. Com in Finance from the University of Canterbury, New Zealand. Prior appointments Prior to joining Bain Capital Private Equity, James worked as a consultant at Bain & Company in London and Sydney across a number of sectors including Private Equity, consumer products and mining. Prior to this he worked in renewable energy across Asia.

Highlight [page 53]: •• membership Group Executive Committee David McMillan chairs the Group Executive Committee which comprises the Chief Financial Officer, Chief Risk Officer, Chief Technology Officer, Chief Commercial Officer, Chief Trading Officer, Chief Strategy and Transformation Officer, Chief People Officer, Chief Claims Officer and the General Counsel & Company Secretary. Company ownership In December 2018, esure Group was acquired by Blue (BC) Bidco Limited, a wholly owned subsidiary of funds advised by Bain Capital Private Equity, LP and its affiliates. esure was established in 2000 and is headquartered in Reigate, Surrey, UK. The company was originally conceived for the online channel which now dominates insurance distribution. Bain Capital Private Equity (Europe), LLP is an investment adviser authorised and regulated by the FCA. Bain Capital Private Equity (Europe), LLP is an indirect subsidiary of Bain Capital, LP, a global investment firm based in Boston, Massachusetts, USA. It is based in London and is the investment adviser to the following European private equity funds: • Bain Capital Fund VII-E, LP • Bain Capital Fund VIII-E, LP • Bain Capital Europe Fund III, LP • Bain Capital Fund Europe - V, SCSp and the investment • Bain Capital Fund Europe - IV, LP

Highlight [page 53]: 1 sub-advisor to:

Highlight [page 54]: Our Governance Framework Board of Directors Membership: Responsible for: Andy Haste (Chair), Executive and Non-Executive Directors • leadership and oversight of the Group and has overall authority for the management and conduct of the Group's business, strategy and development; • ensuring the maintenance of a sound system of internal control and risk management (including financial, operational and compliance controls, and for reviewing the overall effectiveness of systems in place); • the approval of any changes to the capital, corporate and management structure of the Group; and • the environmental, social and governance agenda. Audit Committee Independent Non-Executive Directors Monitors the integrity of the Group's financial and solvency statements, of the external and internal auditors and internal control processes. Risk Committee Independent Non-Executive Directors the effectiveness Reviews the effectiveness of the Group's risk management systems, the overall risk assessment processes and methodology and sets the Group's risk appetite. Remuneration Committee Non-Executive Directors Accountable for remuneration policy, short- and long-term incentives for Executives and the senior management team, and the appointment/ termination of individual Executives. Group Executive Committee Chief Executive and his direct reports Responsible for the overall management of the Group, driving its vision and strategy and ensuring the organisational culture leverages diversity, industry knowledge and customer insight. Also comprises: • Group Executive Risk Committee • Group Executive ESG Committee

Highlight [page 55]: The role of the Board Our role as the Board is to promote the long-term success of the Group. We do this by implementing and overseeing frameworks for governance, risk and performance management and receiving regular updates on governance, stakeholder engagement activities, risk, strategy, performance and culture. The Board has delegated a number of its responsibilities to Board Committees. This assists the Board in carrying out its functions and ensures there is independent oversight of internal control, risk management and remuneration policy. These Committees are comprised of independent Non-Executive Directors and utilise the expertise and experience of their members to examine subjects in detail and make recommendations to the Board where required. Whilst day to day responsibility for the business lies with the Executive management team, we maintain a Schedule of Matters Reserved for the Board to ensure that key decisions that affect the Group and are of the utmost importance to our Shareholder and wider stakeholders are taken by the Board as a whole. Key matters reserved for the Board: • Approval of the Group's strategic plan and objectives and setting the Group's values and standards • Approving changes to the Group's capital structure or arrangements including loans, repayments or reinsurance • Approval of financial statements, capital adequacy and significant changes in accounting policies • Approval of the Group's Risk Appetite Statement • Approval of capital projects or treasury activities over pre-determined amounts • Appointment and removal of Board members • Approval of significant Group policies • Appointment and removal of the Chairman, Chief Executive Officer, Chief Finance Officer, Chief Risk Officer, Chief Actuary and Company Secretary Areas of focus in 2021 Key matters considered Outcome Strategy • Transformation programme • Market • Regulatory developments • Updates at each meeting (plus additional meetings) to monitor and challenge progress, velocity, scope, risk management, effectiveness of third-party partners, and budget • Input received, and assessed, from independent assurance review • CEO updates on market M&A activity, competitor results, and new entrants • Updates at each meeting on latest FCA and PRA regulatory developments, correspondence; discussions and our response. Culture • Colleague engagement • Whistleblowing review line • Modern slavery • CEO updates on colleague engagement scores and feedback -appropriate action agreed. • Full review of use of whistleblowing line over previous year • Review of Modern Slavery Act Statement, updated Supplier Code of Conduct, and enhanced processes to ensure continued compliance.

Highlight [page 56]: Areas of focus in 2021 Key matters considered Outcome • Mandatory training • Group policies • Mandatory training undertaken by Board members, and monitored for all colleagues • Approval of updated Group policies on Code of Conduct, Health and Safety (H&S), Anti-bribery & Corruption, Board Diversity, and Whistleblowing Risk • Risk appetite and principal risks • ORSA • Conducted a robust assessment of the emerging and principal risks facing the Group and determined the appropriate risk appetite in order to achieve its long-term strategic objectives • Received an update on the effectiveness of risk management from the Audit Committee • Reviewed and approved the ORSA in early January 2022. Operational Performance • Operations • Claims • Customer experience • Focused Board session on customer journey strategy and proposition vision • Approved approach to conduct risk focused on eradicating customer pain points • Considered impact on customers from lower service levels and remedial actions to be taken • Reviewed approach and status of cyber security and data privacy Governance • Governance framework • Succession planning • Effectiveness • Reviewed and updated the terms of reference for the principal Committees • Considered the risk relating to talent and capability and reviewed succession plans at the most senior . level of the business • An externally facilitated evaluation was conducted for the Board and its Committees to reflect on their own performance and recommend areas for improvement. ESG • Company initiatives, including ClimateWise Report and proposed Path to Net Zero • Inclusion & Diversity • Focused Board sessions on all ESG-related activity being undertaken by the Group • Agreement of appropriate targets related to the same • Updated Equity, Inclusion and Diversity Policy and Board Diversity· Policy

Highlight [page 56]: Published Gender Pay Gap report

Highlight [page 57]: Areas of focus in 2021 Key matters considered Outcome • Approved initiatives and commitments supporting I&D objectives Financial Performance • Monthly performance • Budget • Trading strategy • Capital strategy • Reinsurance strategy • CFO updates on financial performance at every meeting • The Board reviewed performance against the 2021 budget and approved the budget for 2022 • Received regular updates on market environment and proposed trading response • Approved the raising of £75m rTl capital • Approved proposed 2022 reinsurance programme.

Highlight [page 58]: Roles and responsibilities The Chairman - Andy Haste • Leads the Board and sets the agenda • Promotes a culture of openness and debate • Ensures the Board is effective • Facilitates the contribution of Independent Non-Executive Directors and oversees the relationship between them and the Non-Executive Directors and Executive Directors Chief Executive Officer, Executive Director - David McMillan • Responsible for the performance and management of the Group's business • Leads the senior Executive team in the day-to- day running of the Group's business • Charged with recommending and then implementing the Board's strategy and decisions • Responsible for ensuring effective internal controls and risk management systems • Keeps the Chairman informed on all important matters Chief Financial Officer, Executive Director - Peter Bole • Supports the CEO in the leadership and management of the Group's business • Accountable for the leadership of the finance function, ensuring the effective delivery of all aspects of the financial management of the business. Independent Non-Executive Directors - Peter Shaw, Andrew Birrell, Elke Reichart, Alan Rubensteinl • Bring a very broad level of experience across the financial, commercial, actuarial and technology sectors • Constructively challenge management and scrutinise performance • Contribute to the development of the Group's strategy • Monitor the Group's performance • Satisfy themselves on the effectiveness of financial controls, risk management and appropriate conduct • Participate in the selection and recruitment of new Directors and succession planning. 1Alan Rubenstein resigned effective 31 December 2021. Non-Executive Stevens Directors - Robin Marshall, Phil Loughlin, Luca Bassi, James • Bring representation of the Shareholder view to the Board • Constructively challenge management and scrutinise performance • Contribute to the development of the Group's strategy • Monitor the Group's performance • Satisfy themselves on the effectiveness of financial controls, risk management and appropriate conduct • Participate in the selection and recruitment of new Directors and succession planning. Company Secretary - Kirsty Whitehead • Acts as Secretary to the Board and its Committees • Ensures compliance with Board procedures and advises on governance issues • Ensures good information flow within the Board and between the Non-Executive Directors and senior management. Directors' external activities and conflicts of interest Directors have a statutory duty to avoid situations in which they have a direct or indirect conflict of interest or possible conflict of interest with the Company. Under the Company's Articles of Association, the Board has the ability to authorise any actual or potential conflicts that may arise. The Group has a Conflicts of interest policy which was last reviewed and approved by the Board in February 2021. There is a procedure in place to deal with any actual or potential conflicts of interest and Directors are required to review and confirm their interests annually. Prior to taking on additional responsibilities or external appointments, Directors are required to declare any interests that may give

Highlight [page 59]: rise to a conflict of interest on appointment and to obtain authorisation from the

Highlight [page 59]: Chairman subsequently as they arise. It is a Directors' responsibility to ensure that they will be able to meet the time commitment expected of them in their role in the Group. Any potential conflicts approved by the Board are recorded in a Conflicts of Interest Register and are noted by the Board at its next meeting. The Board is satisfied that the systems for the reporting of conflicts of interest continue to operate effectively. Equity, inclusion and diversity Succession planning and diversity were a key area of focus for the Board during the year. The Board continues to focus on achieving an inclusive, balanced and diverse Board membership to include a mixture of skills, professional and industry backgrounds, geographical experiences and expertise, gender, tenure, ethnicity and diversity of thoughts. This brings a range of views, insights, perspectives and opinions which will improve its decision making and be of benefit to all the Company's stakeholders. The Board continues to focus on promoting diversity across its executive pipeline, senior leadership roles and all its employees. Board evaluation The Board completed an internal self-assessment questionnaire-based evaluation in Q4 2020. An external firm was appointed to undertake a facilitated review in 2021 which focused on key governance areas agreed with the Chairman and Company Secretary. Significant progress was made against the action plan agreed by the Board as a result of the self-assessment evaluation in 2020: increased focus on non-financial matters including customers, ESG and our people; more robust succession planning for Executive Directors and key management positions; and enhancing the skill sets and diversity of the Board. The Board reviewed and discussed the output from the evaluation conducted by the external consultant. The Board was assessed to be currently operating effectively but has agreed actions in various areas to further improve its effectiveness and efficiency. There will be continued emphasis on the customer voice and needs, increased attention on colleague talent and succession planning, a keener focus on social and environmental topics, and a continued drive for greater diversity of skills and expertise on the Board. Progress against these actions will be reported in the 2022 Annual Report and Accounts. Website The Group's website www.esuregroup.com provides a source of information for stakeholders about the Group and contains financial presentations and publications, including the online Annual Report, mid-year report in line with the Walker PERG Guidelines and recent press releases.

Highlight [page 60]: Audit Committee Report The Audit in 2021, maintains Committee remained at the heart of the Group's governance process working in tandem with the Risk Committee, to ensure that the Group a strong internal control environment. During the year, the Committee has focused on outstanding claims reserves, financial reporting, the effectiveness of internal controls, the impact of IFRS 17, regulatory reform, and challenged the work of both internal and external audit. In addition, the Committee ran a tender process for a new external auditor. Audit Committee composition and meetings The Committee is comprised of Independent Non-Executive Directors. Andrew Birrell is the Chair with the other members being Peter Shaw and Alan Rubenstein (who stepped down effective 31 December 2021). Andy Haste was appointed as a member on 23 November 2021. The Chief Executive Officer, the Chief Financial Officer, the Chief Risk Officer, the Chief Audit Officer, Non-Executive Directors and the Company Secretary, along with the external and internal auditors, are invited to attend meetings of the Committee. Other members of senior management are invited to present reports as necessary. Cross-membership of the Committee and the Risk Committee has permitted both Committees to ensure that their Terms of Reference remain appropriate to cover both the internal control and Risk Management framework of the Group. Responsibilities The key responsibilities in respect of: of the Committee are to assist the Board in discharging its duties • Agreeing the scope of the external audit, receiving and reviewing reports from the Group's external auditor, monitoring its effectiveness and independence, and making recommendations to the Board in respect of the auditor's remuneration, appointment and dismissal. • Monitoring and reviewing Internal Audit activities . . • Approving the annual Internal Audit plan and updates to that plan. • Reviewing the Annual Report and Accounts of the Group and any other announcements. • Reviewing the Solvency and Financial Condition Report and the Group Regular Supervisory Report (RSR). • Reviewing the effectiveness of the Group's system of internal controls. • Reviewing the adequacy and effectiveness of the Group's Whistleblowing Policy. The Committee is authorised to investigate any activity within its Terms of Reference and to seek any information that it requires from any employee. It has the right to consult professional advisors and, if it is not satisfied with the advice received, seek further independent professional advice. The Committee's Chairman formally reports to the Board on its proceedings after each Committee meeting.

Highlight [page 61]: Key areas of focus Financial Reporting The Committee, taking account of input from the external auditor, reviewed and challenged the financial reporting for the Group, including the Annual Report and Accounts and Solvency II reporting. As part of these reviews, the Committee assessed whether suitable accounting policies had been adopted, whether management had made appropriate estimates and judgements and whether disclosures in this Annual Report and Accounts are fair, balanced and comprehensive and in line with the Wates Corporate Governance Principles for Large Private Companies and the Walker PERG Guidelines. The Group's control environment underpins the integrity of the Financial Statements and the Solvency II reporting. The Committee considered reports from the Chief Risk Officer, Chief Audit Officer and external auditor to satisfy itself that the control environment supporting the Financial Statements is properly designed and operating effectively. Outstanding claims reserves Outstanding claims reserves continue to be the most significant financial judgement relating to the Group's Financial Statements. As part of its consideration of this, the Committee received reports from the external auditor, the Chief Actuary, the Risk function and an independent review by an external consultancy firm. These reports considered the projected ultimate claims costs, inherent uncertainties, range of potential outcomes and the impact of reinsurance arrangements. The Committee, after challenging and debating the process, key judgements and assumptions and noting the inherent uncertainties associated with reserving for claims, is satisfied that outstanding claims reserves included in these Financial Statements are appropriate. In reaching this conclusion, the Committee specifically considered risks related to the impact of the Covid pandemic. Other matters The Committee also considered several other matters, including: • New accounting standards which may impact the Group in future years including IFRS 9 and IFRS 17. • The requirement for the Group to publish its Tax Strategy. • Reviewing the half yearly report in line with the Walker Guidelines for publication. • Review of the Proposed reforms to Corporate Reporting and Governance regimes under UK Corporate Governance Reform by the Department of Business, Energy and Industrial Strategy (BEIS) • Solvency II returns to Regulator • Information underpinning the processes, proposed accounting, tax and own funds treatment in respect of the Rtl Notes • Valuation of private assets • The core financial controls framework for the new operating platform being developed. Internal Audit Internal Audit has established a three-year audit cycle with annual delivery plans to focus on the most significant risks to the business and ensure that adequate controls are in place and that they are desi!1}nedand operating effectively. This is reviewed quarterly and draws on a range of inputs, including the Group's risk registers, to help plan and inform its priorities. The Committee concluded that it was satisfied with the plans and that they were addressing the key risks.

Highlight [page 62]: Internal Audit reports are presented to the Audit Committee on the effectiveness of the Group's systems of internal controls and the adequacy of these systems to manage business risk and to safeguard the Group's assets and resources. The Committee considered these, alongside updates from management, to satisfy itself that appropriate actions or mitigating controls are in place in response to any findings. The Committee performed its annual review of the Internal Auditor and, having also considered management's opinion, the Committee was satisfied that the Internal Audit function remains independent, effective and fit for purpose. External Audit The Committee oversees the Group's relationship with the external auditor, KPMG LLP, and conducts an annual, formal review of the relationship, policies and procedures to ensure independence. The Group's policy on non-audit work is updated annually and was last updated on 23 November 2021. This policy ensures that the external auditor independence and objectivity are preserved and sets out when it may be appropriate for the external auditor to provide other services and the governance and safeguards in place around such appointments. The Committee reviewed the effectiveness of the external auditor, including consideration of the quality of the external auditor's report to the Committee and the interaction of the audit partner with the Committee and was satisfied with the performance and effectiveness of KPMG. It concluded that KPMG continues to display the necessary attributes of independence and objectivity. As a result of the mandatory requirement to rotate external audit firms, the Audit Committee commenced an audit re-tender process which was concluded in December 2021 with Deloitte LLP being selected for appointment for the year ending 31 December 2022. The Audit Committee will continue to review the effectiveness and independence of the external auditor each year. The Committee concluded that no conflicts of interest were found to exist between the work performed for the purpose of an external audit and the non-audit services provided by KPMG. Details of fees paid to KPMG in 2021 are included in Note 11 in the Financial Statements. Committee Terms of Reference The Committee carried out a review of its Terms of Reference during 2021. As a result of its work during the year, the Committee has concluded that it has acted in accordance with its Terms of Reference. Andrew Birrell Chair of the Audit Committee 1 March 2022

Highlight [page 63]: Risk Committee Report The Committee is comprised of Independent Non-Executive Directors. Peter Shaw is the Chair with the other members being Andrew Birrell and Alan Rubenstein (who stepped down effective 31 December 2021). Andy Haste was appointed as a member on 23 November 2021. The Chief Executive Officer, the Chief Financial Officer, the Chief Risk Officer, the Chief Audit Officer, Non-Executive Directors and the Company Secretary, along with the external and internal auditors, are. invited to attend meetings of the Committee. Other members of senior management are invited to present reports as necessary. Cross-membership of the Committee and the Audit Committee has permitted both Committees to ensure that their Terms of Reference remain appropriate to cover both the internal control and risk management framework of the Group. The Committee's key role is to provide oversight of and advice to the Board on the current risk exposures and future risk strategy of the Group, including the development and implementation of the Group's Risk Management Framework and the Group's approved risk appetite which can be found in the Strategic Report on pages 23 to 25. During the year, the Committee continued to have an open and transparent relationship with our regulators and considered feedback in respect of the ongoing suite of regulatory reviews and activity, both specific to the Group and industry-wide. Responsibilities The Committee responsibilities in respect of the Risk Management Framework are to: • Provide advice to the Board on risk strategy and oversight of current risk exposures in relation to risk appetite; • Keep under review the effectiveness of the Group's risk management systems, the overall risk assessment processes and methodology, and ensure that risk-based information is used effectively by management and the Board in the running of the business; • Evaluate potential emerging trends, including but not limited to environmental, social and governance trends, that may result in future adverse developments against the Group's risk appetite or new risk issues facing the Group and their potential impact on the business model; • Review the principal risk policies for consistency with the Group's risk appetite and approve any material changes to those policies; • Oversee and challenge the design and execution of stress and scenario testing, this includes reverse stress testing, day-to-day risk management and management's responsiveness to the findings and recommendations from the Chief Risk Officer and the Risk Management function; • Challenge due diligence on risk issues relating to material transactions and strategic proposals that are subject to approval by the Board; • Provide advice, oversight and challenge necessary to embed and maintain a supportive risk culture and review the effectiveness of its embedding and maintenance throughout the Group; • Review the capital adequacy of the Group, taking into account the forward-looking assessment of risks from the outcomes of the Own Risk and Solvency Assessment (ORSA) process and recommend to the Board for approval prior to submission to the Group's regulatory supervisor; • Approve the annual objectives of the Risk Management function, ensuring it has adequate resources, independence and has appropriate access to information to enable it to perform its function effectively;

Highlight [page 64]: • Review the approach by which each principal risk is controlled, and new and emerging risks are identified and managed; • Receive notification of any material breaches of risk appetite and discuss possible actions and solutions; and • Consider the implications of any changes proposed to regulations and legislation that could be material to the Group's risk appetite, risk exposure, management of risk and regulatory compliance. Key areas of focus Key matters discussed by the Committee during the year are set out below: • Regular oversight and review of governance and risk profile in relation to the Blueprint transformation programme, including assessing the management of change risks and the impact of the transformation on the overall business risk profile, including advising the Board on the current risk exposures, owning the external quality assurance programme, and future transformation risk strategy for the Group. • Oversight of the ORSA process and reporting including assessment of the overarching risks within the Group. • Oversight of responses and dialogue with the regulators in relation to pricing practices, reserving and risk exposure management. • Reporting on and debating material risk areas including Operational Resilience, Pricing, Reserving, Solvency, Conduct and Customer risk, Investment risk and Data and Cyber risk. • Assessment and debate regarding risk culture within the business. • Review and approval of policies including Conflicts of interest, Health and Safety, Outsourcing, Financial Crime, 'ESG', Supplier Code of Conduct. • Review of the 2022 reinsurance programme for recommendation to the Board. In addition, pages 26 to 29 provide a summary of the principal risks faced by the Group and key mitigating actions and an overview of emerging risks, along with recent and anticipated future developments. Further information on the Group's approach to risk, including the associated governance framework for managing risk, stress testing and an analysis of the principal risks, is set out in the risk management section on pages 24 to 29. Remuneration matters The Committee has a duty to advise the Remuneration Committee regarding both the design of senior executive short-ter,m and long-term incentive plans, to ensure that management are not being incentivised to take undue risks; and in discharging its responsibilities any risk management and control issues that have arisen that the Committee believes should be taken into account when determining executive remuneration payments under the aforementioned plans. Risk management function The Committee reviewed the remit and performance of the Group's risk management function to confirm that these functions have the requisite skills, experience and resources, along with unrestricted access to information, to discharge their responsibility effectively, in accordance with the relevant professional standards, and ensuring also that the functions have adequate independence. Risk Committee Terms of Reference The Committee carried out a review of its Terms of Reference during 2021. As a result of its work during th~ year, the Committee has concluded that it has acted ir:_iaccordance with its Terms of Reference. Peter Shaw Chair of the Risk Committee 1 March 2021

Highlight [page 65]: Remuneration Committee Report This report presents an overview of the remuneration of our Chairman, Executive Directors, Independent Non-Executive Directors and aggregate remuneration for our senior management team, together with a summary of our Remuneration Policy. The Committee is appointed by the Board and is comprised of Independent Non-Executive Directors and a representative Non-Executive Director of the Shareholder. Alan Rubenstein was the Chair until 31 December 2021 with Elke Reichart becoming Chair in January 2022. The other members of the Committee are Andrew Birrell, Peter Shaw and Luca Bassi. The Chairman, the Chief Executive Officer, the Chief People Officer, Chief Risk Officer, Non-Executive Directors and the Company Secretary, along with the external Committee advisors, are invited to attend meetings of the Committee, as appropriate for the agreed agenda. Other members of senior management are invited to present reports as necessary. Roles and responsibilities The role of the Remuneration Committee is to oversee remuneration arrangements and make decisions on behalf of the Board for Executive and Material Risk Takers (MRT) remuneration. In fulfilling their role, the Remuneration Committee is advised by the Chief Executive Officer, Chief People Officer, General Counsel, Chief Risk Officer and Chief Financial Officer. The Remuneration Committee may select, appoint, retain and terminate any remuneration consultants; and obtain (at the Company's expense) independent legal or other professional advice on any matters within its Terms of Reference. We have appointed FIT Remuneration Consultants as advisors. The roles and responsibilities apply in practice as follows: 1. Appointment/termination of individual Executives 2. Pay review for individual Executives 3. Short-terin incentive/ bonus payments for Executives 4. Long-term incentive award allocations/ grants for individual Executives 5. Short-term incentive/ bonus plan design (and annual targets for bonus purposes) 6. Long-term incentive plan design 7. Benefits Plan design 8. Agree population governed by Executive Remuneration Policy 9. Accountability for Remuneration Policy - Board approval for all proposed amendments 10. Setting of the Expense policy 11. Retirement terms 12. Contractual terms Executive and Material Risk Takers Remuneration Policy The Executive and MRT Remuneration Policy applies to the Chairman, Executives and the Material Risk Takers. It is reviewed and agreed annually by the Remuneration Committee. In setting the Policy and Individuals' remuneration, the Remuneration Committee is mindful of the remuneration on offer to the wider employee population within the Group. Key elements and principles of the Policy The Policy sets out key elements including key principles underpinning th·e Policy and the regulatory framework within which the policy sits, in addition to the roles and

Highlight [page 66]: responsibilities of the Remuneration Committee and the Chief Executive Officer in applying the policy. The policy supports the Group's strategy and is based on the following key principles: • Aligned to creating long-term sustainable success for the Group. • Competitive within the markets in which it operates (but not excessive) and supports the Group's ability to attract and retain talent. • Balanced appropriately between fixed and variable elements of remuneration in a way that rewards performance, encourages the right behaviours and eliminates undue behavioural and reputational risk and risk to the Group's capital base. • Simple and transparent in its design. Regulatory framework The role of the Remuneration Committee is to review and if appropriate approve recommendations for the remuneration of the Executives and Material Risk Takers to ensure that they comply with the relevant legal and regulatory requirements including but not limited to the: • Solvency II Directive regulations. The Group's size, as a Category 3 Insurer, allows some disapplication of certain aspects of the regulations where these are not appropriate; • Guidelines published by the Investment Association and the Pensions and Lifetime Savings Association; • Financial Conduct Authority's Remuneration Code, albeit recognising that esure is not bound by this; and • Wates Corporate Governance Principles for Large Private Companies which came into force from 1 January 2019. It also complies with the Companies Act 2006, and the Large and Medium- sized Companies and Group (Accounts and Reports) (Amendment) Regulations 2013. This Remuneration Policy will be kept under review in line with development in best practice, new regulation and legislation and in the best interests of the Group. Types of remuneration The remuneration for Executives and MRTs is set at a level that maintains an appropriate balance between fixed base pay, variable pay .and benefits, including: • Base pay: provide a fair level of fixed base pay to individual Executives and MRTs which reflects the individual's experience, role, contribution and external market pricing. • Pension: enable Executives and MRTs to build long-term savings for retirement in a tax efficient way. This includes participation in a Group pension scheme or receipt of a cash pension allowance. • Short-term Incentive - Bonus Plan: motivate and incentivise the Executive and MRTs to deliver company performance in line with strategy and annual plan expectations. The bonus pool is calculated using a basket of both financial and non-financial measures. Bonus amount considers both business and individual performance. • Long-term Incentive - Management Incentive Plan: motivate and incentivise Executives and MRTs to deliver long-term business plans, sustainable long-term growth and Group strategic priorities. A Management Incentive Plan (MIP) has been offered to a number of senior colleagues who are critical to achieving the long-ter,m goals of the organisation. It is expected that this incentive will be realised in a number of years and is subject to successful achievement of the long-term targets. • Other benefits: provide additional core benefits to Executives and MRTs that are market competitive. This may include provision of a range of benefits such as death in service, private medical insurance and other benefits as considered appropriate.

Highlight [page 67]: In setting the remuneration for Executives and MRTs, the Committee considers the remuneration on offer to the wider employee population within the Group. The Remuneration Committee and the Board closely monitor the Group's Gender Pay Gap reporting, our progress against the HM Treasury Women in Finance Charter and the organisation's approach to inclusion and diversity. Chairman and Independent Non-Executive Directors Remuneration Policy Remuneration for the Chairman is set by the Chair of the Remuneration Committee in consultation with the Shareholder. The remuneration for the Chair of the Remuneration Committee is set by the Chairman, in consultation with the Shareholder, while the remuneration for the other Non-Executive Directors is set by the Chair of the Remuneration Committee and the Chairman, in all cases advised by external advisers as necessary. No individual is involved in decision making related to their own remuneration. The structure of remuneration for the Chairman and Non-Executive Directors is through payment of fees to enable the Company to recruit and retain, at an appropriate cost, Non-Executive Directors with the necessary skills and experience to maintain appropriate guidance and oversight. Fees are reviewed annually, considering time commitments and equivalent benchmarks for comparable Non-Executive Director roles. In addition to the remuneration described in this section, the Chairman is also a participant in the MIP scheme described above. Chief Executive Officer The Chief Executive does not participate in the Remuneration Committee's discussion of his pay review and any variable remuneration award. The Remuneration Committee consults the Chairman and the Shareholder on the Chief Executive's performance. Risk management Identification of Solvency II staff The Group is required to identify the Solvency II staff who have a material impact on the risk profile of the organisation and who have specific remuneration arrangements in place. The remuneration policy identifies where the remuneration arrangements for Solvency II staff differ from the arrangements for the wider workforce. Employees have been notified if they are Solvency II staff and asked to confirm they understand the implications of this classification. The group of Solvency II staff, and the methodology used to determine them, are reviewed annually by the Remuneration Committee and all deferrals are reviewed and if appropriate approved by the Remuneration Committee. Short-term variable remuneration - key control functions Solvency II Key Control Functions (Risk & Compliance, Internal Audit and Actuarial) bonus is calculated with 30% based on shared business objectives, 30% on team/functional objectives and 40% on individual objectives. Malus and clawback The Group has malus and clawback procedures in place which cover all variable remuneration paid to Solvency II staff. The scenarios in which malus and clawback may be triggered include misconduct on the part of the individual and all material failures of risk management.

Highlight [page 68]: Risk adjustment process The Group has established a Risk Adjustment Process to determine whether annual bonus payments and / or long-term incentive vesting appropriately reflect the Group's exposure to risk and compliance with our risk policies and procedures during the year. Following the year end, the Chief Risk Officer is asked to report on the following key areas of risk and compliance: • Adherence to risk profile: has all business been carried out within the Group's approved risk appetite and not at the expense of deviating from the risk framework approved by the Board at the start of the year. • Assessment of risk culture and conduct: have individuals followed the Group's risk policies and procedures, completed any relevant risk training and appropriately escalated any risk breaches within specified timeframes. Following a discussion of any issues raised during this process, the Remuneration Committee, in consultation with the Chief Risk Officer and Chair of the Risk Committee, will make appropriate adjustments to payments or levels of vesting. Directors' remuneration Remuneration received by the Directors for the year ended 31 December 2021 is shown below: All Directors Year ended 31 December 2021 Year ended 31 December 2020 Directors emoluments £3,114,656 £3,281,718 Payments in respect of pension £137,500 £131,585 Total Highest Paid Director £3,252,156 £3,413,303 Year ended 31 December 2021 Year ended 31 December 2020 Directors emoluments £1,713,697 £1,871,833 .Payments in respect of pension £90,000 £90,000 Total £1,803,697 £1,961,833 Remuneration for other members of the senior management team The principles and remuneration structures described within the Executive and MRT Remuneration Policy apply throughout the whole senior management team, with the exceptions of bonus for employees within key control functions (Risk, Compliance and Internal Audit). Remuneration for wider employees The Group seeks to pay all staff competitively and fairly for the roles they undertake. esure applies similar principles for remuneration across the workforce to those that apply to Executive Directors. All permanent employees are eligible to receive a bonus on a discretionary basis, subject to company and individual performance. Gender Pay Gap report Gender Pay Gap data is reviewed on a regular basis, and 2021 data has been published on the Group website.

Highlight [page 69]: Loss of office Within the terms of the agreed policy, as appropriate, the Committee will approve any termination payments to be made to Executives and Material Risk Takers including pay in lieu of notice, annual bonus, deferred bonus, long-term incentives and ex-gratia payments. To avoid actual or perceived reward for failure, the Group has a policy framework for termination payments made to Executive Directors and MRTs based on voluntary resignation or termination for cause; severance terms agreed for an individual and death, ill health, disability, injury, or where the individual's employing company or business leaves the Group. Remuneration Committee Terms of Reference The Committee carried out a review of its own Terms of Reference during 2021. As a result of its work during the year, the Committee has concluded that it has acted in accordance with its Terms of Reference. Elke Reichart Chair of the Remuneration 1 March 2022