
Highlight [page 71]: Corporate Governance Report Governance framework A considerable amount of work was undertaken following the merger in September 2020 to shape the Group's governance framework. Board effectiveness is regularly reviewed and is subject to robust evaluation process. Improvements to strengthen the governance framework were embedded in 2021 and continue to develop. The Board recognises the importance of good corporate governance and works to ensure that the Group's governance arrangements deliver a well-run business which has at its heart its clients and which recognises its responsibilities not only towards shareholders but also other stakeholders such as employees, the wider market and society. Our approach to governance As an unquoted company, we are not required to comply with the Financial Reporting Council's (FRC) 2018 UK Corporate Governance Code. Reporting on the application of Wates Principles: Principlesand meaning How do we engage We therefore follow the Wates Corporate Governance Principles (published by the FRCin December 2018) (the 'Wates Principles'), which provide a framework to help large unlisted private companies meet legal requirements while promoting long term success. In 2021, under the Companies (Miscellaneous Reporting) Regulations 2018. the Company has applied the Wates Principles as the standard against which we measure ourselves. The Board believes that the Company already complies with best practice and with the spirit of the Wates Principles and has applied them throughout the year. The table in the next section sets out how this has been achieved with an explanation where any principle has not been adopted and why. The Group's website contains further supporting information on the Wates Principles and Section 172. 1. Purpose and leadership An effective board develops and promotes the purpose of a company and ensures that its values, strategy and culture align with that purpose. The Board has a commitment to develop and promote the purpose of the Company and ensure that its values, strategy and culture align with that purpose. Risk management arrangements form part of a strong governance culture. The Board has developed a strategy and business model to generate long-term sustainable value. Strategic Report, Our Purpose and Value, page 2 and People, Culture and Values, page 8 • The Board also believes that a strong culture, based on shared values and sense of purpose, is vital to the success of a business and underpins the way in which we work. connecting both our colleagues and our clients to our higher purpose Section 172 Statement, pages 34 to 36 • Various decisions have been made by the Board demonstrating its commitment to generating long-term sustainable value for the Company including the merger, enhancing the governance framework and digital transformation • The strategy is clearly articulated and approved by the Board and implemented by management Corporate Responsibility Report, People, pages 49 to 52 • Following the merger of Tilney and Smith & Williamson, we wish to develop a culture which is the 'best of both" businesses. We have already started this process through engagement with our colleagues Corrorr.ite Governance Report, Board activities, pageo;74 and 77 • The Board has oversight of the Group's conflicts of interest policy and considers changes to it • The Board approves and monitors performance against the Group·s whistleblowing policy

Highlight [page 72]: Effective board composition requires an effective chair and a balance of backgrounds, experience and knowledge, with individual directors having sufficient capacity to make a valuable contribution. The size of a board should be guided by the scale and complexity of the company. The Board reviews its composition, structure and effectiveness on a regular basis. Corporate Governance Report, Board role and Board activities, pages 72, 73 and 76, Nominations Committee Report, pages 84 and 85. • Board composition, succession planning, induction, training and effectiveness are reviewed by the Board and recommendations are considered by it from the Nominations Committee. The roles of the Chair and the Chief Executive Officer are clearly articulated and held by separate individuals • The Nominations Committee, which has oversight of the Board appointment process, reviews the size of the Board and the balance of expertise, diversity and objectivity in recommending appointments to the Board. It also considers succession planning and makes recommendations to the Board • The Board effectiveness evaluation is considered annually Corporate Responsibility Report: diversity and inclusion on page 50 • In the formation of the Board and Executive Committee, the Board has sought to improve gender diversity. The Board will consider a Board diversity policy for approval setting out the aspirational targets for gender and ethnic diversity on the Board as well as in senior management. The Diversity and Inclusion Committee is responsible for ensuring the development and delivery of the Group's diversity and inclusion agenda 3. Director responsibilities The board and individual directors should have a clear understanding of their accountability and responsibilities. The board's policies and procedures should support effective decision making and independent challenge. The Company has a well-established governance framework which supports decision making and independent challenge. Corporate Governance Report, pages 73 to 83 • The Board has a list of matters reserved for its consideration and its Committees' terms of reference clarify their roles within the governance framework. Approval of key risk policies for the Group is considered by the Board and/or its Committees as per their own terms of reference • The governance framework has been refreshed following the merger and its appropriateness is kept under review. Non-Executive Directors provide independent challenge in the decision making process of the Board and its Committees Decisions on strategy, risk and control, regulatory and tax, finance and audit, governance, people and operations are considered by the Board and its Committees based on forward agenda planners which have been developed by the Chair, Company Secretary and management to fulfil the requirements within the matters reserved for the Board and the terms of references of its Committees Internal controls and processes are regularly reviewed and monitored with gaps reported to the Risk and Audit Committee through the second and third lines of defence 4. Opportunity and risk A board should promote the long-term sustainable success of the company by identifying opportunities to create and preserve value. and establishing oversight to identify and mitigate risks. Strategic opportunities are assessed by the Board against the Company's risk appetite and its long-term strategy and prospects. Strategic Report. Risk Management section, pages 26 to 27 • A risk management framework was adopted for the combined business following the merger and efforts are underway to enhance its risk management and compliance capabilities to facilitate risk awareness and further enhance the implementation and effectiveness of the framework • The Board approves the risk appetite and has oversight over the performance of the business against the appetite and agreed controls • Assessment of risk appetite is a key consideration when a new opportunity is being reviewed and forms part of the approval process. New products pass through the Product and Services Oversight Committee for review

Highlight [page 73]: Remuneration A board should promote executive remuneration structures aligned to the long-term sustainable success of a company, taking into account pay and conditions elsewhere in the company. The Company has a Board approved remuneration policy and structure which is aligned to its long-term sustainable success. Corporate Responsibility Report, Remuneration section on page 52 • The remuneration strategy is reviewed by the Remuneration Committee and is aimed at ensuring that it delivers against our remuneration principles and business objectives Corporate Governance Report, Remuneration Committee on page 79 • The Remuneration Committee is a Board committee comprising Non-Executive Directors only and is responsible for oversight of remuneration and incentive packages for senior staff within the Group and the overall remuneration framework for employees including fixed and variable pay reviews 6. Stakeholder relatio·nships and engagement Directors should foster effective stakeholder relationships aligned to the company's purpose. The board is responsible for overseeing meaningful engagement with stakeholders, including the workforce, and having regard to their views when taking decisions. The Company is committed to creating and sustaining long-term value for its shareholders and other stakeholders. Section 172 Statement, pages 34 to 36, sets out the interaction and engagement with stakeholders. Strategic Report, pages 1 to 9. The Board: • believes in a strong culture, based on shared values and sense of purpose • has oversight of the Group's response to COVID-19 • oversees client requirements, market practice and trends and the Company's response to it Corporate Responsibility Report, pages 37 to 55. The Board: • considers how we engage with colleagues in developing culture • has oversight of communication with clients and staff during the pandemic • considers talent management and development • promotes remuneration policies to attract and retain high performing colleagues • ensures commitment towards promoting diversity and inclusion • receives reports on the client care programme, seeking ethical and sustainable portfolios for clients • has oversight of the anti-bribery policy • has commitment towards ensuring that our business and supply chain are free from any slavery or human trafficking • oversees the Company's investment in local communities • receives ESG reports and ensures that there has been consistent emphasis on the required focus on the topic

Highlight [page 73]: Corporate Governance: The Board's role is on page 73, risk management and internal controls on pages 81 to 83. • The Group operates under the Three Lines of Defence model with reports produced for consideration by the Risk and Audit Committee • The Board has overall responsibility for the Group's system of internal control with oversight of controls delegated to the Risk and Audit Committee • The Board considers tile merits of each acquisition to determine if it would be within the Group's risk appetite, enhances the business prospects and is in the interest of all stakeholders

Highlight [page 74]: The Board The Group has structured its governance arrangements such that the members of the Board of Tilney Smith & Williamson Limited are also directors of the majority of the main UK trading or regulated subsidiaries listed below (which together forms the 'Group Boards'). The Group Boards are supported by a number of Board Committees as explained in the following sections of the report. The Group Boards and their Board Committees conduct their respective meetings on a concurrent basis. Due to the size, complexity and scale of our business. some subsidiaries have their own Boards and Committees comprising Executive Directors and in the case of some, Non-Executive Directors as appropriate. Group Boards Each Director of Tilney Smith & Williamson Limited is also a Director of: • Bestinvest (Consultants) Limited • HFS Milbourne Financial Services Limited • HW Financial Services Limited • Index Fund Advisors Limited • Smith & Williamson Corporate Finance Limited • Smith & Williamson Financial Services Limited • Smith & Williamson Investment Services Limited • Tilney Asset Management Limited • Tilney Asset Management Services Limited • Tilney Discretionary Investment Management Limited • Tilney Discretionary Portfolio Management Limited • Tilney Financial Planning Limited • Tilney Investment Management • Tilney Investment Management Services Limited Tile Directors are also members of the management Boards of: • Smith & Williamson Investment Management LLP • Smith & Williamson LLP Board Corr,position As at the balance sheet date, the Board of the Company consisted of five Independent Non-Executive Directors including the Board Chair, four Group appointed Non-Executive Directors and two Executive Directors. During the year, Will Samuel led the Board effectively as the Chair and has succeeded in delivering his responsibilities as the Chair. He stepped down from the Board on 18 February 2022 having served as Chair since 27 January 2017. Chris Grigg joined the Board on 2 August 2021 and succeeded Will Samuel as Chair on 18 February 2022. The roles of the Chair and the Chief Executive Officer are clearly articulated and held by separate individuals. Will Samuel, when Chair, and Chris Woodhouse, Group Chief Executive Officer, demonstrated a successful partnership in striking the right balance of power and effective decision-making. A good working relationship has already been established between the Group Chief Executive Officer and Chris Grigg since he joined the Board. The Board firmly believes that this relationship will continue to strengthen. Through the Nominations Committee, we ensure that we have the right composition of individuals on the Board, giving an appropriate balance of knowledge, skills, experience and perspectives. Our aim of ensuring orderly succession for Board positions is supported by continuous and proactive processes. We take into account our strategic priorities and the main trends and factors affecting the sustainability and success of the business. We oversee and regularly review the development of a diverse pipeline for succession. Changes to Board membersl1ip are set out in the Directors' report on page 80.

Highlight [page 75]: Board's role and responsibilities The role of the Board is to establish a clear strategy for the Group, to determine a risk appetite to support that strategy and to oversee an effective risk control framework. The Board manages the affairs of the Company for the benefit of all stakeholders. We understand our stakeholders to be: • Finance and audit • Legal and governance • People • Operations and IT. Board activities Our clients • Our regulators and the governments of the countries in which it operates· e Our shareholders and investors • Our colleagues • Our suppliers and counterparties • The society and communities in which we operate. This is best achieved by: • Developing a business model and practices that are designed to maintain and enhance market integrity • Encouraging a culture whereby long-term relationships are fostered with clients, suppliers and staff, who are treated fairly and are content with the service that they receive/provide • Developing services and products designed for positive client outcomes that are attractive and provide fair treatment for both existing and new clients Establishing relevant and supportive relationships with our local communities (see Corporate Responsibility Report on pages 53 to 55) 0 Developing practices which promote the interests of clients and mitigate the risk of reputational damage or financial loss in respect of the Group's assets or the assets that it manages or controls on behalf of clients 0 • Maintaining policies such as those relating to conflicts of interest and tax avoidance • Developing policies in relation to its employees and staff, including diversity and inclusion matters, remuneration and modern slavery that demonstrate that the Group deals fairly with its stakeholders. The Board has a list of matters that are reserved for its decision, which cover the following areas: • Strategy and business development o o Risk and control Regulatory and tax The Chair, together with the Group Chief Executive Officer and Company Secretary, ensures that the Board has an appropriate schedule of matters for consideration, focused on the core areas listed above. This ensures the future success of the business and that the Company's culture is aligned with its purpose, values and strategy. In 2021, the Board received in-<lepth presentations on areas of focus and undertook a review of the overall strategy, including developing thoughts about the business priorities and new areas of growth. Meeting papers were distributed in a timely fashion ahead of meetings, allowing Board members sufficient time to read and constructively participate in meetings. During the year, the majority of Board meetings were held virtually due to COVID-19. From August 2021 onwards, following the ease of COVID-19 restrictions, hybrid meetings started with flexibility for members to attend in person or virtually. To ensure the most effective use of the time during Board meetings, Board Committees consider certain· matters in more detail and make recommendations to the Board. Furthermore, the Chair holds informal preparatory discussions with Board members prior to each Board meeting. During the course of the year, separate sessions are also held with the Independent Non-Executive Directors. Specialist insight from external advisers is sought when the Board considers certain important topics. The Board ensures regular contact with management and colleagues through several means. These include inviting relevant business and function heads to present to the Board or its Committees, permitting observers as part of individual senior managers' development plans and scheduling regular meetings for Committee Chairs to meet with relevant senior managers. During the year, an induction plan for Chris Grigg was produced which included extensive site visits across the network of office to meet with front line and back office colleagues. Senior leaders were also available to the NEDs throughout the year. Throughout the year, Board members continued to have the opportunity to participate in training and development initiatives. Further details of the Board activities in 2021 are set out in the next section.

Highlight [page 76]: Summary of Board activities in 2021 The Board, as part of its decision-making process, considered the views of any impacted stakeholders, whilst acting in the best interests of the Company and its members as a whole. More detail is set out in the Section 172 Statement in the Strategic Report section of this Annual Report. The Board's activities in 2021 included the following themes: Theme Client outcomes Action taken by the Board • Reviewed, challenged and remained apprised of the performance of the business divisions and functions, strategic business opportunities, developments with client experience and the Company's integration programme • Considered independent external reviews carried out to determine client journeys and approved any remediation plans • Approved client care programmes to obtain their valuable insights for us to continue to deliver exceptional client experience • Approved new fund propositions to promote sustainable and responsible investing by clients as part of our ESGinitiative • Considered propositions to provide tailored services and bespoke portfolios to clients to best suit their needs • Ongoing consideration to transforming Bestinvest, our online business, into a market-leading digital hybrid platform to support self-directed investors and serve them better Strategy and business development Overall strategy review: • Received regular updates from Group Chief Executive Officer including overall strategy update • As part of consideration of the overall strategy, considered the UK economic outlook, including financial impacts of COVID-19,possible interest rate and inflation increases and possible future operating models, together with an in-depth review of Financial Crime • Received regular marketing updates, client segmentation reports and performance of each of the Group's operating divisions • Held the Board Strategy Day on 2 November 2021 at which both management and external advisers supported the review of the existing business strategy by providing market insights complemented by strengths, weaknesses, opportunities and threats (Swon analysis undertaken by the Group Executive Committee. Inputs from the review are embedded in management's strategy plans and actions for 2022 Commercial strategies: • Considered the launch of the digital hybrid strategy in early 2022 • Considered developing leading digital transformation propositions and differentiated services in line with our organic growth Merger and acquisition activity: • Received regular updates on various initiatives related to the Group's strategic growth plans and supporting initiatives • Considered opportunities to acquire businesses within professional services, investment management and financial planning, notably HFS Milbourne. Each acquisition was considered carefully on its merits, to determine whether it would enhance the Group's business and thus benefit its investors and staff and whether it would maintain or enhance the service provided to clients while being within the Group's risk appetite Brexit: • Reviewed and challenged the progress of implementation of Brexit strategy and international custody transfer programmes. The Board discussed the impact of Brexit on clients at several of

Highlight [page 77]: its meetings. The Group's strategy for clients based in Europe has been agreed and is being impleinented Considered and approved the proposal including,investment spend to rebrand the Company Receiveq regular updates on the rebranding exercise in the lead up to its announcemen~ Following on from 2'021, the Board has o_versightof the rollout of the integration plan and how risks arising from the integration are being managed . The pr'ogramme includes plans to obtain synergies from the.merger, technology integration. • and develop the purpose, values and culture for the combined business. Progress achieved is set out in the Chief Executive Officer's Review Regular updates.are provided to the Board on progress being made against e_achinitiative Received regular reports on COVID-19 throughout the pandemic Received regular reports on the well-being of staff during the pandemic and introduced new ways of working across the business, ensuring we are optimising our organisational effectiveness, whilst still meeting our clients' needs Reviewed, challenged and remained apprised of the support being given to clients and their changing needs • Regularly considered Financial and Cyber Crime, suitability and integration risks including approval of risk appetite and oversight of programmes to accelerate controls enhancement and regulatory engagement • Over the last year, the Group has focused on consolidating and enhancing its risk management and compliance capabilities to facilitate risk awareness and further enhance the implementation and effectiveness of the risk management framework. The risk management framework is underpinned by policies, procedures, and reporting, all of which have been enhanced over the course of the year and will continue to evolve to produce accurate and timely management information to me.et the needs of the Graul), as it seeks to deliver its stra_tegicobjectives Action was taken where needed if risks fell outside of the Group's risk appetites, which are defined at both the operational resilience and business-as-usual threshold_levels, or where the need for remedial action was recognised in respect of any weaknesses identified ·in relation to mitigating control3 • Approved the Group Tax Strategy Recei.vedreports on the Group's compliance with Client Assets Sourcebook (CASS)regulations fmq1 irlH !',A:',:',11ff11:H1,illl;!HillHIwlill l1ls HIIIIIIHIHIIHSIHIIIIII Received regular updates from Group Chief Financial Officer on financial perform:ance, management accounts, segmental perforrnance, internai controls and regulatory capital requirements Re\/if?-wP..r:tthP. Grrn1p's rAe;11lr1tnryr.Ariitr1IrP.srn,rr.P.sr1nr1rP.l'lllirP.mP.nts,r1nc1r1nnrovP.dinr.rnnsil in , H1r.r,11r,it11I11fthr. r.11mp11ni,•• ,, Recei.ved regular updates i_nrespect of CASSaudits and related matters , •RH1:Hll1Hil1HL:1ili'.u11111IHIHs111111H1r111111,1111:11 µlclll

r11_!r1if µlclll r11_!r1if1:;,1.11w,

2021 20211·1i1li\efl'll.iii•1ilrivr:=yr:ni't·,u:.ini:::i:i Approvod tho budgot for ::!O::!::!,T::n1ationfloli_o~•and auditor appointmont and foe1:

Highlight [page 78]: Theme Corporate social responsibility Legal and Governance Action taken by the Board . Approved the Annual Report and Financial Statements 2020 and other year-end related matters. The Board also agreed the going concern and viability statements included within the Annual Report and Financial Statements 2020 . . Reviewed, challenged and approved ICAAP,adequacy and effectiveness of stress-testing and capital management Reviewed and approved the distribution of an interim dividend of £32.9 million to shareholders. The payment was made from the Company's distributable reserves based on the unaudited balance sheet of the Company as at 31 October 2021. The Company has not declared a final dividend . Received regular updates from the Corporate Responsibility Committee on the corporate social responsibility activities undertaken by the Group, including its stance on environmental social governance, which continues to be an area of increasing importance not only to the Board but society as a whole, see pages 37 to 55 of the Corporate Responsibility Report . Approved the statement on slavery and human trafficking for the financial year ended 31 December 2020 in compliance with the Modern Slavery Act 2015. It is available on the Group's website . Received regular updates from the Group General Counsel on legal matters as well as developments in law and from the Company Secretary regarding corporate governance that affect the business and recommended best practices as appropriate. Directors are periodically reminded of their responsibilities both in law and from a regulatory perspective • . . . . . • . . Received regular updates on revisions to senior management function (SMF) responsibilities, including relevant training and approved new SMF appointments as appropriate Approved restructuring and liquidation of several group entities as part of the legal entity rationalisation programme Received regular updates on the Chair's succession, subsequently approving the appointment of the new Chair Approved the appointment of two new Independent Non-Executive Directors and the Company Secretary Approved the roll out of a tailored Board induction programme to new incoming directors including site visits as appropriate. Induction sessions were arranged for Chris Grigg and Bill McNabb providing opportunities to familiarise themselves with the Tilney and Smith & Williamson businesses and governance structure Approved the revised governance model for financial services business, resulting in the restructuring of various sub-Committees under the Group Executive Committee and of financial services senior management under John Bunch, the Chief Financial Services Director The Board has an oversight of the Group policies framework and approved policies which are not delegated elsewhere Approved any changes to directors' conflicts of interest In December 2021, the Board approved an internal board evaluation exercise facilitated by Lintstock. The Board was apprised of the launch of the exercise at the end of January 2022 and findings will be delivered to the Board in March 2022 People and culture • • Received regular updates from the Group's Chief People Officer on human resources matters Approved a new recruitment operating model to transform the Group's recruitment process . Resource Solutions, an outsourcing provider has been engaged to support Board efforts to promote the Company's aspirations for diversity and inclusiveness as well as ESG . . Considered Succession Planning across all key control and support functions Kept apprised of employee well-being during COVID-19and integration post-merger

Highlight [page 79]: • Supported management in its engagement with employees through colleague pulse surveys and establisl1ing Smart Working framework during the pandemic • Considered the adequacy of Gender Pay Gap policy and other remuneration policies with oversight from Remuneration Committee • Received regular reports on whistleblowing instances and recommendations from Risk and Oversight Committee • Supported the move to 45 Gresham Street. London providing ·smart Working' facilities to our colleagues and designed to the highest standards of environmental sustainability • Received regular updates on the new senior management hires Oper,ations.a_ndIT • Received regular updates on change portfolio initiatives including update on integration programmes. client advisor and digitisation and custody migration • Agreed IT and cyber security resilience testing • Received regular updates on the implementation of the Core Wealth system since its launch and ways to effectively implement it

Highlight [page 80]: The Board Committees The Board delegates certain responsibilities to Board Committees to help discharge its duties. The Board Committees play an essential role in supporting the Board, giving focused oversight of key areas and aspects of the business. The Board Committees are in turn supported by various executive and management committees as set out in the diagram below. While the Board retains overall responsibility, a sub-Committee structure allows more time for closer scrutiny by Board Committees prior to any consideration required by the Board. The role and responsibilities of the Board and Board Committees, including sub-Committees, are set out in formal Terms of • Reference to ensure there are clear lines of accountability and responsibility to support effective decision-making across the organisation. These are reviewed at least annually as part of the review of the corporate governance framework. Except for the Group Executive Committee and Corporate Responsibility Committee, all Committees are composed of Independent Non-Executive Directors only. The Board Chair is also the Chair of the Nomination Committee and the Corporate Responsibility Committee; all other principal Board Committees, except the Group Executive Committee, are chaired by Independent Non-executive Directors who have particular skills or interests in the activities of those Committees. The Chairs of each of the Board Committees provide a report to the Board on their activities. The governance structure encompassing the Board, its principal Board Committees and the sub-Committees is set out in the diagram below. GroupBoards Cha,r C11nsGrigg INE0 1 (NED') ~E•i ~mm, Ieihffi®> ~-1 1 . tm:~NBm Appointments Committee Chaii:-ChrisWoodhouse. Group Chief E)<ecutiveOfficer GroupRiskand ComplianceCommittee Chair: Andrew-Baddeley. Group Chief financ1aI omi:er . Product Services Oversight Committee Chair. Hugo WatsonBrown,Financial Services Director Change Portfolio Committee Chair: Mayank Prakash Group Chief OperatiOnsotficer ' Financialse1vices Executive Committee Chair. John Bunch Chief Financial Services Oirec\or Professionalservices Executive Committee Chau-:Susan Shaw. Chief Professional Services D,rector

Highlight [page 81]: Nomination Committee and its sub-Committee: Details am set out in the Nominations Committee Report 0r1 pages 84 to 85. Risi, and Audit Committee and its sub-Committee Details are set out in the Risk and Audit Committee Report on pages 81 to 83. Remuneration Committee The Committee comprises Non-Executive Directors and its Chair is an independent Non-Executive Director. The responsibilities delegated by the Board to the Committee include oversight of remuneration and incentive packages for senior staff within the Group. It also ensures that the remuneration policies and practices comply with the appropriate regulatory guidelines and codes of practice and are designed to foster and support the Group's strategy, prudent risk management, culture and behaviours and take into account the long-term interests of all stakeholders. It considers changes to the Group's remuneration policy, any significant widening of the gender pay gap, any proposal to introduce a new equity incentive plan and significant changes to the equity incentive arrangements of Board members. The Committee approves the remuneration and incentive packages for the Executive Directors and the members of the Group Executive Committee. It has oversight of the controls in place to ensure that risk and compliance concerns are reflected in the remuneration of individuals. Group Executive Committee The Group Executive Committee, the membership of which is drawn from senior colleagues across the Group, is responsible for managing the business and delivering the execution of our strategy. This Committee is chaired by the Group Chief Executive Officer. It meets weekly to consider ad hoc matters and monthly to consider a more scheduled range of topics. The Group Executive Committee, in its oversight of the businesses within the Group, has the following executive and management sub-Committees which report into it. These sub-Committees comprise key senior managers and colleagues from various business functions who are responsible for the day-to-day running of the business and other operational and compliance matters and implementing the strategies that the Board has set. • Product and Services Oversight Committee: oversees the product governance requirements of MiFID II Change Portfolio Committee: monitors large change projects across the Group. It provides challenge and oversight of change activity. This includes the prioritisation, planning, execution and governance of in-scope projects and change activity Financial Services Executive Committee: a newly formed sub-Committee of Group Executive Committee which consolidates the following three legacy committees: the Investment Management Executive Committee, the Financial Planning Executive Committee and the Commercial Executive Committee to provide unified focus to the Financial Services business. It is responsible for overseeing the overall functioning and governance of the core Financial Services business in or<lP.rto enhance client outcomes and ongoing business qevelopment. This Committee is further supported by several other sub-Committees such as the Risk Operational and Oversight Committee, Investment Process Committee, the Investment Oversight Committee, the Financial Planning Process Committee and the Financial Planning Oversight Committee and various working groups • Professional Services Executive Committee: oversees the overall functioning and governance of the core Professional Services business to enhance client outcomes and ongoing business development. Corporate Responsibilities Committee Details are set out in the Corporate Responsibility Report on page 37.

Highlight [page 82]: Board and Committee membership and attendance record 1 Position Member GroupBoards Nominations Committee RiskandAudit Committee Remuneration Committee Chair Chris Grigg2 Will Samuel 4/4 11/12 N/A 4/4 N/A 8/8 N/A 8/8 Executive Directors Andrew Baddeley Chris Woodhouse 12/12 11/12 N/A N/A N/A N/A N/A N/A Independent Non-Executive Directors Elizabeth Chambers Keith JonesJ Bill McNabb 4 Carla Stent5 8/12 11/12 10/12 12/12 4/4 4/4 N/A 4/4 6/8 8/8 N/A 8/8 8/8 8/8 N/A 8/8 Non-Executive Directors David Cobb Peter Deming Philip Muelder Chris Pell Kevin Stoppss 11/12 11/12 9/12 12/12 7/9 N/A 4/4 2/4 4/4 N/A N/A 6/8 N/A 8/8 N/A N/A 8/8 7/8 8/8 N/A 1. The table shews attendance at the meetings, held during the year, of the Group Boards and those Committees which comprises NEDs. 2. Chris Grigg was appointed to the Board on 2 August 2021 and is also Chair of the Nominations Committee. 3. Keith Jones is the Chair of the Remuneration Committee. 4. Bill McNabb was appointed to the Board on 15 January 2021. 5. Carla Stent is the Chair of the Risk and Audit Committee. 6. Kevin Stopps resigned from the Board on 1 October 2021.

Highlight [page 83]: Risk and Audit Committee Report • Review the Risk Framework and recommend it to the Board for approval • Review and approve the key risk type and risk activity frameworks identified in the Risk Framework • Review the capability to identify and manage new risks and risk types • Oversee and challenge the day-to-day risk management actions and oversight arrangements and adherence to risk frameworks and policies • Review the integrity of the financial statements of the Company and any formal announcements relating to its financial performance, including significant financial reporting judgements carla Stent - Chair of the Risk and Audit Committee • Ensure the effectiveness of internal financial controls The Chair's statement This is my second year reporting to you as the Chair of the Risk and Audit Committee. This remains an exciting time for the Company as we continue to build on the achievements following the merger. It is my pleasure to repott on the Committee's deliberations during the 2021 financial year, which have included risks relating to the integration following the merger, the COVID-19 pandemic and the digital technology platform upgrades that the Group has undertaken through the Core Wealth programme and the assessment of the appropriateness of internal controls and reporting. We also reviewed the appropriateness of the financial crime, cyber, investment suitability and change programme processes. We counselled management on the need for a dynamic assessment of emerging risks facing the business including COVID-19 and ESG. Membership and attendance Details of Committee membership and their attendance is set out on page 80. The Group Chief Financial Officer, the Group General Counsel, the Group Chief Risk and Compliance Officer, the Group Financial Controller, the Chief Operating Officer and the Group Chief Executive Officer were all in attendance at the Committee meetings, as were representatives from the Group's external and internal auditors, who also met with the Committee members before some meetings without management present. Role and responsibilities of the Committee The Committee has responsibility for oversight of a number of audit and risk matters, which are set out in its terms of reference and include: • Review the enterprise wide risk profile through Three Lines of Defence governance model • Provide advice, oversight and challenge to embed and maintain a supportive risk culture • Evaluate the external auditors including their independence and objectivity, as well as agreeing the audit scope and effectiveness of the audit process in respect of the statutory audit of the annual financial statements • Ensure the effectiveness of the internal audit function • Review the whistleblowing arrangements. Governance The Risk and Audit Committee is supported by an executive and management committee called the 'Group Risk and Compliance Committee· which is chaired by Andrew Baddeley, Group Chief Financial Officer and attended by key colleagues from various business functions including risk, compliance and CASS.This sub-Committee monitors the risk management framework to ensure that adequate systems and controls are in place and that the businesses operate in accordance with all relevant legal and regulatory requirements. It also ensures the management of key risks against appetite group-wide and reports on deviations and material issues across the Group. Overview of the year Risk management framework The Group operates a Three Lines of Defence model to support the risk management framework which is detailed on page 26 of the Strategic Report. Group level key risks, together with associated key risk indicators and risk appetites for each, have been agreed within the risk management policy and framework, reflecting the risk to the Group's business and delivery of its strategy. Key risks are agreed by the Board and monitored by the Group Risk and Compliance Committee, which reports to the Risk and Audit Committee on any key risk that sits outside of risk appetite and recommends actions to bring them back within tolerance.

Highlight [page 84]: Internal control and financial reporting The Board has overall responsibility for the Group's system of internal control. The Chair of the Risk and Audit Committee is responsible for the internal audit function and is supported by the Head of Internal Audit and the Group Chief Risk Officer. Services of the co-source internal audit partner, BDO LLP, are utilised alongside those of the in-house team. Audit reports from a rolling programme of work are received and reviewed by the Group Risk and Compliance Committee, the Risk and Audit Committee and any other relevant Committees as appropriate. The Group's system of internal financial control includes restrictions on payment authorisations and execution and, where Summary of key Committee activities in 2021: appropriate and possible, duties are segregated. The annual budgeting, forecasting and monthly management reporting system, which applies throughout the Group, enables trends to be evaluated and variances to be acted upon. The Group's Executive Committee received monthly financial information on results and other performance data and the Board reviewed financial and performance data at each of its formal meetings. Any system of internal control, however, is designed to manage, rather than eliminate the risk of failure to achieve business objectives and client outcomes. In establishing and reviewing the system of internal controls, the Directors consider the nature and extent of relevant risks, the likelihood of a loss being incurred and costs of control. Theme Action taken by the Committee Risk Oversight Regulatory and tax • Received regular updates from Group Chief Risk Compliance Officer and Group General Counsel to consider key risk, compliance and financial crime matters including emerging risks and recommending appropriate actions to the Board and downstream functions . . Received updates from the Chief Investment Management Director on Investment Suitability and Oversight and the Risk Budget Considered regular updates from the Group Chief Financial Officer regarding the retirement benefit assumptions, and from the Group Chief Risk Officer regarding compliance monitoring plan, KRls and risk environment . . . Monitored the adequacy of the Group's whistleblowing policy and investigated any whistleblowing cases during the year Received regular updates from the CASSauditors and the Group's CASS officer on CASS matters including regular engagement with the FCA Considered the Group's taxation status report and its tax strategy. The Group's Tax Strategy has been made publicly available on our website. The strategy sets out the Group's governance in relation to tax compliance. risk management, attitude to arranging our tax affairs, and our relationship with the tax authorities. The Group's tax risk appetite is considered to be low Audit matters Finance matters . Internal Audit Received regular reports from the internal auditors (supported by BDO LLP under a co-sourced model). A number of internal audits were carried out during the year in accordance with a plan approved by the Committee. The Committee monitored progress against the implementation of the recommended actions, and reviewed management's responses to any matters of significance raised during the audit reviews . External Audit: Maza rs LLP continue to act as our external auditors. Maza rs confirmed that they were independent and able to express an objective opinion on the financial statements ended 31 December 2021 . Critical accounting judgements and key sources of estimation uncertainty made in the preparation of the Annual Report and Financial Statements (for further information, see note 4 to the Consolidated Financial Statements) were considered and agreed by the Committee, including: -Revenue recognition

Highlight [page 85]: Classification of exceptional items Impairment of goodwill Business combinations Useful.lives of intangible assets

__

-

,

. ---···

-----·----__ -, . ---··· -----·-------~---Fair value of financial instruments Defined benefit pension schemes Share-based payments Accrued income Reviewed and agreed the going concern and viability statements, together with the work carried ciut as a whole to prepare the Annual Report and Financial Statements 2020. Considering the Annual Report and Financial Statements 2020 were fai_r,balanced and understandable and provided the information necessary for shareholders to assess the Group and Company's performance, business model and strategy, the Committee recommended to the Board the approval of the Annual Re.portand Financial Statements 2020 • Recommended to the Board, the approval of the ICAAP2021 and flagged that consideration needs to be given to the impact of inflation risk in future !CARAreports Received regular updates froni the Chief Operating Officer on material change programmes including custody c::onsolidationfor the UI~and internationally, Lt1edevelopment of the Core • Wealth platform and updates on IT controls and cybersecurity • Terms of Reference The Terms of Reference and membership are regularly reviewed by the Committee to make sure they continue to be appropriate. Looking forward During the coming financial year, the Committee will continue to focus on the risk and prudential risk matters facing the Group, with a particular focus on integration risk and significant technology platform changes, cyber, fraud, financial crime and. evidence of investment suitability practices. It will also continue to be cognisant of the challenges presented by.the evolving pandemic and tile return to the ·new normal', people-related risks that have arisen including wellbeing and capability and ecipacity to deliver our strategic priorities, as well as any new risks and changes to the regulatory environment that may come into effect during the course of the year.

Highlight [page 86]: Nominations Committee Report • Oversee the adequacy of the governance arrangements in place. Governance The Nominations Committee is supported by an executive and management Committee called the 'Appointments Committee' which is chaired by the Group Chief Executive Officer and has key colleagues from various business functions such as the Group Chief Financial Officer and Group Chief People Officer. This sub-committee reports any material matters as appropriate and recommends succession plans to the Nominations Committee in order to allow it to deliver is responsibilities efficiently. Chris Grigg- Chair of the Nominations Committee The Chair's statement Following my appointment as Board Chair and Chair of the Nominations Committee, it is my pleasure to present to you the report of the Nominations Committee's activities during the financial year. The Committee's Board recruitment process is continuous and proactive; it takes into account the factors affecting the long-term success of the Group and its strategic priorities. During 2021, the Committee has undergone a number of changes in its membership as set out later in this report. Membership and attendance Details of Committee membership and their attendance is set out on page 80. Role and responsibilities of the Committee The primary responsibilities of the_Committee include to: • Review the Board's structure, size and composition, including independence, diversity, knowledge, skills and experience of its members • Consider succession planning for Directors and senior executives • Identify and nominate candidates to fill Board vacancies as they arise • Assess its performance and oversee the performance evaluation process for the Board and its Committees • Consider the annual reappointment of Directors having regard to their performance and ability to contribute to the Board • Oversee the induction of new Directors and ongoing training needs for the Board and individual Directors Overview of the year During 2021, the focus of the Committee's work was to: • Oversee Board changes and continue to strengthen the senior management succession pipeline • Lead the process for new Director appointments to the Board • Review the collective skills, knowledge and experience of the Board, taking into account independence and diversity to inform succession plans • Consider arrangements relating to Directors including Directors' interests, time commitment, terms of employment and that they remain appropriate. Succession Planning The Committee leads the process for identification, nomination and recommendation of candidates for appointments to the Board and senior management function holders on the Board. It also ensures plans are in place for orderly succession to both the Board and such senior management positions. In doing so, it follows a rigorous and transparent process designed to make sure the appointments are based on merit and objective criteria, and they promote diversity in its broadest sense to complement and strengthen the overall Board and its Committees' skills, knowledge and experience. As part of the Board appointments process, the Committee takes account of legal and regulatory requirements. The Board retains responsibility for and approves final decisions on these matters. Appointments to the Board In 2021, the Committee spent significant time overseeing new Board appointments. The Committee undertook a search supported by Russell Reynolds resulting in its recommendation to the Board to appoint me as an independent NED Chair to the Board.

Highlight [page 87]: Terms of Reference The Terms of Reference and membership are regularly reviewed by the Committee to make sure they continue to be appropriate and is approved by the Group Boards at least once a year. Looking forward Following recent changes to the Board as described on page 14, the Board determined that an evaluation of the operation of tile Board and Board Committees will be conducted in the early 2022. Whilst this is later than the normal cycle. it is designed to allow new Board members to transition and for new Board processes to be established, giving more meaningful observations for the ongoing operational effectiveness of the Board. The Committee will continue to review the appropriateness of the Board structure and composition and oversee the implementation of the agreed actions arising from the external Board review. Key areas of focus going forward will be Board and executive . succession planning, workforce engagement, wellbeing and overall talent management.