
Highlight [page 4]: Corporate governance The Company is required by The Companies (Miscellaneous Reporting) Regulations 2018 to make a statement in relation to its corporate governance practices. For the year ended 31 December 2021, the Company has adopted the Wates Corporate Governance Principles for Large Private Companies (published by the Financial Reporting Council (FRC) in December 2018 and available on the FRC website). The Parent, has voluntarily adopted the Wates Principles described above and has made a statement in relation to its corporate governance practices in its Annual report and financial statements for the year ended 31 December 2021 (Parent Governance Report). The Group adopts a number of governance policies and procedures on a group-wide basis, which are adopted and implemented by the subsidiaries of the Group to the extent relevant to their operations. Accordingly, your attention is drawn to the Parent Governance R.eport. The paragraphs below explain how the six principals set out in the Wates report apply to the Company for the financial year reported. Principle 1 - Purpose and leadership The Group's strategy is to maintain our position as a leading rolling stock owner and asset manager in the UK. This is broken-down into three areas:

Highlight [page 5]: • Leasing and asset managing our existing UK fleet; • Acquisition of new and existing UK rolling stock assets; and • Owning and acquiring UK rail related non-rolling stock assets where they complement our rolling stock portfolio. Our corporate vision is "To defend and grow our core portfolio while embracing the· green agenda". Our strategy and vision are underpinned by our management of Environmental, Social and Governance ("ESG") matters summarised by the following four themes: • Innovating to support the transport decarbonisation journey; • Leading as a responsible asset owner; • Providing a great place to work; and • Delivering results with integrity. The Group has identified five shared values {aspiration, integrity, accountability, discipline and one team) that are central to the creation and maintenance of a culture within the business which empowers each member of the workforce to contribute to the successful pursuit of the Group's strategic aims, and to forge strong relationships with the Group's external stakeholders. In pursuit of its vision, the Board of the Company {the "Board") maintains a relentless focus on safety, validated by an external Safety Panel as explained in further detail below. Principle 2 - Board composition The Board comprises the Group's Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer, Client Services Director, Commercial Finance Director and Legal Director. The Group Chief Executive Officer also sits on the board of Eversholt UK Rails Limited ("Parent Board"). The Board operates within the framework of the Group's overall strategy as set by the Parent Board. The composition and operation of the Parent Board is set out in more detail in the Parent Governance Report. The Board considers that its size and composition is appropriate to its function as a leasing company within the Group. Principle 3 - Director responsibilities The Board is responsible for oversight of the Company's activities, within the strategic framework set by the Parent Board. Each Board member has a clear understanding of their respective responsibilities and their accountability for discharging this role. • The Group has adopted a formal governance matrix and business approvals framework which prescribes the scope of authority of the Chief Executive Officer and other members of the leadership team, and reserves key business decisions to an appropriate decision maker within the Group. • In addition to this, a formal policy and process for major business approvals and the control of expenditure has been adopted. For the financial year reported, the Board was supported by the following principal operational committees of Eversholt Rail Limited: • Business Development Committee; • Business Process Committee; • Operational Safety Committee; • Risk and Compliance Committee;

Highlight [page 6]: Treasury Committee; and • UK Rolling Stock and Balance Sheet Committee. In addition, the Parent Board maintains an Audit and Risk Committee and a Remuneration and HR Committee. Each committee's function and role is described below. The Company Secretary acts as secretary to the Board and each committee. The Company Secretary ensures that relevant papers are circulated in advance of meetings to ensure informed decision-making. Eversholt Rail Limited Board of Directors ("MaintCo Board'1 The Board of Eversholt Rail Limited meets monthly to consider any matters reserved for it under the Group's delegated authority and governance matrix. It receives monthly briefings on asset safety, HR matters and financial performance. In addition, quarterly updates are provided from the leadership team and outputs from the Board's committees are presented monthly. Business Development Committee ("BDCn) The BDC was chaired by the Stakeholder Director and comprised other members of the leadership team. It met fortnightly to undertake high-level reviews of the Group's portfolio. Following a review of the committee structure, it was decided that the activity of the Business Development Committee would be captured by the UK Rolling Stock and Balance Sheet Committee or by the MaintCo Board, as appropriate. Business Process Committee ("BPCn) The BPC is chaired by the Business Process Director and comprises other senior members. It meets monthly to oversee the application and operation of business systems. Operational Safety Committee ("OSCn) The OSC is chaired by the Client Services Director and comprises other senior members. It meets monthly to oversee the effectiveness of the safety management and key controls .. Risk and Compliance Committee ("RCCn) The RCC is chaired by the Legal Director and comprises other members of the leadership team and the Head of Corporate Services. It meets monthly to oversee the management of existing and emergent risks and to ensure that appropriate systems and procedures are in place to ensure risks are properly identified, assessed, managed and reported and that the Group complies with its legal obligations (whether contractual or statutory). Treasury Committee ("TC'1 •The TC is chaired by the Chief Financial .Officer and comprises other members from the leadership team and other heads of departments. It meets monthly and is responsibie for the management and control of the financial risks in accordance with an internal treasury policy . . UK Rolling Stock and Balance Sheet Committee ("UKRS~Sn) The UKRSBS is chaired by the Chief Financial Officer and comprises the members of the leadership team and the Head of Corporate Services. It meets fortnightly to oversee a range of operational and strategic matters. Principle 4 - Opportunity and risk Opportunities • For the financial year reported, the UKRSBS and BDC were the principal forums for the assessment of strategic opportunities, which were considered as part of their scheduled meetings. Identified opportunities were considered at Board level where required by the governance matrix and business approvals framework.

Highlight [page 7]: Business risk The Board is responsible for the identification and management of risk within the Company, with Group risks considered by the Parent Board. The boards are supported by a dedicated Audit and Risk Committee ("ARC"). The ARC reviews the Group's internal and external audit processes, together with the Group's principal strategic, operational and financial risks. The Committee meets at least twice a year, and more frequently as required. The ARC operates under formal terms of reference and is composed of four representatives from the Group's owners with the Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer and Legal Director being invited to attend where appropriate. Industry-specific operational risks The Group operates in an industry where the assessment and management of operational safety risks is of paramount importance. The Group maintains an Operational Safety Committee ("OSC") (referred to above) and an External Safety Panel ("ESP"). The ESP is comprised of the Company's senior independent non-executive director, together with two representatives with significant operational experience within the UK rail industry and a further transport industry executive. The inclusion of a committee member with experience from outside the rail sector provides an independent perspective and the opportunity for the Group to learn from best practices in another transport sector. The role of the ESP is to provide an independent forum to review the work of the OSC. It is chaired by the Company's senior independent non-executive director and reports annually to the Parent Board on the OSC's operation, work and ongoing effectiveness. The ESP meets quarterly and is authorised to review the OSC's working papers. The ESP is empowered to require the OSC to undertake new or additional work to determine and address operational risks as it considers necessary. Principle 5 - Remuneration The Company does not have any employees. The Directors receive no additional remuneration for their role as directors of the Company in addition to their executive employment by Eversholt Rail Limited. The Parent Governance Report discusses the approach taken to executive remuneration within the Group. Principle 6 - Stakeholders The Group is committed to creating a diverse and inclusive environment for all those with whom it works. As such, it recognises the importance of maintaining strong relationships with its stakeholders in order to create sustainable long-term value, and the Board encourages active dialogue and transparency with all its stakeholder groups. The Group has identified four principal external stakeholder groups: • Train Operating Companies ("TOCs") and Freight Operating Companies ("FOCs") - the Group's customers; • industry regulators and rail services sponsors (principally the Office of Rail and Road ("ORR"), the Department for Transport ("DfT"), Transport Scotland, Transport for Wales and Transport for London (in their role providing funding and strategic direction for major rail projects), and other public bodies involved in the UK rail industry; • the Group's suppliers - train manufacturing companies and other suppliers who supply and maintain rolling stock; and • the Group's external lenders. In addition, the Group's owners are a key internal stakeholder. More broadly, the Group is aware of the environmental impact of the operation of its leased fleet and seeks to minimise this through its fleet maintenance and procurement policies, as described below.

Highlight [page 8]: TOCs and FOCs The Group operates under a formal Code of Practice (available at https://eversholtrail.co.uk/downloads/), which governs its dealings with TOCs. The Code sets out the Group's approach to the market and is designed to provide appropriate assurances for customers as to the manner in which the Group's TOC customers can expect to build constructive relationships with it. Key provisions of the Code include commitments to: • building long-term relationships with customers; • support customers in providing passengers with a safe, economically efficient and reliable railway service; and • fair and reasonable leasing terms, in particular at franchise renewal. Amendments to the Code will be made in consultation with the ORR. The Group operates a formal complaints procedure in relation to any alleged breach of the Code. The Group maintains regular dialogue with all TOCs (franchised and open-access), FOCs and their parent groups through a dedicated Client Services Director. Regulators and other public bodies involved in the UK rail network Whilst not directly regulated itself, the Group maintains a close relationship with the ORR - the independent safety and economic regulator of the UK rail industry. The Group is committed to assisting national and regional rail sponsors, including the DfT, Transport Scotland, Transport for Wales, Transport for London, Transport for the North and Transport for the West Midlands during their respective concession award processes and throughout the operation of the rail franchises and concessions. The Group also engages with other rail stakeholders, such as Transport Focus and the Association of Community Rail Partnerships, as well as contributing to a number of cross-industry working parties. A consistent, structured approach is applied to all the above relationships. Regular engagement at working level is complemented by senior-level reviews focused on strategic aspects, together with ad hoc meetings as necessary to support specific joint programmes and initiatives. During concession award processes, a dedicated, cross-disciplinary bid team led by a senior manager is established to engage with bidders and provide them with all information necessary to support their bid submissions. Suppliers The Group holds multiple contracts with key business and safety critical suppliers that deliver a range of services. These services help support the safe operation of the Group's trains on the railway and enhance the residual value of its fleets. Securing the right capability and capacity from the Group's supply base is critical to helping the Group manage its operational risk and enhance its reputation with its customers. The Group takes a relationship-based approach with its suppliers, focusing on clear and timely communication. The Group holds quarterly business reviews with its key strategic suppliers. These reviews encompass a wide range of activities including health and safety, delivery performance, engine~ring support, future plans and provide a forum for delivering feedback from key stakeholders to the supplier. In addition to these reviews and to help support the operational needs of the business, the Group's project managers hold regular fleet reviews with suppliers and customers to ensure compliance with the particular requirements of the project and to discuss any issues either party may have that may impact delivery of these requirements.

Highlight [page 9]: External lenders The Group regularly engages with its banks and institutional investors. A key forum for dialogue with these stakeholders is the Group's annual management presentation, at which a review of the previous financial year and outlook for the coming year is shared. This provides stakeholder representatives with the opportunity to hear from the leadership team; ask questions about the business and engage in informal discussions with management. The Group also shares annual and semi-annual financial statements and investor reports detailing key events in the development of the business. Owners The Group maintains close relations with its shareholder with representatives of that shareholder sitting on the Board, as outlined above. Environment and the community The Group is committed to reducing the environmental impact of its leased fleet. All of the Group's new diesel fleets are compliant with modern engine emission legislation and its new electric fleets are fitted with regenerative braking, putting power back into the overhead line. The Group is pursuing a series of green initiatives in relation to its fleets. These include: • fitting a number of fleets with a driver advisory system which enables drivers to operate the train in a more power efficient way; • ensuring that scrapping processes for life-expired rolling stock maximises the amou_ntof recycled materials; and • launching a new initiative to modify one of its electric fleets to fit a battery to allow it to operate on non-electrified lines, thereby eliminating the requirement to use a diesel train. Further information on the Group's participation in industry discussions in response to the UK Government's challenge to the UK rail industry to remove all diesel-only trains by 2040 is set out in the Strategic report within the Annual report and financial statements of Eversholt UK Rails Limited for the year ended 31 December 2021. The group recognises its responsibility towards communities and since 2013 has contributed through Jundraising and donations to charities. Our current charity partner is Back Up, an organisation that helps people who have been paralysed through accident or illness and works with them to adjust positively to spinal cord injury. We aim to raise awareness of the charity, raise funds, provide volunteering opportunities for our staff as well as administration assistance and office space for meetings and training for the charity. Our charity partner is selected by our staff. Our previous partners have been Jubilee Sailing Trust and Noah's Ark . . We also provide support to several industry organisations including National Rail Museum, Campaign for Better Transport and Community Rail Network.