
Highlight [page 11]: CORPORATE GOVERNANCE Avara has adopted the Wates Principles to adhere with the UK Corporate Governance Code for Large Private Companies: a set of guiding principles to use as a framework when making disclosures about corporate governance arrangements. 1. Purpose and Leadership: An effective board promotes the purpose of a company and ensures that its values, strategy and culture align with that purpose. Being clear on our purpose and business focus has accelerated the development of Avara's unique culture, informed our investment & business plan priorities. In 2021-22 this has informed our response to structural changes in the UK labour market. 2. Board Composition: Effective board composition requires an effective chair and a balance of skills, backgrounds, experience and knowledge, with individual directors having sufficient capacity to make a valuable contribution. The size of a board should be guided by the scale and complexity of the company. All the Avara Foods businesses are managed collectively by an Executive Board consisting of 7 directors with functional, strategic and governance responsibilities. The Avara Group shareholders are represented at Shareholder Board by six representatives where one takes the role of Chairman. The boards of Avara Foods meet through the year to review strategy, business model & investment plans. 3. Director Responsibilities: A board should have a clear understanding of its accountability and terms of reference. Its policies and procedures should support effective decision-making and independent challenge. The Directors recognise their statutory duties, seeking input from third party Company Secretarial advisors to ensure these are informed and up to date. The Executive board have defined role-based accountabilities as well as shared collective responsibilities coming together as part of a highly effective team. Senior leaders work alongside the Executive in shaping business plans and to collectively manage business performance & risk. Agendas covering lnclusivity & Diversity, Health & Wellbeing and Sustainability are led by senior leadership, sponsored by a member of the Executive. 4. Opportunity and risk: A board should promote the long-term success of the company by identifying opportunities to create and preserve value and establishing oversight for the identification and mitigation of risks. Risk Governance is led by an Executive director and delivers a framework through which risks, which could divert resources, undermine performance or create financial instability, can be identified and managed. There are several key risks including health & safety, food safety and bird welfare which are embedded in operational management responsibilities as a fundamental part of being a responsible food business. 5. Remuneration: A board should promote executive remuneration structures aligned to the sustainable long-term success of a company, taking into account pay and conditions elsewhere in the company. Remuneration for Executive directors and senior managers is aligned with the achievement of short-and long-term company performance & value measures. This is reviewed independently by the Shareholder Board annually and periodically supported by external benchmarking conducted by a third party.

Highlight [page 12]: 6. Stakeholder Relationships and Engagement- A board has a responsibility to oversee meaningful engagement with material stakeholders, including the workforce, and have regard to that discussion when taking decisions. The board has a responsibility to foster good stakeholder relationships based on l/1& company's purpose. Our purpose is to be "a company you want to work with and for" and therefore engaging and communicating with our stakeholders is fundamental to how Avara do business. We also understand our responsibilities under Section 172 Companies Act 2006 and recognise that effective engagement with a wide range of stakeholders is essential to our own long-term success, and that our success should be for the benefit of stakeholders as a whole. To achieve this, we take care to understand the views and interests of a diverse range of stakeholders and factor them into our decision making. Engaging with a wide range of stakeholders also helps us balance the competing pressures on our business and ensure that we continue to provide high quality, safe and accessible protein without compromising on our standards or culture. During the year, the company provided information to enable Directors to consider the impact of the company's decisions on its key stakeholders. This information was circulated in a range of different formats including reports and presentations on financial and operational performance, non-financial key performan~e indicators, risk, environmental, social, and corporate governance matters, and the outcomes of specific pieces of engagement such as surveys. We acknowledge that every decision we make will not necessarily result in a positive outcome for all stakeholders. By considering the company's purpose, vision, and values together with its strategic priorities and having a process in place for decision-making, we do, however, aim to make sure that our decisions are consistent and predictable. The company delegates authority for day-to-day management of the company to executives and then engages management in setting, approving, and overseeing the execution of the business strategy and related policies. The company delegates to executive management to review the company's financial and operational performance, risk and compliance, and health and safety matters.

Highlight [page 12]: Stakeholder Group Engagement Colleagues Our colleagues are the heartbeat of Avara. Their input and views are sought using a number of channels: a regular all-employee survey, employee forums, engagement with Trades Union partners and via an independent, anonymous whistleblowing line. We have universally accessible communication methods in place, with important messages translated into multiple languages to ensure colleagues can access and understand important information about the business. Diversity and Inclusion remains a key priority, with a dedicated leadership team in place, looking at more ways we can ensure everyone at Avara feels welcomed, accepted and valued. Customers and Consumers We work in close partnership with customers to optimise the end-to-end supply chain and product mix so that we can consistently create value for all parties and meet the changing needs of the modern consumer. Through our in-house insight portal, we quickly gauge the feelings of consumers on a wide range of topics and understand what matters most when they are shopping.

Highlight [page 13]: Suppliers and Producers Our supply chain partners play a vital role in our business and ensure that our standards and expectations are upheld. We work closely with our contract farming base and engage with them on a regular basis, and on a range of issues, through formal surveys, working groups and regular events and forums. Their insight and experience have helped develop Avara's positions on important issues including animal welfare and reducing our environmental footprint. Agencies, Trade Bodies and NGOs As a responsible business, it is important that we continue to meet the standards expected of us and identify opportunities for continual improvement. Leaders from Avara sit on several industry committees and have been influential in setting new standards to take our industry forward in important areas like environmental impact, animal welfare and antibiotic use. Shareholders We want our shareholders to understand & actively support our company strategy to deliver growth and create value. We provide clear, timely performance reports and regularly discuss issues and decisions. Shareholders want to be up to date with key risks and to be clear about company commitments on environmental, social and governance matters. Engaging through COVID-19 Engagement with all stakeholders informed our response to COVID-19. Our decision-making process throughout the pandemic demonstrated our open, collaborative way of working and considered potential impacts and viewpoints from all stakeholders. We prioritised the health and safety of Avara's colleagues, agreed the re-prioritisation of products to overcome labour shortages and maintain supply to customers, and liaised closely with public health bodies at a national and local level to ensure our COVID protection measures adopted best practice. Even as the immediate impact of COVID-19 on our business has reduced, we are conscious that community infection levels remain high and monitor absence closely to understand any potential health and/or business impacts. As a result, the company has had an overview of engagement with stakeholders and other relevant factors which allows it to understand the nature of the stakeholders' concerns and to discharge its section 172 duties. •