
Highlight [page 9]: Corporate Governance Statement The Company is committed to the highest standard of corporate governance, business integrity and professionalism in all its activities. It has adopted the Wates Corporate Governance Principles for Large Private Companies and has applied them throughout the financial year. These six principles provide a tool by whic_ha company can describe and assess its corporate governance arrangements and the following statements outline how each principle applies to the Company. Principle One: Purpose and Leadership The Company has a defined purpose and strategy that guide its direction. It is part of the Fidelity International Group, a group of companies owned by FIL, a company incorporated in Bermuda, and the Company is charged with delivering key elements of Fidelity International strategy through its operating subsidiaries. From a UK perspective, the Company, and its subsidiaries, continue to be governed by strong and appropriately constituted Boards that recognise their distinct legal personality as well as their FIL Group membership and the benefits this brings. Management and oversight is aligned around two business lines - Investment Solution & Service ("ISS") and Workplace and Personal Financial Health ("WPFH"), which are distinct but complementary businesses lines. These two businesses are supported and work in partnership with Corporate Enablers, such as Finance, HR and Technology. The Group's aspiration is to provide services and products that are of most relevance to its clients. This will mean either combining or unbundling its offering, based on the clients' n~eds. To help achieve its 2030 vision, the Fidelity lnternational's company-wide goals framework has been simplified into three broad categories which represent the full scope of activities that are performed: i) ii) iii) Delighting the Group's clients; Improving how the Group operates; and Building a great place to work. Underpinning these 3 categories is a commitment to create a sustainable future which is a key part of everything the Group does. The Board has been part of this activity and its deliberations focussed on key areas such as the robustness of assumptions and the achievability of plans.

Highlight [page 10]: Principle One: Purpose and Leadership (continued) The FIL Group's core values are articulated as Integrity and Trust, supplemented by four new action-orientated behaviours: Brave, Bold, Curious and Compassionate, which are embedded through leadership presentations, Values & Behaviours events,· and related mandatory training courses for all employees of the FIL Group. The FHL Board subscribes to and shares these values and sets the strategy and risk ?!PPetitefor its UK businesses within the overall framework put in place by the FIL Board for the Fidelity International Group. Principle Two: Board Composition The Board is chaired by Peter Horrell, the former Head of the Global Workplace and Personal Business for Fidelity International, who is a non-executive Director. Anthony Lanser is the Chief Executive of the Company. This separation of the roles of Chair and Chief Executive aligns with generally accepted corporate governance best practice. The Chair is responsible for developing and overseeing the strategy approved by the Board, with the Chief Executive responsible for driving and implementing it. The Chairman works with the Company Secretary to ensure the quality and timely distribution of Board materials, to enable all directors to understand key .issues and contribute effectively at Board meetings. Directors are subject to a comprehensive induction programme on their appointment to familiarise themselves with the business and are also offered training on ari ongoing basis to develop and refresh their skills and knowledge as required to carry out their duties effectively. As at the date of this report, the Board is comprised of ten directors, three of whom are executive directors and seven non-executive directors. Four of the non-executive. directors are considered to be independent ("iNEDs"). Four of the ten (40%) Board members as at 1st January 2021 are female. The composition of the Board is reviewed periodically based on Board evaluation findings or on trigger events such as director resignations and the findings of such evaluations implemented. These reviews have resulted in the overall size of the FHL Board being reduced in recent years and iNED representation being increased. The Board has recognised the particular insight brought by the iNEDs who bring fresh perspectives to the Board's deliberations through their diverse financial services experience. Appointments to the Board are .made following a comprehensive review of the skills, experience and demographics of the existing directors to help identify candidates who will bring improved expertise and diversity to the Board. Proposed appointments are considered by a Nomination Committee of the Board and recommended to the Board for approval. Reflecting the growing corporate governance obligations of the Group, a recruitment exercise was undertaken in early 2021 using an external search agency to identify an appropriate candidate to serve as an additional independent non-executive Director of the Company and chair the Board of Financial Administration Services Limited, a principal subsidiary. This resulted in the appointment of Alan Hubenstein as a Director on 30 June 2021. Following the resignation of Dominic Rossi on 13 January 2022, the appointment of Romain Boscher as a non~executive Director was approved with effect from 25 February 2022. Principle Three: .Directors' Responsibilities The Board delegates certain responsibilities to two standing Committees (Audit and Risk Committee ("ARC") and the CASS Oversight Forum) which assist the Board in carrying out its functions and ensure that there is independent oversight of internal control and risk management. In addition, the Board convenes ad hoc meetings of a Nomination Committee, as required, to consider matters relating to Board succession. The Board Committees all have defined Terms of Reference that set out their purpose and responsibilities, supplemented by a schedule of matters reserved for the Board. The Chairman and Company Secretary review the Company's governance structures at least annually and present their assessment to the Board should potential improvements be identified.

Highlight [page 11]: Principle Three: Directors' Responsibilities (continued) The Board has procedures in place to ensure that it can manage conflicls of interest and powers for authorising certain conflicts are operating effectively. These operate throughout the Group, including for the subsidiary boards. On appointment, each director is provided with the guidelines for referring conflicts of interest to the respective board. Each director is required to notify their board of any actual or potential situational or transactional conflicts of interest and to update the board with any changes to the facts and circumstances surrounding such conflicts. • • The Board and its committees receive regular papers and reports from management and key functions such as Compliance, Finance and Risk. They are also updated immediately by management on significant emerging issues that may impact the business. Board papers clearly set out the key issues, stakeholder considerations, and the action being recommended, to facilitate effective decision-making. Principle Four: Opportunity and Risk The Board retains responsibility for key strategic decisions, which are specified in· a schedule of matters reserved for the Board. These include, for example, decisions on budgets, risk appetite, the adoption of UK and Group policies and approval of significant new business ventures. The ARC is responsible for risk oversight, and for providing independent and objective assurance to the Board on the effectiveness of the Group's system of internal control, including financial, operational, compliance and risk management. It recommends risk appetite to the Board and monitors adherence to predefined levels. The ARC also oversees relevant regulatory, tax and legal issues, along with all other matters that the Boc!rd deems relevant. It receives reports from Internal Audit, Compliance, Risk Management, Finance and the external auditors, PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP ("PwC"). The Committee membership is currently a non-executive Chairman and two independent non-executive Directors. The Board receives an update from the ARC Chairman at each Board meeting, including copies of all ARC minutes. In addition, the Chief Risk Officer presents a Risk Report at each ARC, including detailed risk metrics, and analysis of key risk themes and emerging risks. The Board monitors performance against financial plans and risk appetite. The Board and.ARC actively consider the maturity of the risk management practices within the business and whether these are appropriate (through inputs from Risk, Compliance and Internal Audit). Principle Five: Remuneration Remuneration policies that apply to the Company and its subsidiaries are set at FIL Group level and overseen by the Remuneration Committee of the FIL Board. At least annually, the Board receives an update on remuneration policies, their application and regulatory obligations. In line with the requirements of Directive 2009/65/EC, as amended by Directive 2014/91/EU (the "UCITS Directive") effective as of 18 March 2016, the FIL Group has a remuneration policy in place, which includes the relevant principles governing how the FIL Group remunerates its members of staff. The approach has been designed to support the long-term business interests of shareholders (which in turn are based on delivering value to customers over the long-term), to reflect the asset management risk model and to deliver long-term sustainability. This model is consistently applied locally to each subsidiary entity within the FIL Group. The remuneration policy is: globally consistent, underpinned by a common philosophy and guiding principles which is overseen and supervised by the FIL Remuneration Committee consistent with and promotes effective risk management consistent with the interests of both clients and shareholders in line with business results

Highlight [page 12]: Principle Five: Remuneration (continued) The Remuneration Policy Statement is prepared by the FIL Group compensation team in conjunction with Compliance and approved by the FIL Remuneration Committee. There are clearly defined approvals and governance processes, with oversight by a professional Compensation and Benefits ("C&B") function. The C&B team work with Risk professionals within Fidelity on an ongoing basis to identify any systemic risks with the compensation approach and to develop means of addressing these. No employees are involved in the determination or approval of their own remuneration. The FIL Group has a Gender Action Plan, which sets out how it will achieve greater gender balance through a series of data-led interventions on the recruitment, development, inclusion and retention of female talent. FIL Group's mean gender pay gap of 18.5% is significantly lower than the latest available asset management sector average of 27% (Source: 'Slow Progress: Gender Pay Gap in Banking & Finance', New Financial, November 2021 ). Asset management remains one of the sectors with the highest gender pay gaps; FIL Group will continue to support collaborative initiatives to increase diversity in the industry and encourage more women to consider careers in asset management. • Principle Six: Stakeholder Relationships and Engagement The Fidelity International Purpose of "Working together to build better financial futures" stresses the importance of collaboration to the business - working together both with colleagues and in partnership with clients. It also underlines a focus on sustainable, long-term outcomes, together with an aspirational focus on the future. The new Purpose framework includes clients, colleagues, communities, shareholders, suppliers, and regulators and policy makers. The pages that follow set out the key areas in which the Company engages with its key stakeholders. The FIL Group maintains a Whistleblowing Policy and Process that aims to maintain the trust that clients place in Fidelity International - which is endorsed by the Board, and the Board receives regular reports on any issues emerging from Whistleblowing events. Fidelity International strives for the highest standards of conduct and integrity, fostering an open environment in which employees and others can report instances of non-compliance without fear of recrimination. This whistleblowing policy is an important defence against corporate fraud and wrongdoing. It encourages staff and external parties to speak up in confidence if they suspect someone's actions or processes are exposing FIL to reputational, ethical, legal or regulatory risk.