
Highlight [page 7]: CorporateGovernance The company applied its own corporate governance code but can be explained more fully by using the six Wates principles as shown below. There was no departure from these principles. Purpose and Leadership Our overriding purpose has been to drive the standard in customer care, our PPA (purpose, principles and ambition). Our values, strategies and culture align to this purpose by committing all within the company to core principles, namely; . True - Honesty and integrity, always, Positive - The attitude to make it happen, Care - Respect and care for everyone and Enjoy - Enjoy what we do. The Board has implemented PPA wherever possible for a number of years and we have seen the benefits in the form of lower stall turnover and increasing profits. All Board level communications are attached to one of the core principles to demonstrate the commitment to them at the highest level. Board Composition The Board and Leadership team comprise of men and women who have demonstrated excellence in their field .in the past and been promoted to their current position as a result. This is in line with the company's ambition to promote internally and ensures there is a breadth of knowledge and expertise in the Board level decision-making process. This high level team has recently completed leadership skills training to ensure the whole team are aligned in that area. Director Responsibilities The Chairman and CEO chairs monthly Board meetings armed with a Board Pack of information and data to drive matters requiring discussion. There are clear lines of responsibility between the members, comprising the FD, Operations Director, HR Director and Company Secretary, thus ensuring a broad range of expertise and knowledge on hand to make informed decisions. They are supported by the Leadership Team who performs day to day duties aligned with Board decisions. The Board are also updated with reports from committee meetings which are held in the areas of Audit and Risk, Remuneration, Policy & Procedures and FCA Compliance. These are also attended by someone representing the sole sh_areholderto ensure compliance and alignment with the parent company policies and procedures. Opportunity and Risk The CEO and CFO hold regular meetings with decision makers within the parent company to discuss strategy, which also e·ncompasses the areas of opportunity and risk. These discussions have been fruitful for the company with opportunities becoming available in the area of possible dealership acquisitions. Current and future risks are taken extremely seriously and the Board manage these risks by discussions at the monthly meetings and tracking progress of strategic decisions through to completion. Remuneration The remuneration committee meetings are attended by the parent company representative to align with its strategies. Colleagues have benefited from company-wide uniform pay increases above the national average excluding the year of lockdown. Stakeholder relationships and engagement The Board lead by example and encourage all inside and outside the company to do everything they do so as to align to our PPA. Quarterly cascade and Town Hall meetings are held with colleagues all over the company to ensure they are given relevant information about the company's results and future-strategies. It's also a chance for the Board to take questions and suggestions. Regular meetings are held by senior people with our major customers and suppliers and information from these meetings is cascaded up to the Board for discussion at the monthly meetings. Information therefore flows up and down the lines of reporting to ensure the Board are fully engaged with all stakeholders and their views in decision making. In 2021 the company was named best dealer group in the Motor Trader Awards and picking up awards for Social Me~la and Digital Initiative.