
Highlight [page 13]: CORPORATEGOVERNANCEREPORT CorporateGovernanceReport for the year ended 31 December2021 The Board is committed to maintaining high standards of corporate governance to support the delivery of the business strategy, to maintain positive relations with all the Company's stakeholders and to create long-term value for its shareholder. During the reporting year, the Company applied the Wates Corporate Governance Principles for Large Private Companies (the "Wates Principles"). This report provides details on how the Board have approached their responsibilities during the year which, in turn, demonstrates how the Directors have acted in a way which is likely to promote the success of the company, as set out in section 172(1) and is explained more fully using the six Wates principles set out below.

Highlight [page 14]: Wates Principles Purpose An effective board promotes the purpose of a company and ensures that its values, strategy and culture align with that purpose. The Company's values are aligned with the Ford Corporate Truths. A principal value is that employees act with integrity and demonstrate ethical behavKlur, as set out ln the Company's Employee Handbooks and related policies. The Company's employee engagement and equal opportunities and diversity initiatives are set out on pages 5•7 in the Company's Strategic Report. The Board is fully aligned with Ford Motor Company's purpose: To help bu1Ida better world, where every person is free to move and pursue their dreams. This will be achieved globally through the delivery of the Ford+ plan which is customer-centric and is focused on enriching customer experience, disruptive technology, building new capabilities and deepeningloyalty. Composition Effective board composition requires an effective chair and a balance of skills, backgrounds, experience and knowledge, with individual directors having sufficient capacity to make a valuable contribution. The size of a board should be guided by the scale and complexity of the company. The Board composition for 2021 is detailed in the Directors· Report on page 13. The Board is satisfied that its composition includes individuals with a mix of skills and experience that are up to date, cover the key business areas necessary to make informed decisions and provide effective oversight of the Company's business risks. The Board and its committees regularly receive briefings on pertinent thematic issues. Responsibilities A board should have a clear understanding of its accountability and terms of reterence. Its policies and procedures should support effective decision-making and independent challenge. The chairperson chairs regular Board meetings which have Board presentations containing information and data to drive matters requiring discussion and decision. There are dear lines of responsibility between the members of the Board in their work responsibilities, thereby ensuring a broad range of expertise and knowledge to make informed decisions. The Board has developed a list of matters to be covered at the Board meetings throughout the year, which includes standing agenda items for each meeting which cover the key operating areas of the Company's business together with report outs from subject matter experts in other key areas on a periodic basis, including internal controls, pensions, property, tax matters, environmental matters. Opportunity and risk A board should promote the tong-term success of the company by identifying opportunities to create and preserve value and establishing oversight tor the identification and mitigation of risks. The Chairperson is a member of the Ford of Europe leadership team and has regular meetings with the Ford of Europe decision makers to discuss strategy. Representatives from the Board engage with Ford Motor Company to ensure that the Company's plans are fully aligned with the group. One of the Directors attends the regular Ford of Europe Audit Committees and, where appropriate, would report back matters to the Board which have material implications for the Company. Each of the Directors for their respective specialist areas receives a copy of any audit report conducted for their area. Where appropriate, the Director would raise any material issues to the Board. Remuneration A board should promote executive remuneration structures aligned to the sustainable long-term success of a company, taking into account pay and conditions elsewhere in the company. The Company rewards employees and members of the Board for performance and contributions to business success. The Company's compensation and benefits package in total will be competitive with leading companies. Compensation is generally comprised of three key elements; base salary, annual bonus and long term incentive plans or stock-based awards tor certain levels of employees. Stakeholders A board has a responsibility to oversee meaningful engagement with material stakeholders, including the wor1dorce,and have regard to that discussion when taking decisions. The board fostered good stakeholder relationships based on the company's purpose. Full particulars of the Company's stakeholder engagement are contained in the section 172 statement in the Strategic Report on pages 3-4.