
Highlight [page 13]: Corporate Governance The Group Board has chosen to report the Company's corporate governance against the Wates Corporate Governance Principles for Large Private companies. Principle Page reference 1. An Effective board develops and promotes the purpose of the company and ensures that its values, strategy and culture align. Refer to page 12 2. Board composition - Effective board composition requires an effective chairman and a balance of skills, backgrounds and knowledge with individual directors having sufficient capacity to make a valued contribution. The size of the board should be guided by the scale and complexity of the business. Refer to page 12 3. Director responsibilities - The board and individual directors should have a clear understanding of their accountability and responsibilities. The board's policies and procedures should support effective decision-making and independent challenge. Refer to page 12 4. Opportunity and risk - A board should promote the long-term sustainable success of the company by identifying opportunities to create and preserve value, and establishing oversight for the identification and mitigation of risks. Refer to principal risks section on pages 6 to 9 5. Remuneration -A board should promote executive remuneration structures aligned to the long-term sustainable successof a company, taking into account pay and conditions elsewhere in the company. Refer to page 13 6. Stakeholders - Directors should foster effective stakeholder relationships aligned to the company's purpose. The board is responsible for overseeing meaningful engagement with stakeholders, including the workforce, and having regard to their views when taking decisions. See our stakeholders and Section 172 on pages 9 and 10 which maps out our stakeholders and the engagement with them during the year. Purposeand Leadership FatFace's purpose is to offer a wide range of high-quality clothing, footwear, and accessories for all the family, that are designed with purpose and built to last. Further information can be found in the Strategic Reporting, detailing value and strategy. The Board and Director Responsibilities The Board takes a number of steps to ensure decision making has sufficient regard to key stakeholders, with a key focus on corporate governance and compliance.

Highlight [page 14]: The Group Board is made of Executive Directors, Non-Executive Directors, a Chairman, and key shareholder representatives. The Board has scheduled meetings every month, where information on all key aspects of the business are discussed. In addition, the Group has formed an Audit Committee. The Audit Committee responsibilities include overseeing the financial reporting and external audit process, along with reviewing risk management and internal controls. Audit Committee meetings are held three times a year, two of these meetings are attended by the Group's external auditors. Opportunity and Risk The key strategic, operational, and financial risks, along with the mitigations, are set out in the Strategic Report. The Audit Committee requires regular updates on these risks. Remuneration There is a Remuneration Committee in place, both Executive and Non-Executive Directors sit on the committee. The Committee recommends and approves all director and senior management remuneration via a majority vote. The Chairman's salary is also approved by the Remuneration Committee on a fee basis. Stakeholder Relationships and Engagement Further information about the key stakeholder groups and how the Board consider these in relation to decision making, including values and engagement with the Crew, are set out within the Strategic Report.