
Highlight [page 30]: CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT Background The board has adopted a governance code appropriate to its status as a large private company incorporated in the UK and a member of a Hong Kong listed group. The arrangements, which were adopted by the board in February 2020, are based on the Wates Principles for large private companies but have been adapted to recognise the company's position as a member of the CKA group. The principles adopted by the board cover the following six pillars: Purpose and leadership This requires the board to ensure that the company has a strategy and business model_to generate long-term sustainable value, that the company operates with a clear sense of purpose and collective vision, and that the company's values, strategy and culture align with its purpose. Management of the COVID-19 crisis remained a significant focus for the board and the company during the year. At the same time, significant progress was made in relation to the three "tr~nsition to business as usual" objectives: • Bounce back into action stronger for customers, partners, people and owners, as demonstrated by improved customer reputation and employee engagement scores, and the development of a new customer offer, Crafted Pubs; Finish the foundations we are building in culture, organisation and str.ategy,as demonstrated by the ongoing roll out of the 'Greene King Unleashed' programme, the completion of a bottom-up five-year strategic plan and the launch of foundational projects for the Greene King brand, customer engagement, segmentation and pricing; and • Maximise the performance of the business in a balanced way, as der11onstrated by the development and roll out of the transformational "Dartboard" balanced scorecard. Considerabl~ time was also devoted to preparing plai:,sand priorities for 2022. Board composition This focuses on the role of the chair and requires the board to provide constructive challengeto management to ensure effective decision making. The chairman of the company, George Magnus, has consider,!ble experience as a non-executive director and chairman. His role is key to ensuring that the board provides· effective decision making and constructive challenge to management. The non-executive directors of the board, appointees of CKA, are experienced executives with a range of skills and experience, including in the retail sector. All directors are given the opportunity to ask questions of management during board meetings and to offer their insight and experience where relevant. • • i;>irector responsibilities This requires the board to establish and maintain corporate responsibility to support effective decision making. , The board has approved a schedule of responsibilities setting out matters requiring bo~rd approval. These include the following: governance practices that provide clear lines of accountability and I. approval of the long-term strategy of the company; extension of the group's activities into new businesses or geographic areas and approval of all significant corporate acquisitions or disposals by the group; approval of major changesto the group's corporate structure; approval of the annual statutory accounts; changes to the governance structure of the group and; approval of new board appointments. The board has also approved the formation of a board committee whose initial members comprise representatives from CKA and the chief executive officer, chief financi~I officer and chief people officer of Greene King.This has been delegated the authority to make certain decisions relating to the management and operation of the co_mpany,as set out in the schedule of responsibilities approved the board. Matters for which the board committee has responsibility include: approval of the annual operating and capital expenditure budgets; approval of the funding strategy and debt structure; approval of any significant changesto the group's management and control structure; the declaration or recommendation of dividends; approval of any significant changes in accounting policies or practices; determining the remuneration policy of the company and; approval of executive pay.

Highlight [page 31]: D.uring the year the board ·co~mittee passed a number of resolutions relating in particular to the debt structure of the group,and the acquisition of companies. A new facility agreement with the Bank of Nova Scotia was approved by the ·committee in Decemb~r'202,1. In June 202 l:~e ~ommittee app~oved the acquisition of shares in a company in connection with the group's roll out of electric vehi~fe,•:··,, charging points across i~ pub estate and later in the year approved the acquisition of 3 companies in connection with the acquisition of .- ~e freehold of a nunib_er"!!°.J>fil.,easeholdpubsalready occupied by the group. The board committee also approved the annual budget for 2022 in a meeting held in December. Certain members of the board (who are not board committee members) also attended the meeting and were provided the opportunity to ask any questions and•·provide their views. • The board has also.approved an authorities matrix setting.out a range_ofoperational controls, which is reviewed on an annual basis. Opportunity and risk This requires the company to ensure that n:,anagementpromotes the long-term sustainable success of the company by identifying opportunities to create and preserve value and establishing oversight for the identification and mitigation of risks. During the year the board was kept fully informed of the actions taken by management to deal with the COVID-19 pandemic. Details of the risks facing the businessare set out in the section on principal risks and uncertainties and the COVID-19 sections within the strategic report. The board is also kept appraised on a regular basis of opportunities for the business,whether they relate to potential acquisitions or other corporate activity, new areas of business or other opportunities to improve the ·customer or employee offer. In addition to the risk management processes outlined in the principal risks and uncertainties section of this report, the key elements of the group's internal control framework are: • ··~Q•t... the governance arrangements outlined above; the group's defined management structure with suitable authority limits.and responsibilities, staffed by appropriate personnel; • regular updates for the board on strategy; a comprehensive planning and financial reporting procedure including annual budgets and a longer-term strategic plan, both of which will be reviewed a_ndapproved by the board; • ongoing monitoring by b~th the board and senior management of perf~rmance against budgets, through the periodic reporting of detailed management accounts and key performance indicators; ongoing monitoring by the board of compliance with financial covenants; a centralised financial reporting system and close process, with controls and reconciliation procedures designed to facilitate the production of the consolidated accounts; clearly defined evaluation and approval processes for acquisitions and disposals, capital expenditure and project control, with escalating levels of authority (including board approval for major acquisitions and disposals), detailed appraisal and review procedures and post-completion reviews; • review of retail operational compliance by the.retail internal audit team responsible and other analytical and control procedures facilitated by the EPOStill system; • audits conducted by the group internal audit function of business and functional control environments; and documented policies to cover data protection, modern slavery, bribery and whistle-blowing and regular updates on any incidents. • Remuneration This requires the board to ensure ~hat executive remuneration structures are aligned to the long-term sustainable success of the company, taking into account pay and conditions elsewhere in the company and that remuneration for· directors and senior managers should be aligned with performance, behaviours and the achievement of the company's purpose, values and strategy. The board committee has responsibility for approving changes to executive pay. Approval was given for a standard 2% increase to all non-pub level employees in the autumn. The introduction of the "Dartb~ard" balanced scorecard will ensure that remuneration in aligned with performance. Bonus arrangements going forwards will not onlx reflect achievement against the scorecard but also individual behaviours and the achievement of the company's strategic objectives: Stakeholder relationships and engagement This requires the board to ensure that the company conducts meaningful engagement with stakeholders, including the workforce, has regard to their views when taking decisions. • and Further details of how the company has managed relationships and engagedwith its various stakeholders can be found in the section on Directors duties under section In Companies Act 2006, in the strategic report.