
Highlight [page 22]: Strategic Report (continued) Corporate governance report Under the Companies (Miscellaneous Reporting) Regulations 2018, large private companies are required to disclose their corporate governance arrangements to ensure sustainable and responsible governance practices extend to private limited companies. All entities in the Greenergy Group operate under the Group Corporate Governance Framework mandated by the Board of Directors (the "Board")'Board') of the parent company, Greenergy Group Holdings Limited. The Group has adopted the Wates Principles as part of its governance framework, and considers these an integral part of its approach to governance. Purpose and Leadership The Group's mission is to deliver long-term value for our stakeholders through the production and distribution of waste-derived renewable transportation fuels. We are guided by our values and do this by evolving our supply chain, retaining strong customer relationships, delivering change through innovation and acting responsibly and being accountable. Our mission is more than supplying products and services, it includes the way we do our business, our interactions with customers, our governance and values. Our values underpin every interaction we have, whether with colleagues, customers, suppliers and the communities in which we operate. The close relationship between effective Governance and effective Executive authority and action is at the heart of this process and our business. Day-to-day operations of the Group are managed by the Executive Leadership Team, comprising thirteen members of senior management (female: three) who have executive authority to make key decisions on operational, commercial and key stakeholder matters. The Executive Leadership Team meet formally and informally on a weekly basis to discuss key stakeholder matters and make decisions within their Executive Authority. In addition to these meetings, the Executive Directors also meet on a weekly basis. The Executive Leadership Team receives its mandates and guidance from the Board and the Sub-Committees, each with a particular mandate, which have been established to directly advise and engage with the company. They in turn give mandates and guidance to the senior management team with weekly Management meetings as well as regular engagement through emails, biogs and stewardship meetings with the functional heads. This framework ensures that the Greenergy Group's executive and core management team are empowered with the appropriate level of authority to make decisions on behalf of the individual operating entities. Throughout the year, the primary focus for the Board and Executive Leadership Team was to ensure the Group was able to successfully navigate through the pandemic, and actively review projects to drive the energy transition and grow the business. As the energy transition accelerates, Greenergy's history of being an innovative transportation fuel producer and supplier remains a key focus for the Board, as we look to continue developing cleaner, greener fuels. This is supported through the Group's purpose and mission, supported by our business plan and strategy.

Highlight [page 23]: Governance Framework Board of Directors (Greenergy Group Holdings Limited [the "Board")) Responsible for governance, long-term strategy, stewardship and approvals Process Integrity Committee ESG Committee Ethics Committee Remuneration Committee Audit Committee Internal Risk Committee Executive Directors Recommends strategy for approval by the Group Board and collects necessary mandates on an annualised basis as well as on a case by case basis. Chief Executive Officer ~----C-h-ie_f_F_i_n_a_n_ci_a_i

_o_ _o_ff_i_ce_r ____ ~I ~I____ c_h_i_e_f

~

_o_p ~ _o_p_e_ra_t_in_g_o_ff_i_ce_r ____ Executive Leadership Team Led by the Chief Executive, the Executive Leadership Team manage the business on a day to day basis and have executive authority to make key decisions on operational, commercial and stakeholder matters Management Group Subsidiary and Joint Venture Boards Staff and other key stakeholders

Highlight [page 24]: Board composition The Board remains unchanged, and comprises three executive directors, the Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer and Chief Operating Officer and seven non-executive directors, including a non-executive Chairman. Certain reserved matters such as governance, long-term strategy, mergers and acquisitions, restructuring and commercial deals over a certain size or duration are submitted to the Board for advice and ultimate approval. The composition of the Group Board is considered appropriate for the size of the Group, with the directors bringing a wide range of commercial and industry experience, ensuring a well-balanced range of views and experience. The directors recognise the Board composition lacks diversity. We are committed to supporting diversity and inclusion across the entire workforce and in particular continuing to improve diversity among the senior management and executive leadership teams. Directors' responsibilities The Board is continuously improving its approach to Corporate Governance ensuring clear responsibilities are allocated to individuals and sub-committees and reviewing if the strategy is still fit for purpose, requesting updates from the sub-committees and subject matter experts. At the beginning of each year, Quarterly recurring board meetings for Greenergy Group Holdings Limited are scheduled for the year and dates are set. Two additional strategic board meetings are set to discuss and define the Group's strategy and five year strategic plan. Board meetings are a mechanism to evaluate and review business operations and how they align with the Group's overall strategy and the impact on our key stakeholders. The key activities and decisions undertaken by the Board in 2021 our outlined in the 'Section 172(1) Companies Act 2006 Statement' on pages 24 to 32. Each board meeting follows a considered agenda, agreed in advance by the Board. Within the set sections there are certain standing items such as review and discussion on Process Integrity data and events and Governance. There are also special topics which are added to individual sections as required with non-board Executives and key management periodically invited to Board meetings for specific items to provide their expertise to the Board discussion dependent on matters under consideration. Prior to COVID-19, Board meetings would be held at different locations to allow the non-executive board members the opportunity to meet staff at different locations. It is planned these will resume in 2022.

Highlight [page 24]: Opportunity and risks Greenergy's mission, values and overall Group strategy guide the Board's decisions to promote and deliver long-term value, taking advantage of opportunities which arise whilst ensuring an appropriate risk framework is in place to manage the risks we face in our business. The Group's Risk Committee, chaired by the Chief Financial Officer, aims to assist the Board in the fulfilment of its corporate governance, establishment of procedures to manage risk, oversee the internal control framework, and determine the nature and extent of the principal risks the company is willing to take in order to achieve its long-term strategic objectives. Principal risks are identified across the business at all levels, to ensure those are registered and reported to the Board along with the mitigation plans associated with them. The risks we face in our business, and the action we take to mitigate those risks, are formalised in a risk register on pages 10 to 17 which is reviewed by the Risk Committee and formally approved by the Board. Different business units assess the risk in their area of expertise, with the Board being informed of such risks to establish the level of risk accepted to meet its strategic objectives.

Highlight [page 25]: Remuneration The role of Greenergy's Remuneration Committee is to determine the strategy and policy in relation to terms and conditions of engagement (including remuneration) of the senior management of the Greenergy Group and to determine the specific total remuneration of the Senior Management (including payments and awards under annual bonus plans, share incentive schemes, pension schemes and any other compensation arrangements). The Committee is responsible for the development of the remuneration policy which ultimately is approved by the Board. It also regularly reviews the on-going appropriateness and relevance of the remuneration policy to ensure compliance and appropriate consistency and effectiveness of application, and, if necessary, make proposals for changes. Greenergy strives to be and remain a preferred employer, attracting and retaining talent at all levels, developing and promoting where possible from within. Stakeholders Stakeholder engagement is considered crucial by the Board, and this is applied at all levels of the organisation supported by the Leadership Team and reported to the Board. All stakeholders are appropriately considered throughout our decision-making process and consulted and engaged regularly through dedicated surveys or meetings, including tailored initiatives. The impact that activities might have on each stakeholder is balanced and assessed throughout the decision-making process to ensure the stakeholder's interests are appropriately considered. Our key stakeholders, how we engage with them, and the effect stakeholders have on Board decision making is outlined in the 'Section 172(1) Companies Act 2006 Statement' on pages 24 to 32.