
Highlight [page 10]: Corporate Governance statement The Group recognises the value of strong corporate ·governance and we are committed to this principle. The Group has adopted the Wates Principles as its corporate governance arrangements. We have applied them in the following way: 1. Purpose and Leadership The Group purpose is to 'deliver visionary logistics to our customers' and is explained in more detail above on page 2. The Group's strategy, values and culture are aligned with the purpose. 2. Board Composition See Board of Directors section above, this describes our approach in more detail. 3. Director Responsibilities On page 14, Statement of Director's responsibilities, describes our approach to this in more detail. 4. Opportunity and Risk The Group Risk and Internal Audit Committee provides oversight of our risk management approach. The Committee meets quarterly and comprises the following members: • Managing Director (Chair) • Group Legal, Risk and Sustainability Director • Group Finance Director • Director, Hayton Coulthard Transport • Head of Risk

Highlight [page 11]: The committee's terms of reference are described more fully on page 5, Principal Risks and Uncertainties. The Group seeks to create long-term value through growing the business by offering high quality services and securing long-term, profitable contracts with customers, whilst operating efficiently and cost-effectively to maintain a low cost base. Growth opportunities are either organic growth through new business opportunities or • through acquisition. Acquisition decisions are made at Holdings company Board meetings and based on any acquisition meeting certain criteria. Organic growth opportunities are discussed at Management Board meetings on a monthly basis. 5. Remuneration Our approach to remuneration is described in the next section, Remuneration Report. 6. Stakeholder Relationships and Engagement The Group recognises the importance of engagement with the many different stakeholders that it has including with employees, employee's representatives, customers, suppliers, industry regulators and industry bodies. Our approach is more fully described on pages 7-8 in the Section 172 Statement section. Remuneration report Our aim is to pay in line with the market so we can recruit and retain individuals with the skills and experience necessary to ·deliver the Group's purpose and strategy. Where appropriate we consult with relevant employee representatives regarding pay and benefits. The Group has adopted best practice when it comes to remuneration policy and approach. Pay is structured around a number of grades linked to roles and bands which support our hierarchy. This provides a framework to implement our reward and benefit strategy in a structured, fair and consistent way. Pay is reviewed annually and is periodically benchmarked against market wage and salary data. 10 Gregory Distribution (Holdings) Limited Group performance, economic climate and market conditions are considered before finalising any pay review. Our recruitment team constantly compare our pay rates to those offered by our competitors and we consult with local managers on local market conditions. For some specialist roles individual performance, skill and competency are considered as well as progression within role, changes to responsibilities and internal promotion. Given the competitiveness of the driver recruitment market in particular, we regularly benchmark driver pay on a regional basis. We closely monitor driver turnover and vacancy numbers to give an early indication of changes in the market. 2021 saw a number of changes to driver pay due to a significant change in market forces. Remuneration for Board members and management is linked to overall performance which ensures • alignment common Group financial objective senior Group to a All pay decisions are made in line with Delegation of Authority, with any annual increase approved by the Management Board. the pay The Group reports on Gender Pay. The Group's gap is lower than the UK's average and whilst our sector is male dominated, we are proud to employ higher than the national average of female HGV drivers. We will continue to support women in this sector and implement appropriate strategies to further support this. Our pay structure incorporating grades and bands helps us to ensure fairness and lawfulness and avoid gender pay discrimination By order of the board