
Highlight [page 21]: Corporate Governance report CHAIRMAN'S INTRODUCTION On behalf of the board of directors, I am pleased to present the governance report which describes the key areas considered by the Board and its committees this year and how those responsibilities were discharged. Over the last 12 months the world has begun to re-emerge from COVID-19 which led to an unprecedented health and economic crisis. Throughout. the Board continued to support the executive team whilst enhancing the high standards of corporate governance essential to effective Board oversight and vital to a successful organisation. We have welcomed four new Board directors, as we increased the Board size from 7 to 9. We said farewell to Tanya Castell who left at the end of her term to join the Prudential Regulatory Committee (PRC) at the Bank of England. Martin Bjornberg also returned to Sweden after spending nearly five years in the UK, helping to build the Bank from a branch into a fully functioning pie. We thank them both for their contributions and welcome Margaret Willis, Arja Taaveniku and Patricia Jackson who joined as non-executive directors, and Jergen Olander who joined as Chief Financial Officer and executive director. BOARD AND ACTIVITY In another busy year. the monthly scheduled Board meetings were supplemented by training, briefing sessions and ad-hoc meetings to address other key areas, including strategy and execution, financial performance, risk management and corporate governance. Highlights of our work and decisions can be found summarised below: Composition: The Board, through the Nomination Committee, have remained aware that as all non-executive directors were appointed within a short period of time, following subsidiarisation, their terms would end at around the same time. Conscious of this, the Nomination Committee undertook a review of Board composition and an evaluation of succession plans for both executive and non-executive directors. This included a thorough review of the skills and experience required and demands on Board time in order to complement the strategic ambitions of the Bank. The thorough assessment. whir.h is r1P.sr.rihP.r1inmorP.r1P.tililon f'Jil!JP.?1, r.11lmin,:1tedin incre,:1sing the size of the Board by two. to bring it closer into line with peers, and bringing on two non-executive directors with skills and experience that complement the Board. Maureen Laurie was also appointed as the Senior Independent Director. Strategy/ Reorganisation: The Board has retained close oversight over the simplification and streamlining of the organisational structure. Delivered in the year, the objectives which included increasing efficiency, clarifying responsibility and preparing the Bank for the next phase of growth (in line with the details found in the Strategic report on page 6) have already materialised. The Board also considered the Bank's Business plan and oversaw updates to its strategy. ensuring alignment of strategic objectives with those of the shareholder as appropriate. • Financial performance: The Board received regular updates from the CEO and Chief Financial Officer on the Bank's performance, including business volumes. with specific attention paid to the effect on the balance sheet and income statement from file remediation and the Bank's participation in the Coronavirus Business Interruption Loan Scheme ('CBILS'). In addition, the Chief Financial Officer has during the year highlighted, amongst other things, the effect on the Bank of the reduction in interest rates and the capital and liquidity position of the Bank. Governance & Risk management: During the year the Board reviewed the policy framework and approved updates to policies and the governance framework of the Bank. In addition, the Board reviewed, challenged and approved the Bank's prudential documents including the ICAAP, ILAAP, recovery plan, risk tolerance statements and the Risk Management Framework. Whilst these documents ore :;till evolving. the Boord noted improvement in the consistency and content of all documents and were given the ability to cl1allenge the prudential documents thoroughly before approval through briefing sessions chaired by the Chief Risk Officer. The Board also convened to closely monitor progress and the performance of the anti-money-laundering remediation programme. • • • The Board agenda during the year remained influenced by the pandemic and the subsequent lockdowns. The Board continued to monitor the outputs, receiving regular updates to ensure staff and customers remained supported. Regulations: The Board has remained informed and engaged on sustainability developments and climate change. It has also considered ongoing projects such as the LIBOR transition, operational resilience as well as the Bank's move towards an Internal Ratings Based ('IRB') approach to calculate risk-weighted exposure amounts for credit risk. Culture:The Bank'scultureis integralto the way the Bankis runand helpsensurecustomersget the best possibleserviceand outcomes and that it supports staff. The Board is committed to the development of a workplace strategy to help colleagues to thrive and succeed. Throughout the year, the Board engaged with management on progress with the reorganisation and proposals for being more flexible in how and where our colleagues work. To ensure an understanding of the views of all staff, the Board visited branches in the year and heard from the Chair of the UK Works Council who ensured the voice of employees was heard in the Boardroom. This has also been supplemented by feedback from the Financial Services Culture Board, employee surveys and regular updates from the CEO and Chief HL1manResources Officer. Effectiveness and Evaluation: This year, the Board carried out its effectiveness review in-house (having undertaken an external facilitated review the previous year) with the assistance of the Governance team. The findings of the review are being worked through, but overall concluded that the Board operated effectively. In addition to the above, regular updates have been provided on financial crime prevention, IT strategy, diversity and inclusion, sustainability and climate change and regular updates from the Bank's Chief Economist.

Highlight [page 22]: The Board's committees continued to play an important role in the governance and oversight of the Bank by ensuring adherence to strong governance practice and principles and providing appropriate oversight. In order to support the Board, the Board IT Strategy Committee helps in the formulation. and has oversight of, the Board approved UK IT Strategy. A report from the main Board committees. which sets out their approach and considerations can be found in the Governance report section starting on page 34. The Board and senior management are supported through continuous development and training. The Nomination Committee reviews succession planning each year to ensure the optimum balance of expertise, skills and experience is available across senior management in the Bank. The Board has female representation of 56% and the Bank remains committed to continuing to be a member of the Women in Finance Charter. In line with the recommendations from the Parker Review, the Board is committed to increasing ethnic diversity and this will be a specific consideration in future appointments. BOARD EFFECTIVENESS REVIEW In 2020. Independent Audit Limited, an independent third party, was appointed to undertake an externally facilitated Board effectiveness evaluation. The findings of the review were presented in 2020 and concluded that the Board and its individual members operate effectively and possessed the right balance of skills and expertise, with some enhancements suggested. The Board has made substantial progress against the findings and this year conducted an internal review, which was undertaken via a questionnaire and included follow up discussions. A schedule of findings was created which is overseen by the Nomination Committee on behalf of the Board. Three key themes that emerged from the evaluations and the good progress made against these in 2021, is outlined in the table below: Themes from 2020 Consider Board composition and consider the appointment of an additional independent non-executive director ,What the Board did in 2021 ' Ensuring the Board has sufficient capacity as well as the right balance and skills was considered by the Nomination Committee. It recommended the appointment of an additional independent non-executive director with front line banking expertise which led to the appointment of Margaret Willis in August. The Nomination Committee also felt that increasing the Board size with the addition of an experienced non-executive director would help strengthen the Board and manage the workload. Alja Taaveniku. who is an experienced business leader and also sits on the Handelsbanken Group Board. having spent over 30 years in leadership positions with a number of international retail oraanisations, was also appointed in Auaust. Ensure succession planning is in place All new non-executive director appointments in the year were made on four year terms to mitigate the potential cliff-edge departure of the Board. given its new creation at subsidiarisation. Reviews of committee composition have also been undertaken to ensure succession plans are in place as required with other appointments made. as necessary. Consider appointing a Senior Independent Director ('SID') To bring the Board into line with other organisations, Maureen Laurie was appointed SID in July. Maureen supports the Board Chair in his role and acts as a sounding Board when necessary, but is also able to be the trusted intermediary in the event of any concerns about the Chair or CEO. This has not been an issue in the year, however also supports the desire of the Bank to strengthen its ~overnance credentials especially qiven the non-independent Bo;;m;!Chair. The balance of independence on the Board will continue to be reviewed in 2022. With regards to individual directors, the Board Chair appraised the directors' performance and the Board Chair's performance review was led by the Senior Independent Director and took into account the views of the rest of the Board. The Board concluded that all directors were fulfilling their duties and responsibilities effectively. It is the Board's intention to undertake another externally Facilitated review in 2022. CULTURE AND VALUES The Board recognises the importance of its role in setting the tone of the Bank's culture and embedding it throughout the organisation. The Bank is characterised by a clear division of responsibility where each part of the business operations bears full responsibility for its business and risk management. As a consequence. there are strong incentives For high risk awareness and for prudence in the business operations. The decentralised business model is combined with centralised controls. A number of information sources are used to gauge the company's culture and these include: the Financial Services Culture Board (formerly the Banking Standards Board) survey. which measures culture within organisations, customer complaints and the COVID-1 g survey on home working and employee welfare. In addition, management also looks at Feedback From leavers and qrievances raised. LOOKING AHEAD Handelsbanken pie continues to be committed to the highest standards of governance and I am pleased to confirm that the Bank has complied with the Wates Principles For the reporting period ended 31 December 2021. Our corporate governance priorities For the year ahead will be to continue to operate at high levels of corporate governance as well as reflect and Further embed the learnings From the 2020 and 2021 Board effectiveness review. which will result in the continued strengthening of governance across the Bank.

Highlight [page 23]: MEETING AND ATTENDANCE TABLE The Board and Board committees held a number of scheduled meetings in 2021 at which senior executives, external advisors and independent advisors were invited, as required, to attend and present on business developments and governance matters. Due to COVID-19 the majority of these meetings took place by Skype during the first three quarters of the year. Sufficient time is scheduled at the start of every Board meeting, and as required, for the Chairman to meet separately with the non-executive directors to discuss any matters arising. There is a comprehensive Board pack and agenda which is circulated beforehand so that directors have the opportunity to consider the issues to be discussed. The Company Secretary attended all Board meetings and is responsible for documenting discussions and actions arising at meetings. The table below sets out the attendance at formally scheduled meetings in 2021. Additional Board and Board committee meetings were convened during the year to discuss ad-hoc business development, governance, and regulatory matters. These ad-hoc meetings have not been included in the table below but are referenced in a footnote: Board and Committee attendance at scheduled meetings in 2021 Board Member Board Meeting Remuneration Committee Audit Committee Risk & Compliance Committee Nomination Committee IT Strategy Committee Mikael Hallc'lker {Chair) Tanya Castell 11/11 6/6 8/8 3/3 4/4 3/3 4/4 John Ellacott Maureen Laurie 11/11 11/11 8/8 8/8 5/5 6/6 5/5 4/4 Agneta LiDa Mikael S0rensen 11/11 11/11 6/6 5/5 4/4 Martin Bjornberg Alja Taaveniku 10/10 5/5 3/3 2/2 Marqaret Willis Patricia Jackson 5/5 2/3 3/3 2/'? 1/1 3/3 2/2 0/1 Jorgen Olander 1/1 1) 2) 3) 4) 5) 6) 7) 8) The Board met on six separateoccasionsin the year to considerone-offitemswhere a Soard approvalwas required The Board welcomesdirectorsto attend meetingswhere they are not members The Board RemunerationCommitteemet on sevenseparateoccasionsin the year to considerone-off items The Board AuditCommitteemet on one separateoccasionin the year to discusscapital briefing The Board Riskand ComplianceCommitteemet on an additionaleightseparateoccasionsln the year to considerone-offitems The Board NominationCommitteemet on fourteenseparateoccasionsin the year to considerone-off items PatriciaJacksonreplacedTanya Castellas Chairof the Board Riskand ComplianceCommitteeon 1 October.TanyaCastellleft the Bankat the end of her term tojoin the Bankof En!llancl's Prudentia R€f1Ulato,yCommittee. JergenOlanderreplacedMartin Bj0rnbergas CFO and executivedirectoron the 1 December. Martin Bjornbergleft his positionsat Handelsbankenpie to returnto a seniorroleat the Parent.

Highlight [page 24]: Wates principles Handelsbanken pie is committed to delivering high standards of governance, corporate and social responsibility, ethics and risk management with sound and prudent management being central to the Bank's values and governance structure. For the year ended 31 December 2021, the Bank has applied the Wates Corporate Governance Principles for Large Private Companies (published by the Financial Reporting Council (FRC) in December 2018 and available on the FRC website). The principles enable companies within their scope to demonstrate good governance by setting standards in respect of purpose and leadership. board composition, remuneration, risk management and stakeholder relations. PRINCIPLE 1 - PURPOSE AND LEADERSHIP "An effective board develops and promotes the purpose of a company, and ensures that its values, strategy and culture align with that purpose." - The Wates Principles Purpose Handelsbanken pie was this year highlighted as an example of a purposeful business, in both the British Academy's ongoing 'Future of the Corporation' programme and a Financial Conduct Authority essay series. Our purpose remains best understood through our goal, mission and the core values the Handelsbanken Group has stayed true to for the last 50 years: it finds clearest expression in colleagues· actions and the stakeholder outcomes these produce. The Bank's only corporate goal is shared with the wider Handelsbanken Group: 'to have higher profitability than the average of comparable peer banks in its home markets'. This goal is achieved through continual focus on having more satisfied customers and lower costs than the Bank's competitors. Our mission is to be a trusted, long-term financial partner, meeting customers' needs now and for the future. We are a relationship bank, both inside and out. We aim to build close, lifelong relationships with each of our customers, by showing them consistent care and high quality service. and by remaining financially strong enough to support them throughout the economic cycle. We also aim to attract and develop our employees for life, thereby strengthening both our customer relationships and our culture. Handelsbanken pie's core values are fundamental and timeless. The first of these, to 'trust in the individual' and their desire and ability to do worthwhile things well. makes it natural to decentralise and empower colleagues throughout our business, with all employees working within the Bank's central framework of principles, policies and control. As well as fostering a high degree of cooperation and engagement, this approach -free of centrally-set targets, financial incentives or sales campaigns - gives our local branch teams space to get close to their customers, leading in turn to swifter. better and more cost-effective decisions. The second guiding value, to 'take a long-term, sustainable view in everything we do', steers us to forge deep and lasting customer relationships, to limit the bank's risks and those of our customers, and to take sensible, sustainable decisions. Together. our goal and mission that define what we do, and our core values that steer how we do it, give us our common, strongly-held sense of purpose. Referred to collectively as 'Our Way', after the book of principles and practices all employees receive when joining the Handelsbanken Group, they have been discussed in everyday contexts right across the organisation for many years, as they continue to be today. Strategic objective The above-noted corporate goal has been deemed appropriate for the UK business by the Board of directors. One of its purposes is to offer the Bank's shareholder long-term, high growth in value, expressed in increasing earnings per share over a business cycle. Knowing how we are performing against our chosen focuses of having the most satisfied -customers and lower costs than our competitors is important. To do this we regularly assess the detailed results of independent customer satisfaction surveys, while monitoring the published cost-income ratios of our peers against our own. ' Together. the above purpose and goal guide the way we think and work throughout the Bank. They are communicated consistently to all employees. using training, 'Our Way', and through frequent examples of how these ideas are being put into practice in various parts of our business. The Board's role The Board's primary role is to provide leadership and to ensure that the Bank is appropriately managed within a framework of prudent and effective controls and core values. while delivering long-term shareholder value. The Board is responsible for the Bank's strategy, corporate culture, governance framework, risk management and internal controls, risk tolerances. and its compliance obligations under the regulatory system. The Board is committed to ensuring good governance throughout the Bank and for instilling the culture of decentralisation, customer focus, sustainable decision making, and social responsibility. These values are renected in the policies and directions Fromthe Board, as well as in its support, review and challenge of the Bank's affairs when engaging with executive management and other stakeholders of the Bank. Further details about stakeholder engagement can be found in our Strategic report on pages 29 - 33. Highlights of the work completed by l~1eBoard during 2021 can be found in the Corporate governance report on pages 20 - 22.

Highlight [page 25]: PRINCIPLE 2 - BOARD COMPOSITION "Effective board composition requires an effective chair and a balance of skills, backgrounds, experience and knowledge. with individual directors having sufficient capacity to make a valuable contribution. The size of a board should be guided by the scale and complexity of the company." -The Wates Principles The Bank has one shareholder. Svenska Handelsbanken AB (publ.). The shareholder approves the appointment of the Board members. based on recommendations from the Nomination Committee. Members of the Board bring a range of skills and experience to the Bank through the combination of four independent non-executive directors. three non-executive directors (including the Chairman) and two executive directors. Their diverse skillset and experience gives the Board a strong understanding of the Bank's operation and its stakeholders and allows it to provide useful challenge and support to executive management. Board directors Mikael Halli:iker. Chairman Mikael Halli:iker has worked for the Parent company Svenska Handelsbanken AB (publ.) since 2001 and is currently the chairman of the board for two other Handelsbanken Group subsidiaries: Handelsbanken Liv (life insurance) and Handelsbanken Fastigheter (property company). He is also a board member of the Handelsbanken Group's pension fund and the Group's pension trust. Mikael has been a member of senior management within the Bank's parent, having previously been Head of Investor Relations and Rating at Svenska Handelsbanken AB (publ.) since 2010. He has experience in investment banking and from the insurance industry in Sweden where he has sat on a number of subsidiary boards. Board committee memberships Board Remuneration Committee Board IT Strategy Committee • Maureen Laurie. Senior Independent Non-Executive Director. Chair of the Board Remuneration Committee ' Maureen Laurie's background is in international financial services. news and the public sector. having held senior HR roles for Reuters. the European Bank for Reconstruction and Development. Standard Chartered Bank pie. Barclays International and Private Banking. London International Financial Futures and Options Exchange (LIFFE). Euronext NV/NYSE Inc. and the British Council. She has also served as a non-executive trustee director and Independent governor for London Metropolitan University: independent non-executive director and remuneration committee chair for the Cooperative Bank pie. and as an elected trustee director for Reuters Pension Fund Limited/Refinitiv. Board committee memberships Board Remuneration Committee (Chair) Board Nomination Committee Board IT Strategy Committee John Ellacott. Independent Non-Executive Director. Chair of the Board Audit Committee John Ellacott worked at KPMG for 33 years. including 21 years as a Partner. before retiring in September 2017. At KPMG. John was primarily an auditor. but also provided advisory services covering strategy. regulatory transactions and listings both in the UK and internationally. John specialised in the financial sector and has worked with many of the UK's leading banks and building societies. -,i Board committee memberships Board Audit Committee (Chair) Board Risk and Compliance Committee Board Remuneration Committee Agneta LiUa. Non-Executive Director. Chair of the Board Nomination Committee , Agneta LiUastarted her career in Svenska Handelsbanken AB (publ.) in 1981 and during her time in the bank has held senior positions as Head of Handelsbanken International as well as an area manager in the Bank's Stockholm region. Between 2010 and 2019 she was a member of Handelsbanken AB (publ.) senior management. as Head of Central Infrastructure. Chief Information Officer and executive director. Agneta retired from Handelsbanken AB (publ.) in March 2019 and from 1 April became an appointed non-executive director of Handelsbanken pie. Board committee memberships Board Nomination Committee (Chair) Board IT Strateqy Committee (Chair) Board Risk and Compliance Committee

Highlight [page 26]: Mikael S0rensen, Chief Executive Officer Mikael Smensen was appointed CEO of Handelsbanken UK in September 2016,joining from the Netherlands where he was CEO from 2007. Prior to that. Mikael was general manager of Handelsbanken Poland, and regional area manager in Handelsbanken Denmark. Mikael started his Handelsbanken career as an account manager in Denmark at the Copenhagen City branch in 1994, and was appointed branch manager in 1997. Between 2018 and 2020 Mikael was a practitioner member of the board of the UK Banking Standards Board - a body established to promote high standards of behaviour and competence across UK banks. He also serves as a council member of the Swedish Chamber of Commerce in the UK. Board committee None memberships Jorgen Olander, Chief Financial Officer Jorgen Olander joined Svenska Handelsbanken AB (publ.) in 1995 from KPMG where he trained as an accountant. Jorgen started working in the Bank's Internal Audit operations before moving to Finance where he held a number of specialist roles. Between 2007 and 2021 Jbrgen moved on to hold senior management positions in the Group Finance and Human Resources departments and joined Handelsbanken pie in September 2021 as Deputy Chief Financial Officer, where he was appointed Chief Financial Officer 1 December 2021. Jorgen has been a member of the Board at the Group's subsidiary Stadshypotek AB. Board committee None memberships Margaret Willis, Independent Non-Executive Director Margaret has over 40 years' experience in financial services, having held a number of senior roles. Until recently she was CEO of Unity Trust Bank and prior to that she undertook roles within HSBC in the UK, US and Canada. She was a member of HSBC European executive and risk management committee and diversity council. Her board experience included HSBC Securities and Global Asset Management. Canada. She returned to the UK in 2012 to lead HSBC Wealth Management Europe. Board committee memberships Board Remuneration Committee Board Risk and Compliance Committee Board Audit Committee -Alja Taaveniku, Non-Executive Director ' ~: . ··;~ .. • -1 : Arja has extensive experience of Handelsbanken, -as she is an independent non-executive director of the Bank's shareholder Svenska Handelsbanken AB (pub!). She spent over 30 years in leadership positions with a number of international retail organisations including serving at the IKEA group between 1989 and 2012. She was also the CEO of the lkano Group which operates within Banking, Insurance, Property and Retail 2012-2015, and as the CEO of a subsidiary and a member of the Kingfisher Pie executive team between 2015 and 2018. Arja is currently also a non-executive director at the FTSE 250 Dunelm Pie and is chairman of the board at Polarn 0. Pyret AB and Svenska Hondel3fEl3tigheterAl3. Lt,i Board committee memberships Board Risk and Compliance Committee Board IT StrateQy Committee Patricia Jackson. Independent Non-Executive Director Patricia has 30 years' experience in senior leadership roles supporting banks and other institutions in the development of their risk practices, capability and processes, both as a consultant and a non-executive director. Between 1994 and 2004 Patricia was the Head of the Financial Industry and Regulation Division of the Bank of England and in 2004 she became partner and Head of the Banking Risk Practice Division at Ernst and Young where she moved to a role of Senior Adviser and EMEIA risk governance lead between 2013 and 2017. Patricia started her career as non-executive director in 2008 and was a member of the Lloyd's of London Franchise bo-.ird from 201 7 until 2020 where she chaired the risk committoo. She currently holds non e)(ecutive director po::;ition::; as chair of the risk committees in BGL (Group Board) and as chair of the board of SMBC Nikko Capital Markets Ltd. Board committee memberships Board Risk and Compliance Committee, Chair Board Audit Committee Board Nomination Committee

Highlight [page 27]: Balance and diversity The Bank operates on the basis that diversity and inclusion in its workforce is fundamental in order to refiect the societies within which it operates. In practice. this requires working towards being a truly diverse bank. in every sense. Diversity and inclusion is supported through recruitment procedures as well as career development initiatives. The gender diversity of the Board reflects the Bank's continuous focus on and commitment to gender equality. The Board members bring a broad base of corporate and professional experience. which is seen as the best way to support the achievement of our corporate goal. The independent non-executive directors have experience in relevant areas of financial services and banking. with a strong focus in financial management. regulatory affairs. credit. risk. compliance. human resources and conduct. The Nomination Committee is responsible for reviewing the composition and balance of skills of the Board. to ensure they remain appropriate and diverse. The Nomination Committee will also oversee the comprehensive and tailored induction programme offered in the event of a new director joining the Board. Effectiveness The Board exercises supervision over and evaluates the CEO on an annual basis. through a process led by the Chairman. In addition. the Chairman of the Board carries out an annual evaluation of its work and whilst not obliged to comply with the UK Corporate Governance Code ('the Code'), an external independent Board effectiveness review is carried out every three years in line with the Code. As a separately regulated entity. the Board demonstrates independent judgement from the shareholder. Matters reserved for the Board and escalation processes are in place to provide objectivity. Upon appointment. directors take part in an induction programme to provide information on the business needs. stakeholder interests. activities. strategy. corporate culture. governance framework. risk management and internal controls. risk tolerance. and its compliance obligations. To maintain this. the training needs of the Board are continuously surveyed to assess the needs for further training and education from which an annual training plan is developed. During 2021 training has incorporated amongst other things deep dive sessions in respect of change management. work at our branches. sustainability. credit retail exposure. whistleblowing. resolvability. IRB and operational resilience. PRINCIPLE 3- DIRECTOR RESPONSIBILITIES "The board and individual directors should have a clear understanding of their accountability and responsibilities. The board's policies and procedures should support effective decision-making and independent challenge"- The Wates Principles Accountability Handelsbanken pie works with clear governance processes and direction throughout its corporate structure. The Group CEO establishes steering guidelines for the pie with the purpose of aligning the pie's model, culture, strategy, policies and guidelines with those of the Parent. The steering guidelines contain a requirement to notify Group of material issues arising and reserves certain matters for shareholder approval. for example. material transactions. credit approvals in excess of delegated limits. approach to remuneration and board composition. The Steering guidelines are supported by agreements between Group and the Bank in relation to. for example, balance sheet netting. capital and liquidity. Similarly to its Parent. the Bank issues steering guidelines to its·subsidiary Handelsbanken Wealth & Asset Management. providing high level guidance to its Board of directors. setting out certain matters reserved for the pie. The steering guidelines for Handelsbanken Wealth & Asset Management are formally established by the UK CEO. There is a clear division of responsiqilities between the Board and the executive leadership of the Bank. with a separate Chairman and CEO to ensure a balance of power and effective decision-making. The responsibilities of the Chairman and the CEO are clearly prescribed and separated with the day to day running and management of the Bank delegated to the CEO. save for the specific matters reserved for the Board. as set out in the Board Matters. The CEO and the Chief Financial Officer have been delegated authority by the Board to allocate formal decision powers to executive management. Policies are formally documented so that responsibilities are allocated in compliance with prevailing laws and regulations. All policies and corporate governance practices are available to all employees in line with the Bank's culture of transparency and is translated into detailed instructions. supported by training where appropriate. The Senior Managers Regime applies to individuals performing a senior management function (SMF). A SMF is a function that requires the person performing the role to be accountable for managing one or more aspects of the Bank's affairs (so far as relating to regulated activities). The regime means employees in scope are assessed annually to ensure they are fit and proper in their roles. A Senior Managers Regime responsibilities map is approved annually by the Board. having gone through review and challenge by the Executive Committee and the Board Risk and Compliance Committee. Directors are under a statutory duty to exercise independent judgement This includes avoiding confiicts of interest or other circumstances likely to compromise their judgement. In the Bank. all employees, including the directors of the Board, must adhere to the Bank's Conflicts of interest policy and disclose any potential confiicts of interest. The Board discloses potential confiicts of interests at every Board or Board committee meeting. with a complete conflict of interest register for directors formally noted by the Board once a year. The directors' conflicts of interest register is managed by the Company Secretary and where there are potential confiicts. these are mitigated or managed appropriately. Committees The Board is supported by its committees. to which it delegates power to make decisions and recommendations within their areas of expertise. The Chair of each committee reports the outcome of committee meetings to the Board. ensuring that necessary oversight is maintained. The Board and its committees are governed by matters reserved for the Board and Terms of Reference respectively. The composition and Terms of Reference of the Board and each Board committee are reviewed annually to ensure that each committee is operating effectively. Independent non-executive directors are represented on all Board committees. to allow for independent challenge. Management committees are established by the CEO and report to the Executive Committee whose purpose is to be an advisory body to the CEO in order for the CEO to make informed decisions. The CEO reports formally to the Board. at each Board meeting. on any material matters raised and decisions taken by the CEO since the previous Board meeting. Terms of Reference are issued for the Management committees. and

Highlight [page 28]: other governance bodies as appropriate, and these specify the responsibilities, membership, roles, responsibilities and reporting lines of the respective body. The below illustrates the committee structure as at 31 December 2021: Integrity of information The Board receives regular, timely and accurate information on the business including financial data. risks, compliance and strategy. Financial information is collated by the Finance function whose team members are appropriately qualified to verify the integrity of such information. The financial statements are externally audited by Ernst & Young LLP annually, and financial controls are reviewed by the Internal Audit function. The departments that make up the second line of defence (e.g. Compliance and Risk) play an important role in reviewing non-financial data. Processes for collecting financial data, as well as the reporting of that data, are reviewed on a risk-based approach by the Internal Audit function with aggregate results reported to the Board Audit Committee. All submissions for consideration at Board and Board committee meetings are reviewed by the Governance function for consistency and appropriateness. Where appropriate this is challenged with the business area, second line or the functions that oversee or specialise in risk management and compliance. The Chairman of the Board maintains an ongoing and transparent dialogue with the shareholder about all significant matters. A Board committee. called the UK Shareholder Committee is established at Group. The aim is to have five meetings a year, four of which follow the Group financial results timetable. Although it does not possess any decision making capability, it was established to provide additional time, focus and support on matters of importance to the Group and the Bank. PRINCIPLE'4 - OPPORTUNITY AND RISK - "A board should promote the long-term sustainable success of the company by identifying opportunities to create and preserve value, and establishing oversight for the identification and mitigation of risk."- The Wates Principles Opportunity The Executive Committee reviews and agrees the annual business plan for submission to the Board which includes opportunities to create and preserve value over the long term and progress is monitored throughout the year. The Executive Committee continuously works to ensure the business meets its objectives and strategy, having regard to the interests of the shareholder and customers, employees and other stakeholders. The CEO presents any identified long-term strategic opportunities to the Board for approval. The culture fostered by the Board, Board committees and Management committees allows for regular dialogue on innovation and opportunity and the flat structure of the organisation enables timely decisions to be made by the appropriate body. Risk and responsibilities Handelsbanken pie's key risks are outlined in the risk and capital management report starting on page 48. The Board has the ultimate responsibility for ensuring the effective management of risk. It also has overall responsibility for setting the strategy and corporate objectives, and in doing so the level and type of risks that they are prepared to allow the business to take in pursuit of the corporate goals. The Board and Board committees oversee the establishment of the risk policies, to support the governance of risk management and control i11 LI1e Ba11k. The Board Risk and Compliance Committee is responsible for maintaining oversight of all key risk categories relevant to the business. In doing so, it assists the Board in fulfilling its own risk oversight responsibilities. as well as monitoring risk control and risk management and the process for monitoring compliance with laws and regulations. There are a number of Mana5:iementcommittees, includinq the Manaqement Risk and Compliance Committee which oversee, review. assess and challenge risks and controls and, where appropriate in line with its Terms of Reference, make recommendations and report to the Board Risk and Compliance Committee.

Highlight [page 29]: Handelsbanken pie's risk tolerance statements. which articulate the level and type of risks the business is prepared to take. are documented and communicated across the organisation; they are also reviewed and approved by the Bo_ardon an annual basis. The Board risk tolerance metrics feed into the Bank's approach to risk management which is outlined in the Risk Management Framework. owned by the Chief Risk Officer. Risk tolerance statements and metrics are reflected in a range of documents including the Board-approved risk policies. and are translated into a series of risk frameworks. In turn, the Bank's operating standards and procedures are translated into instructions which allow implementation of risk policies through the risk management activities which are performed across the organisation as a whole. As part of the risk management framework, there is a stress testing framework which outlines the Bank's approach to stress testing. PRINCIPLE 5 - REMUNERATION "A board should promote executive remuneration structures aligned to the long-term sustainable success of a company, taking into account pay and conditions elsewhere in the company." - The Wates Principles Handelsbanken pie's principles for remuneration to employees are long established. In general, the Bank has low tolerance of risk and is of the opinion that fixed remuneration contributes to healthy operations; this is, therefore. the main principle. Remuneration is set locally, at business level, as part of the Bank's devolved leadership model, and is based on competence, skills, nature and difficulty of job, performance. leadership, market conditions and culture. Although our all-employee profit sharing scheme Oktogonen has recently been reclassified by the Handelsbanken Group as variable remuneration, the Bank's employees do not receive any individualised financial remuneration beyond their fixed salary, only an equal Oktogonen allocation in a successful year for the Bank. Oktogonen allows our employees to share in Handelsbanken Group's profits when prescribed targets are achieved and subject to the Board's overall assessment regarding the Bank's performance. on an annual basis. Any Oktogonen allocation is agreed by the Handelsbanken Group Board and ratified by the Handelsbanken pie Board. and takes into account overall performance, which is risk adjusted and based on a perspective over several years. taking into account the underlying business cycle and any business risks and impact on long term sustainable profits. The Bank's Remuneration Committee also decides if any individual adjustments should be made to allocations in terms of malus and/ or clawback to relevant employees and / or leavers. Variable remuneration linked to an individual's activities or performance is used as appropriate in the subsidiary. Handelsbanken Wealth & Asset Management. for an increasingly limited number of non-customer facing employees and must be designed in such a way that it does not encourage unsound risk-taking on the part of the employee. The Remuneration policy outlines Handelsbanken pie's approach towards remuneration and is approved by the Board. The objective of the policy is to attract, retain and motivate high quality employees, thus contributing to the achievement of the Bank's corporate goal and culture. The policy applies to all departments, units and branches and all employees. including directors and non-executive directors. Remuneration at the Bank is compliant with all relevant regulations and rules including the PRA remuneration rules and the FCA dual-regulated firm Remuneration Code. The views of the shareholder and alignment with shareholder policies (where deemed appropriate) are taken into account and. as necessary and where appropriate. reporting is escalated to the shareholder. The Remuneration policy is reviewed by the Chief Human Resources Officer taking account of feedback from all relevant stakeholders. evaluating whether the remuneration system is fit for purpose and supports the corporate goal. An independent review is also undertaken annually by Compliance. The Executive Committee is responsible for developing and implementing an appropriate remuneration system. with overall governance and oversight by the Remuneration Committee. The Board Remuneration Committee makes recommendations on the remuneration and other terms of employment for the executive directors and senior management. It also monitors the level of remuneration for senior management. taking into account prevailing market terms. and that it is compliant with the Bank's culture and risk tolerance and otherwise in accordance with legal and regulatory requirements. An evaluation is conducted on whether the remuneration system promotes sound and efficient risk management. whether it counteracts excessive risk taking, and is in keeping with the Bank's risk tolerances. The Committee also reviews the ongoing appropriateness and relevance of the Remuneration policy. The Bank is committed to gender equal pay and reports relevant data to the Board Remuneration Committee as part of its ongoing annual reporting requirements. The gender pay statement is available on the Bank's website. For true independence and to avoid conflicts of interest. the remuneration for the heads and deputy heads of control functions are decided by the Board, following recommendations by the Board Remuneration Committee. The Shareholder is ultimately responsible for approving the remuneration of all non-executive directors. including the Chairman, within the limits set in the Bank's Articles of Association. For transparency. employees are informed of the criteria that affects their remuneration and how their performance is assessed. The Bank produces a remuneration disclosure statement which is published on the Bank's website. The statement provides detail on the Remuneration policy, as well as governance and responsibility in the area of remuneration. Annually the Bank sets guidance on the overall level of salary increase taking into account factors such as business performance. affordability. and external market trends. This guidance applies to executive director remuneration as well as that of the wider workforce. The Directors' Remuneration disclosure can be found in note 8. PRINCIPLE 6-STAKEHOLDER RELATIONSHIPS AND ENGAGEMENT "Directors should foster effective stakeholder relationships aligned to the company's purpose. The board is responsible for overseeing meaningful engagement with stakeholders, including the workforce, and having regard to their views when taking decisions." - The Wates Principles ,Playing an active. responsible role in our communities and maintaining the trust of our various stakeholders is a Handelsbanken Group value. The needs of different stakeholders are considered when making decisions. and with our reliance on word-of-mouth recommendation rather than brand or product marketing, the outcome of any decisions on our business conduct and reputation remain central to our thinking. The Handelsbanken Group is a recognised leader in several areas relevant to our stakeholder groups. including empowering employees. creating customer loyalty. and running a stable bank that contributes to both local and national economies through the cycle. The Board recognises its central role in ensuring that well informed decisions are made. taking thorough account of the interests of our various stakeholders, as detailed in the following section on the Bank's stakeholder engagement.