
Highlight [page 10]: Governance Statement 1. Overview The parent company, Harrods Group (Holding) Limited , is subject to reporting requirements under the Companies (Miscellaneous Reporting) Regulations 2018 (MRR). These include a requirement to make a statement stating which corporate governance code Harrods applies for its governance arrangements (and how the code is applied, including explanations for any departure from application), and ifno code is applied, why and what governance arrangements are in place. Harrods has chosen to apply the Wates Corporate Governance Principles for Large Private Companies 2018 (Wates Principles), which comprise six key principles. This statement provides an account of how Harrods applies the Wates Principles in its corporate governance arrangements. In addition, the parent company launched a new bespoke governance framework (Harrods Governance Framework) which was formally implemented in January 2020 and has since been reviewed in April 2021. The Harrods Framework applies to Harrods Group (Holding) Limited and its subsidiaries (together the Group). Prior to formally creating and adopting the Harrods Framework, the Group had a simpler governance arrangement in place which primarily focused on the key decision-making authorities for the Group. Harrods delegates authority to Harrods Group (Holding) Limited's statutory board of directors (Group Board) for the day-to-day operation of the business as the parent company of the Group and accordingly this statement explains how the Wates Principles are applied by the Group Board. 2. The Wates Principles 2.1.Purpose and Leadership An effective board develops and promotes the purpose of a company, and ensures that its values, strategy and culture align with that purpose. Harrods operates its world-renowned store in Knightsbridge, London. Since the store first opened its doors in 1849, Harrods has always prided itself on a reputation for service excellence and for offering the finest quality merchandise. Harrods' purpose is to deliver exceptional sales through exceptional experience and exceptional service. Harrods is focused on offering world-class assistance on an incredibly diverse range of products, in a way that drives shareholder and stakeholder value and ensures the happiness and success of its employees. Harrods has five core values which underpin its behaviours and ways of working: We are Human, We Strive to Exceed, We Build Trust, We Take Pride and We are One. These values are used to illustrate how the business wants its relationships to be with its employees, with customers, with suppliers and other stakeholders and are closely aligned to Harrods' purpose and strategy. The primary function of the Group Board is to develop the Group's strategy and oversee its implementation in order to promote the long-term success of the business for the benefit of its stakeholders and deliver sustainable shareholder value. The Harrods Framework has been developed to formalise the role of the Group Board and how it interacts with the rest of the business and its ultimate shareholder, the Qatar Investment Authority (Shareholder). The relationship between the Shareholder and the Group is designed to create alignment and to support the development of the business for the benefit of the shareholders and stakeholders to deliver long-term continuity and success. The Harrods Framework provides the business with direction, objectives, structure and processes that ultimately create stakeholder and Shareholder value through a complementary balance of control and flexibility.

Highlight [page 11]: Effective board composition requires an effective chair and a balance of skills, backgrounds, experience and knowledge, with individual directors having sufficient capacity to make a valuable contribution. The size of a board should be guided by the scale and complexity of the company. The Group Board is currently comprised of three representatives of the Shareholder and the Managing Director ofHarrods (all of whom also sit on the Harrods board) and a non-executive director. An expansion of the Group Board is currently under consideration and potentially this will include new non-executive directors. The Managing Director together with other representatives of the Group's senior management and the Shareholder are also members of the Management Executive Committee, which is responsible for the day-to-day operation of the business. Members of the Group Board also make up membership of the Group Board's other committees: the Audit Committee, the Governance, Risk and Compliance Committee and the HR (Nominations and Remuneration) Committee. Members of the Group's senior management are invited to attend these committee meetings when required. All these committees report directly into the Group Board. Whilst the Group Board is currently comprised of five members, in practice other individuals in the Group's senior management team attend board meetings to provide input and debate on relevant issues (albeit they do not have voting rights). The CEO of the Shareholder is one of the shareholder representatives on the Group Board and acts as the Chairman. He leads the Group Board and is responsible for ensuring its effectiveness and facilitating constructive discussion. The roles of Chairman and Managing Director are undertaken by different individuals which ensures a balance of power and effective decision-making. The division of responsibilities between these roles is set out in the Harrods Governance Framework. The Group Board is comprised of members with a balance of skills and experience, including one non-executive director who offers independent expertise and challenge. The non-executive director's primary focus is on corporate responsibility. All members of the Group Board are given appropriate information to ensure meaningful discussions and decision-making. The Group Board holds a minimum of four board meetings a year which provide an open and collaborative forum. 2.3 Director Responsibilities The Board and individual directors should have a clear understanding of their accountability and responsibilities. The Board's policies and procedures should support effective decision-making and independent challenge. The Harrods Framework includes the statutory duties set out in the Companies Act 2006 and, in accordance with these duties, all directors are required to act in good faith to promote the success of the business for the benefit of its stakeholders and its shareholders. The Group Board has access to a broad range of information sources, including financial reporting and consumer data, and professional advisers_are appointed as required to advise on specific matters. Non-Group Board members (including professional advisers) are regularly invited to attend and address the Group Board in relation to their specific areas of expertise. The Group Company Secretary is responsible for ensuring that board papers and supporting information are accurate and comprehensive and provided in a timely manner before meetings.

Highlight [page 12]: 2.4 Opportunity and Risk A board should promote the long-term sustainable success of the company by identifying opportunities to create and preserve value and establishing oversight for the identification and mitigation of risks. The Group Board has overall oversight of the Group ensuring a sustainable business through consistent, profitable growth and driving a culture of continuous improvement in standards and performance. It is responsible for agreeing the overall Group strategy and corporate vision in a way that maximises value creation and manages risks. The Group Board is responsible for considering and assessing how the business creates value over the long-term and for identifying strategic opportunities and initiatives for the Group. All material opportunities and new strategies are considered and approved by the Group Board. The Harrods Framework sets out the types of matters which are reserved for Group Board approval and contains processes for ensuring that the Management Executive Committee escalates material matters to the Group Board. The Group has robust procedures to identify, monitor and manage risk to ensure the long-term success of the Group. The Group ensures that the value of Shareholder investment is enhanced by maintaining sound risk management and internal control systems. The Group Board also provides guidance regarding the nature and extent of the risks the business is willing to take in achieving its strategic objectives and safeguarding Group assets. The Group Board has delegated responsibility to the Governance, Risk and Compliance Committee for reviewing and advising on the current risk exposures of the Group and future risk strategy. The Governance, Risk and Compliance Committee periodically carries out assessments of the Group's risk management systems and controls for review by the Group Board. The Group's Internal Audit team meets regularly with the Group's internal stakeholders to facilitate the identification, review and mitigation of business risks within each directorate, which are then collated and reported to the Governance, Risk and Compliance Committee. At its six-monthly meetings, the Governance, Risk and Compliance Committee considers these risk reports and carries out assessments of the Group's risk management systems and controls. The Committee confirms the significant Enterprise Risks facing the business at that point in time and reports them upwards for review by the Group Board. For any crisis situation which arises and which requires an immediate emergency response, the Group has a Crisis Management Policy through which a Crisis Management Team (comprising the appropriate senior management, as dictated by the nature of the crisis) would be convened immediately in order to take the necessary steps to safeguard the business and its stakeholders. 2.5 ~emuneration A board should promote executive remuneration structures aligned to the long-term sustainable success ofa company, taking into account pay and conditions elsewhere in the company. The Group Board has delegated responsibility to the HR Committee for determining remuneration policies and procedures. The HR Committee is responsible for establishing and reviewing the remuneration policy and approach. It ensures that changes in remuneration are fair and consistent, performance-based where appropriate and take into account external benchmarking. Remuneration for directors and senior management is proposed by the HR Committee, taking into account the performance and achievement of the Group's strategy, and is subject to final approval by the Management Executive Committee, Group Board and Shareholder as appropriate.

Highlight [page 13]: 2.6 Stakeholder Relationships and Engagement Directors should foster effective stakeholder relationships aligned to the company's purpose. The board is responsible for overseeing meaningful engagement with stakeholders, including the workforce, and having regard to their views when taking decisions. The Group is committed to fostering and maintaining strong relationships with stakeholders, including the Shareholder, its employees, customers, suppliers and community. Harrods' aforementioned five core values underpin its desired behaviours and ways of working and are closely aligned to the achievement ofHarrods' strategic priorities and are used as key principles by the business to enable strong stakeholder relationships, to engage and connect with Harrods' employees, provide the benchmark for Harrods leaders and to set the tone for the desired workplace environment. Harrods has robust company policies and practices which align with these values and are regularly monitored and reviewed. These company policies include clear procedures setting out how employees can raise any concerns. The Group Board is responsible for reviewing and approving any material change in the Group's Health &amp; Safety, Equal Opportunities, Ethics in Business, Disclosing Confidential Information (Whistleblowing), Disciplinary &amp; Grievance, and Media policies. Harrods is committed to meaningful engagement with its workforce and two-way communication through both formal and informal channels. These include: quarterly business-wide forums which provide the workforce with updates on business strategy and performance, weekly news bulletins, employee surveys and an informative employee intranet.; an employee listening forum through which employees meet with senior management to discuss work-related issues; and two employee networks (a LGBTQ+ network and a Mental Health network) each of which is sponsored by a member of senior management. In addition, Harrods operates its annual Harrods Awards for Excellence recognition scheme which celebrates and rewards employees who have contributed to the success of the business and who exemplify the core values. Harrods also has a long service award scheme to reward and demonstrate appreciation for employees for their ongoing loyalty and commitment to Harrods. Harrods' people strategy focuses on three key pillars; workplace culture and employee experience, building management capability, and talent acquisition and retention. The intention is to create an environment where exceptional people want to work and supports Harrods in nurturing a culture where everyone feels valued, productive and supported to reach their potential. Recent initiatives include launching the aforementioned five core values, a relaxation of the dress code and the introduction of more flexible working practices. Harrods' customers are fundamental to its success and Harrods strives to offer the best possible customer service and experience to ensure that customer expectations are met. As part of this, Harrods has a large customer loyalty team which builds and maintains strong relationships with customers through various channels and it also operates a rewards programme for its customers. The Harrods store operates both an 'own bought' model (whereby products are purchased directly from suppliers and sold to customers) and a 'concession' model (whereby a brand operates its own shop-in-shop within the Harrods store). Harrods maintains close working relationships with these stakeholders, to align our respective cultures, for our mutual economic benefit and to ensure the best possible retail offering to Harrods' customers. The Group Board closely monitors Harrods' retail operations and fully appreciates that the success of these stakeholders within Harrods is key to the economic success and reputation of the Group. Harrods also works with many other suppliers of goods and services, including in relation to IT services, construction and utilities. Where practicable, such suppliers will be selected via a tendering process, part of which is designed to find suppliers whose values align with those of the Group. The Group Board generally delegates direct oversight of such suppliers to the Management Executive Committee, save in respect of key large-scale projects. The Group Board has overall responsibility for ensuring that the Group's business is conducted in a responsible, transparent and ethical manner. The Group has a corporate responsibility programme which aims to create a positive and long-lasting impact through its four corporate responsibility pillars of ethical trade, environment, community and legacy.