

Highlight [page 9]: CORPORATE GOVERNANCE STATEMENT AS AT 1 MAY 2022 For the financial period ended 1 May 2022, the group has applied the Wates Corporate Governance Principles for Large Private Companies (published by the Financial Reporting Council ('FRC') in December 2018 and available on the FRC website). These new corporate governance reporting requirements provide an appropriate framework when making a disclosure regarding corporate governance arrangements. The group has therefore set out below how the principles have been applied over the past financial year. Principle 1: Purpose and leadership The group's purpose and values are well established within the culture of A F. Blakemore as defined within 'the Blakemore Way'. The purpose of the group is 'to grow a family business profitably and sustainably for the benefit of our colleagues, customers and communities'. The strategy of the group is aligned to the group purpose, which has evolved over the last year based on market insights, capital requirements and organisational capability. The strategic projects have been classified under . three key pillars, which are namely 'Make the basics great', 'Optimise our assets' and 'Embrace the Future'. 'Make the basics great' includes key infrastructure projects including supply chain efficiency and security, central costs, technology and compliance. 'Optimise our assets' focusses on existing capabilities and how we can drive greater value for our customers and the group, including pricing, promotion optimisation, the use of space and range in convenience retail stores and the development of fresh food ranges and propositions. 'Embrace the future' looks at emerging and future trends in ensuring that the group looks forward with a longer time horizon, embracing innovation and encouraging new thinking in developing new consumer propositions that offer insight and add value to our trade partners. The projects are measured and discussed every month at group board level and require agile working and strong collaboration from the commercial divisions and central functions to deliver impactfully. The directors engage with colleagues and customers on a daily basis at head office and through frequent visits to retail stores and scheduled meetings with trade partners within our business-to-business divisions. Regular team briefings, newsletters, trade shows, guild meetings and conferences ensure that effective dialogue and communication is maintained with our colleagues, suppliers and trade partners. Principle 2: Board composition Harriet Holdings acts as a family office and holding company. The major asset held is the shares in A F. Blakemore and Son Ltd. As such the board is composed of the third and fourth generation family members who are active within the business. Peter Blakemore is the acting Executive Chairman (Third generation family member) with lta McAuley (Third generation family member), Caoire Blakemore (Fourth generation family member) Tomas Blakemore (Fourth generation family member) and Charles Blakemore (Fourth generation family member) acting as directors of the company. The board meets 6 times a year to review every 2 monthly reporting period. The meetings are used to openly discuss business performance, including financial performance, risks and issues, health and safety, strategy, new initiatives, policies and governance of both the holding company and the trading company. Agendas and relevant information packs are circulated before each meeting.

Highlight [page 10]: Principle 3: Director responsibilities In terms of accountability, the Directors take responsibility for business decisions and strategy undertaken within the holding company and review performance in all group companies. • Within A F. Blakemore and Son Limited, the Joint Group Managing Directors take responsibility for business decisions and company performance which provides for effective decision making. Our Executive Chairman provides challenge to the Joint Group Managing Directors and oversees their roles and responsibilities, as well as representing the interests of the shareholders. Post year end, Geoff Hallam retired from his position as an AF.Blakemore and Son Limited group board director on 20 May 2022. Jerry Marwood has been appointed to the role of Chief Executive Officer (CEO) from the aforementioned date, in assuming all accountabilities for the AF.Blakemore and Son Limited groups' operations. Principle 4: Opportunity and risk The group board has significant years of experience within the food retail and distribution sectors to develop opportunities whilst managing risk. The business operation is constantly under review by the board, with weekly meetings and key reporting measures in place. In terms of addressing risk, be it financial, reputational or otherwise, the group has put a number of measures in place to mitigate risk and to manage any issues effectively should they arise. These include legal partners; internal and external PR specialists; the formulation of a Risk Management Steering Group to pro actively manage health & safety related issues; divisional boards every four weeks and weekly departmental meetings to review performance, opportunities and risks. The group has also developed and is continually reviewing Business Continuity Plans (by department and function) to ensure that the business can continue to operate in the event of an unforeseen incident or longer term event such as a health pandemic. The infrastructure of the group, with a network of distribution depots and remote IT servers also support the management of risk. Central support functions are also able to work remotely and are equipped to do so if required, which has been successfully demonstrated throughout the pandemic Principle 5: Remuneration There are remuneration structures in place for group board directors which provide annual rewards based on the group's overall performance. There are also incentive plans in place for the management team based on overall and division/ function performance and personal key performance indicators to reward improved business results aligned to the group's strategy. The group is committed to equal opportunities and has developed a Responsible Business department to progress our strategy and performance in this area in meeting our purpose of growing the business profitably and sustainably. Principle 6: Stakeholder relationship and engagement The directors recognise the importance of fostering effective stakeholder relationships which are aligned to the group's purpose and strategic direction. The group's aim is to provide great food solutions to the communities we serve through our managed estate of convenience SPAR stores in Blakemore Retail, and through our supply of goods and innovative solutions to our trade partners across our retail, wholesale, food service and fresh food divisions. The group believes in effective communications in meeting its purpose of growing a family business in ways that are profitable and sustainable for the benefit of our colleagues, customers and the community. The group regularly engages across a range of stakeholders to understand their requirements, and those discussions help to shape the group's key decisions and strategies during the financial year.

Highlight [page 11]: Principle 6: Stakeholder relationship and engagement (continued) Stakeholders include shareholders, colleagues, pensioners, trade partners, suppliers, finance providers, trade union and charity partners. The way in which we engage varies widely and is tailored to meet the requirements of the stakeholders. Some examples include holding annual trade partner conferences, to quarterly guild forums to discuss new initiatives and receive feedback from our independent retailers, through to formal meetings and information sharing with our shareholders and funders. Maintaining an engaged and committed workforce is critical to the success of our business. To achieve this, the group has invested significantly in developing our culture through 'the Blakemore Way' (our purpose and values), our responsible business programme and leadership development programme, • Leading the Blakemore Way'. We partner with a workforce engagement specialist to measure colleague engagement and identify opportunities for continuous improvement through annual and bespoke colleague surveys. The People section, within our group strategic report on page 3, provides an insight into the various levels of engagement that we have with our A. F. Blakemore colleagues. Group Labour Stability decreased on the previous year from 75% in 2021 to 71% in 2022, reflecting in part the labour shortage as a consequence of Brexit and the pandemic. There was a significant investment in learning and development with 758 colleagues either having attended a course or completed an accredited qualification during the last year. 32,949 period training modules were also recorded by Blakemore Retail team members over the year, with a total of 1,759 new starter inductions within the division too. The group continues to invest in e-learning software and capability to drive innovation, efficiencies and the ability to deliver effective learning to over 7,300 colleagues across nearly 300 work locations. The A. F. Blakemore Community Programme is an integral part of the company's values and responsible business programme, with 925 colleagues volunteering or fundraising in the community in the year, contributing 5,168 volunteering or fund raising hours. During the year the Blakemore Foundation (charity number 1015938) made a total of 5,543 donations to local good causes totalling £356,855. The company also raised £331,774 for the NSPCC throughout the year through a series of in-store fundraising events within Blakemore Retail, including a Charity Ball which raised £39,902 on the night attended by colleagues, suppliers and trade partners, along with representatives from the Charity.