
Highlight [page 9]: Governance statement The Company adopted the Wates Principles ('Wates') as its governance code at the beginning of 2019. The Company has a unitary board of directors, in common with UK best practice. As at 31 December 2021, the Board had one Executive Director and two independent Non-Executive Directors, following the resignation of the Chair with effect from 31 December 2021. A third independent Non-Executive Director was appointed on 17 January 2022 and the Company continues to have three independent Non-Executive Directors. The Board is chaired by an independent Non-Executive Director. The Board's Terms of Reference provide that the Board should comprise, as a minimum four Directors, at least of two of whom must be independent Non-Executive Directors. Should the number of Directors from time to time, exceed four, the Board must ensure that there shall at least be an equal number of Non-Executive Directors and Executive Directors. The Board has delegated certain matters to two Committees, each with their own Board approved Terms of Reference: • Risk and Compliance Committee; • Conduct Committee.

Highlight [page 10]: The Risk and Compliance Committee advises the Board on risk management issues, recommends the framework of risk limits and risk appetite to the Board for approval, and oversees the risk management arrangements of the Company, including the embedding and maintenance of a supportive risk management culture. The Committee also monitors and promotes compliance by the Company with all of its regulatory obligations and provides assurance that these are being effectively complied with. The Conduct Committee provides assurance to the Board that the fair treatment of customers remains at the heart of the Company's business model and monitors all aspects of the Company's operational performance that reflect whether the Company pays due regard to the interests of its customers, and is effectively mitigating conduct risk. Both of these Committees are chaired by an independent Non-Executive Director and members and attendees comprise other Directors and members of senior management within the Company. The Committees meet on a regular basis throughout the year and formally report to the Board on all significant matters after each meeting. The Board meets at least six times each year. All Board and Committee meetings are minuted. The Board has elected not to constitute an Audit Committee, with matters typically delegated to such a committee being considered directly by the Board. The Board has applied Wates as follows: Purpose: The Board should effectively promote the company's purpose and ensure that its values, strategy and culture align with that purpose: • The Board and its Committees are subject to an annual formal evaluation; • The Company has a clearly defined purpose and strategy and its performance is routinely monitored by the Board and its Committees; • The Board actively promotes the Company's 4Cs cultural framework. Composition: The Board should have an effective board composition with an effective chair and a balance of skills, backgrounds, experience, and knowledge. The size of a board should be guided by the scale and complexity of the company: • The Board is normally composed of three Non-Executive and one Executive Director with a non-executive chair; • The Board as a whole has the relevant knowledge and experience of the industry and market within which the Company operates as well as diverse experience of other industries and markets; • The Board is diverse in terms of gender. Responsibilities: The Board and directors should have a clear understanding of their accountability and the respective terms of reference for the Board and its Committees. Policies and procedures should support effective decision-making and independent challenge: • The Board and its Committees have written terms of reference with delegated authorities which are reviewed annually; • No one director has, or group of directors have, unfettered powers; • Conflicts of interest are reviewed at each Board meeting; • Systems of internal controls are regularly reviewed and challenged; • Internal Audit and Compliance functions are in place to review and report on Company processes and regulatory and legislative compliance. Opportunity and Risk: The Board should promote the long-term sustainable success of the company by identifying opportunities to create and preserve value and establish oversight for the identification and mitigation of risk: • The Board reviews the Company's performance to agreed strategies and financial forecasts; • The Risk and Compliance Committee oversees the Company's risks and risk management framework, and the Conduct Committee oversees conduct risk; • Internal Audit and Compliance functions are in place to review and report on Company processes and regulatory and legislative compliance. Remuneration: The Board should promote executive remuneration structures aligned to sustainable long-term success of a company, taking into account pay and conditions elsewhere in the company: • Board oversees remuneration and incentive structures for all colleagues; • Executive remuneration is monitored in liaison with the parent entity's Remuneration Committee; • Remuneration is tied to market/industry benchmarking and bonuses are calculated based on performance within the 4Cs framework.

Highlight [page 11]: Stakeholders: The Directors should foster effective stakeholder relationships aligned to the company's purpose. The Board is responsible for overseeing meaningful engagement with stakeholders, including the workforce, and having regard to their views when taking decisions: • The Board receives biannual updates on colleague engagement surveys; • The Company's performance and service to its customers are regularly reviewed and challenged by the Board and the Conduct Committee; • Supplier performance is monitored by the Conduct Committee; • Compliance with regulatory and legislative requirements is reviewed by the Risk and Compliance Committee. Environment, Social and Governance ('ESG') The Company's approach to ESG is based on its 4Cs ways of working: Colleagues, Customers, Company and Community. The 4Cs principles are straightforward: by creating the right culture for colleagues, and giving them the right tools to do their job, they will do more for customers, enabling the Company to grow profitably and sustainably, and allowing it to invest in the communities it serves. Ethical conduct and strong governance is integral to meeting the needs of colleagues and customers and running a successful business, and a broader focus on the environmental and social impacts of the Company's activities underpins that philosophy. The Company continues to make progress against its ESG strategy and sustainability goals, including CarbonNeutral® certification for the second year running, working on reducing the impact on the environment and having a positive societal impact. More information can be found in the Hastings Group Sustainability Report for 2021 at www.hastingsgroup.uk. Carbon reporting Greenhouse Gas Emissions {'GHG') 2021 2020 Scope 1 190 175 Scope 2 28 500 Scope 3 (Mandatory only) 13 5 Total Footprint 232 680 Full time equivalent colleagues 2,969 2,989 CO2e per FTE colleague 0.08 0.23 Scope 1 - Direct emissions resulting from natural gas & gasoil consumption and refrigerant gas release Scope 2 -electricity Energy indirect emissions from purchased grid Scope 3 - Business travels via rental or colleague owned cars The Company has followed the methodology laid out in DEFRA's Environmental Reporting Guidelines and calculated the carbon emissions using the relevant carbon conversion factors as issued by DEFRA: www.gov.uk/government/collectiom;/govcrnmcnt convcrnion-factors-for-company-reporting. Emissions have been reported in tonnes of CO2e (carbon dioxide equivalent) which include CO2, CH4 and N2O. The emissions have been calculated and the data validated by an independent energy consultancy - Concept Energy Solutions.

Highlight [page 12]: It is now mandatory for emissions for business travels via rental or colleague owned cars, (a scope 3 emission known as 'grey fleet') to be included in company emissions reporting. As such the Company's 2021 figures includes this data and 2020 comparatives have been shown. The annual level of greenhouse gas emissions resulting from activities for which the Company is responsible has continued to decrease; 2021 emissions (including mandatory scope 3 emissions) were 232 tonnes of CO2e (2020: 680 tonnes of CO2e) a reduction of 66% on the previous year. This equates to 0.08 tonnes of CO2e per full time employee ('FTE') of the Company in 2021 (2020: 0.23 tonnes of CO2e per FTE). Scope 2 energy emissions were significantly reduced in 2021 following a switch to a renewable energy contract for the Company's Bexhill and Leicester sites resulting in a 94% emissions reduction. The emissions of the additional scope 3 elements reported account for 6% of the total emissions in 2021. Grey fleet emissions increased by 9 tonnes of CO2e in 2021 compared to 2020 due to travel restrictions being lifted. The reporting period is in line with the Company's financial year

Highlight [page 12]: Colleague Engagement The Company's annual engagement survey, YourVoice, provides senior management and the Board with feedback on how colleagues feel about working for the Company. The results of annual and pulse surveys carried out throughout the year are presented to the Board. Key themes raised by colleagues are captured through company-wide and local action plans that drive improvements where necessary; progress is measured and monitored through the year. The Hastings Colleague Forum ('HCF') is made up of, and chaired by, colleague-elected representatives from across the business who meet regularly, at least monthly, to discuss and consider issues impacting all colleagues. The HCF also regularly meets with senior management to discuss key changes, and to provide invaluable feedback and insight from their respective departments. HCF meetings are well attended, including by the CEO and HR Director, with constructive discussion on topics important to Colleagues. The Company promotes a safe, diverse and inclusive environment, free from bullying, harassment and discrimination, within which all colleagues should be treated fairly and with respect. The Company is committed to eradicating all types of discrimination, whether based on disability, religious beliefs, gender, sexual orientation, age, race, or other factors and has a 'Dignity at Work' policy which clearly outlines our intent in this regard. It is hoped that no colleague will need to raise a grievance against the Company and/or one of its colleagues. If a colleague wishes to raise a grievance, this is resolved informally and as quickly as is possible. Where it is not possible to resolve a grievance informally, a formal procedure is instigated. Disciplinary procedures against colleagues are used as a last resort where a breach of the standards and/or performance expected from colleagues falls significantly short or where fraud or other criminal activity is proven. Treating colleagues fairly and consistently is key to maintaining the correct level of conduct. When a colleague fails to meet the required standards expected of them, other than in case of gross misconduct, they are coached and provided with development and training to improve. Referral to counselling or wellbeing services may also be offered. In the event that standards of conduct and/or performance do not improve over a period of time, then disciplinary measures may be required. Acts of gross misconduct by colleagues, such as a serious breach of the contractual relationship between the colleague and the Company, will be comprehensively investigated and may result in dismissal with or without notice. Colleagues are free to be appropriately accompanied in relation to a grievance or disciplinary matter. In the event that a grievance is not upheld, or a disciplinary matter is not dealt with to the satisfaction of the colleague, they have the right to appeal. In addition should colleagues feel the need for additional support, the Company provides a colleague assistance programme, free of charge, so that colleagues can obtain free and independent external advice. The Company does not formally recognise a trade union, preferring to communicate and engage with colleagues directly either through Hastings Colleague Forum, the YourVoice colleague survey, via email and intranet, or directly with individual colleagues as appropriate. Trade union membership is not, however, prohibited and the Company does not restrict union representation at a grievance or disciplinary meeting should any colleague request such. The Company is an equal opportunities employer. The Company's equal opportunities policy is designed to treat all job applicants and employees equally, based on individual ability regardless of race, religion and belief, gender, age, or disability. This principle applies to recruitment and selection, promotion, transfer, training, discipline and grievance, and all terms and conditions of employment.

Highlight [page 13]: Conduct The Company's Conduct Policy provides guidance on the appropriate and responsible conduct of colleagues and the ethical standards they are required to uphold. The Company strives to maintain the highest standards of governance, personal and corporate ethics, and compliance with legislation and regulation, and values integrity and honesty in dealings with all stakeholders. Regular training is provided to colleagues on conduct matters and it is monitored through regular assessment and half yearly personal development reviews. Business ethics risks are reviewed by management and overseen by the individual governance forums on a regular basis. The Board's Conduct Committee provides assurance to the Board that the fair treatment of customers remains at the heart of the business model and monitors all aspects of the Company's operational performance that reflect whether the Company pays due regard to the interests of its customers, treats them fairly, and is effectively mitigating conduct risk.

Highlight [page 13]: Data and cyber security and privacy rights The Company takes the protection and integrity of personal data very seriously. Management continually works on developing and enhancing the Company's information security framework which is designed to identify and understand potential threats as well as manage and mitigate potential risks. By investing in IT security and cyber resilience the Company is refining existing, and introducing additional, controls to protect the data it retains as well as to detect, prevent, and establish detailed plans to respond to cyber-attacks. Management continues to focus on ensuring customers' statutory privacy rights are upheld, including a commitment to process personal data securely by means of appropriate technical and organisational measures. Information security, cyber security, data protection and data privacy policies are in place and sit alongside the technical and procedural controls to combat financial crime, bribery and corruption. Mandatory training on these matters is conducted across the Company for all colleagues and supplementary training is also provided where required. The Company's cyber, data, and privacy governance links security and data activities to the Company's goals and strategy, engages and empowers colleagues who are responsible for making security and data decisions, and promotes effective management of cyber and data risks including building an adequate response to cyber-security threats. This governance framework seeks to address process and human vulnerabilities, reduce the complexity of the Company's technology and data estate, and embed cyber security consideration in all business decision making. Operational measures are in place to monitor and respond to data breaches and cyber-attacks. These measures are routinely and independently validated and tested, through vulnerability assessments and penetration testing. Whistle blowing, anti-bribery and corruption A whistle blowing policy is in force across the Company to enable colleagues to raise potential or actual serious matters of misconduct which they believe would damage the performance or reputation of the Company. A confidential, externally serviced hotline and web reporting tool that is open 24 hours a day, every day, is provided for all colleagues to raise matters of potential or actual misconduct. Colleagues are encouraged to disclose, in good faith, the actual or suspected activity where they believe that at least one relevant failure is either currently occurring, or has taken place in the past, or is likely to happen in the future. Colleagues can make a report anonymously should they wish. Any colleague that makes a report will be accorded protection under legislation and any colleague who makes a disclosure in good faith will not suffer reprisals, victimisation or discrimination. Financial crime, for example money laundering and/or terrorist financing, is a serious matter for all companies and more so for those that operate within the financial services sector. The Company has policies in place in relation to com batting money laundering, terrorist funding, fraud, bribery, corruption and tax evasion. Colleagues are required to undertake regular awareness training on all types of financial crime and must follow policies, procedures, and guidelines in relation to all its operations. Background checks on prospective and existing colleagues are undertaken throughout the year to help combat internal fraud. The Company also ensures that unethical practices do not take place relating to bribery and/or corruption and is committed to prohibiting such activities within its operations and dealing with suppliers and service providers. This prohibition also extends to facilitation payments that may be used in certain industries and/or countries where payment of cash or gifts to an official are used to enable transactions to be accelerated, by-passing usual bureaucratic processes. The Company's Money Laundering Reporting Officer is responsible for the application of anti-bribery and anti-corruption measures and reporting, ensuring the business undertakes bribery and corruption risk assessments, and that regular training is provided to all colleagues. The Company has zero appetite for bribery and corruption whether offered to, or given by, any colleague and uses the definition of bribery contained within the UK Bribery Act 2010.