
Highlight [page 45]: Corporate Governance Statement For the year ended 31 December 2021, the Group has applied the Wates Corporate Governance Principles for Large Private Companies (published by the Financial Reporting Council (FRC) in December 2018 and available on the FRC website). Principle 1 - Purpose and Leadership The specialty insurance sector provides risk solutions to companies that are complex or in industries that require bespoke solutions, often in fast-changing environments. The Group's purpose is to deliver risk solutions that provide continuity to its clients in times of business disruption. This highly specialised, quality underwriting delivers clearly articulated and transparent products that will inspire the trust and confidence of clients. In order to achieve this purpose, the Group recognises that throughout all areas of the business, it needs to attract and retain highly skilled, disciplined, and experienced individuals of exceptional quality, who thrive in a constantly changing environment. This enables the foundation to Empower Our People to be at the forefront of providing specialty insurance solutions that consider the fast-changing impacts of climate change, technological disruption and other issues that may adversely affect clients. The overarching Tokio Marine Good Company vision, which incorporates the fundamental values to Look Beyond Profit, Empower Our People and Deliver on Commitments, is consistent with the purpose described above. • Principle 2 - Board Composition Biographies of each Director can be found on pages 37-39. The Board comprises the Independent Non-Executive Chairman, seven Executive Directors, two Independent Non-Executive Directors and a Non-Executive Director and is supported by the Company Secretary. The Nomination Committee reviewed the composition of the Board in Q3 2020 and recommended to the Board in Q4 2020 approval of the appointment to the Board of Angela Baker (Chief People Officer) and Hideki Mishima (Managing Director - J Business), subject to regulatory approval. The appointments to the Board were recommended due to the growth of the organisation, the establishment of the Japanese Business underwriting segment for HCCII and the importance of the Group's People Strategy to its business, culture, and sustainable growth. Regulatory approval was received during Q1 2021, and Angela Baker and Hideki Mishima were formally appointed on 29 January 2021 and 6 February 2021 respectively. Kiichiro Hatakeyama (Non-Executive Director) and Tokio Marine representative resigned from the Board on 31 March 2021. The Nomination Committee reviewed the composition of the Board in September 2021 and recommended the appointment of Ko Shimizu as Non-Executive Director and Tokio Marine representatives. Ko was formally appointed to the Board on 1 January 2022. The Group has a separate Chairman and Chief Executive to ensure the appropriate segment of responsibilities, accountabilities and decision making is effectively maintained across the Group. The Non-Executive Directors bring experience in insurance, reinsurance, finance, audit, risk, governance, operations, and the wider Tokio Marine. In addition, they provide the Board with a diversity of perspectives

Highlight [page 46]: and objective challenge from outside the Group. The Non-Executive Directors held regular meetings with the Chairman during 2021, and these meetings provided them with the opportunity to exchange views without the presence of the Executive Directors. The Group recognises the benefits of diversity for the Board and is committed to ensuring that the Board's membership reflects diversity in its broadest sense. A combination of demographics, skills, experience, age, ethnicity, gender, educational and professional background, and other relevant personal attributes on the Board is important in providing the range of perspectives and challenge needed to support good decision making. The Group is committed to making its business a more inclusive environment that will foster a more diverse workforce, which should in turn increase diversity at the most senior levels. The Directors have equal voting rights when making decisions. All Directors have access to the advice and services of the Company Secretary and may, if they wish, take professional advice at the Group's expense. The duties of the Board are partly executed through its Committees. The Independent Non-Executive Directors attend and act as Chair to relevant Committees so that they are able to contribute to, challenge and influence a range of areas across the business. The Executive team, comprising of the Chief Executive, Group Chief Financial Officer and the two Chief Underwriting Officers, ensures that the values, strategy, and culture align, are implemented, and are communicated to employees. The Directors update their skills, knowledge of and familiarity with the business by meeting with senior management, receiving regular presentations at Board meetings from specific departments or lines of business within the Group, and by receiving externally facilitated training. The Group has an induction programme for all new Directors, which is individually tailored according to the specific experience and knowledge of the new Director. This programme provides new Directors with access to all areas of the business and its key individuals. As part of their induction, Directors are briefed on their duties under section 172 of the Companies Act 2006 and are able to access advice on these areas throughout their tenure from either the Company Secretary or an independent external advisor. The Board undertakes annual reviews of its effectiveness, and those reviews are an integral part of the Board's governance framework. The effectiveness review provides an opportunity to get insight into the functioning of the Board while potentially identifying areas that might need to be strengthened or developed. It allows for in-depth consideration of what resources the Board might need in order to achieve its goals and provides a forum for Directors to reflect on how they are contributing. For the year-ended 31 December 2021 the Board effectiveness review was internally facilitated, and the Board is currently agreeing an action plan from this review early in 2022. Principle 3 - Director Responsibilities Accountability The Group's governance framework supports the business to make effective decisions. While the Board has overall responsibility and oversight, the Group's governance framework is designed to ensure that key decisions are made by the individuals and Committees with the most appropriate knowledge and experience. The Board has a schedule of six principal meetings a year and there is a process by which any significant matters are communicated to the Board outside of its scheduled meetings. The Board's key areas of focus in 2021 are included on page 40. Each Director has a clear understanding of their accountability and responsibilities, which are set out in their Statement of Responsibilities. The Independent Non-Executive Directors are considered to be independent in that they have not been an employee of the Group, have no material business relationships with the Group that might influence their independence or judgement, and have not served on the Board for more than nine years from the date of their first appointment. Directors, Heads of Department, underwriting and claims employees are required to complete annual conflicts of interest declarations. These declarations are collated by the Compliance Department and where there are potential conflicts, appropriate safeguards and processes have been put in place. The Company Secretary receives annual confirmation of any conflicts of interest for the Board Directors and there is a

Highlight [page 47]: process in place for the Non-Executive Directors to disclose any potential conflicts to the·Chairman and Chief Executive. Committees The Board is assisted in the discharge of its duties by a number of Board Committees (Audit, Group Data Protection, Risk and Capital Management, Remuneration, Nomination, Investment, Executive Underwriting and Monitoring; and Sustainability). Each Committee has defined areas of responsibility which are set out in each Committee's terms of reference. The remit and responsibilities of the Board's Committees are set out on pages 42-44. A review of the governance structure was undertaken during 2021, and changes to the governance structure and composition of the Board Committees and Sub-Committees were recommended to and approved by the Board. Integrity of Information On a quarterly basis, the Board receives information on all key aspects of the business, including: financial and underwriting performance; pricing and market conditions; strategic initiatives; compliance; claims; operational matters; and risk, capital and governance. These reports are supported by key performance and key risk indicators. Key financial information is collated from the Group's various accounting, underwriting and claims systems. Other information is prepared by relevant departments. The Group has an internal controls system, which is designed to provide assurance that the information reported is accurate, reliable and, compliant with applicable laws and regulations, and that its operations are effectively controlled. The Group's internal controls system is reviewed annually as part of the programme of internal controls testing, which is undertaken by the International Internal Audit Department. The Board has delegated its responsibility for maintaining and monitoring the effectiveness of the system of internal financial controls and internal controls to the Audit Committee, which receives regular reports from the International Internal Audit Department. Principle 4 - Opportunity and Risk Opportunity Strategic opportunities (both near-term and long-term) are identified in the Group's Strategic Business Plan, which is presented to the Board annually. The Group considers opportunities drawn from the business as well as those that align with TMHCC's strategy, with the following examples in 2021: • growth of the Down Stream Energy book; • implementation of its IT Strategy and operating model; • establishment of Marine Cargo consortium growth; and • growth of Delegated Property. Risk and Responsibilities The Group believes that a strong, effective, and embedded Enterprise Risk Management (ERM) framework is crucial to maintaining successful business operations and delivering sustainable, long-term profitability. This is achieved through a strong risk culture, together with rigorous and consistent risk management that is embedded across the Group and embodied by management at all levels through its governance structure •and risk management. Although the Board has ultimate responsibility for ensuring the Group has a robust ERM framework in place, certain risk management activities are delegated to the level that is the most appropriate to oversee and manage the risks. The Group's principal risks, uncertainties and mitigations are set out on pages 33-36. The Board accepts that the Group's business operations cannot be risk free, therefore the ERM framework is designed to manage risk to a desired level and minimise the adverse effects of any residual risk, rather than to entirely eliminate the risk.

Highlight [page 48]: The Group operates a 'three lines of defence' risk governance framework that clearly defines the roles and responsibilities of those involved: 1. Risk owners and senior management. 2. Key functions responsible for risk oversight and risk guidance, in~luding International Compliance and Enterprise Risk Departments and the Risk and Capital Management Committee. 3. Internal Audit provide independent assurance to the Board and senior management on the effectiveness of risk management processes. The diagram below illustrates the Group's ERM framework, demonstrating how risk appetite, risk governance, risk management, risk output and reporting interact with one another. ·r .I ·1 .I ~ ·r .I People, Roles & Responslbllitles Culture, Information & Communication Monitoring, Assurance & UseTest o Risk Appetite - the level of business risk the Group will take in order to achieve the strategic objectives. The Group has established risk appetite statements, which provide assurance that the Group is able to manage or absorb the impact of a risk in the event it materialises. o • Risk Governance - includes risk policies and procedures, Risk and Capital Management Committees and roles and responsibilities ('three lines of defence'). Risk Management - the processes used to identify, measure, manage, monitor, and report risks (including the internal capital model) and stress and scenario testing, are designed to enable dynamic risk-based decision-making and effective day-to-day risk management. The Risk and Capital Management Committee ensures that inherent, emerging and developing risks are identified and managed appropriately and in a timely manner. The Risk and Capital Management Committee meets on a quarterly basis and reviews the risk register, emerging and developing risk radar and a live risk tracker, which are updated quarterly with any changes in underlying risks. Risks transition from the emerging and developing risk radar to the live risk tracker as they become more likely to impact the Group's strategic objectives. Risks then transition to the risk register when the risk is near to crystallising and requires formal monitoring and the establishment of a risk control framework.

Highlight [page 49]: Principle 5 - Remuneration TMHCC International has a Remuneration Policy in place providing a framework for remuneration that rewards performance and attracts, retains and motivates employees to achieve the Group's business objectives while being consistent with its risk appetites and long-term strategy. The Remuneration Committee has defined terms of reference and is chaired by an Independent Non-Executive Director. The Committee is responsible for reviewing the ongoing appropriateness of the Remuneration Policy and for approving the remuneration arrangements for all employees. Salaries of all Group employees are aligned to the performance of the business and market conditions, with bonuses driven by a combination of personal and business performance. The Group promotes a diverse and inclusive workplace, and an environment free from discrimination, harassment, and victimisation, where everyone receives equal treatment and career development regardless of age, gender, nationality, ethnic origin, religion, marital status, sexual orientation, or disability. All decisions relating to employment practices (including remuneration) are objective, free from bias, and based solely on work criteria and individual merit. As detailed in the People section on page 24, the Group has taken steps to further strengthen its l&D Strategy and publishes its gender pay reporting information on its website. Principle 6 - Stakeholders The Board understands that effective corporate governance and communication are vital to the Group's continued success and its stakeholder relationships. The Group's strategy is aligned with its purpose to ensure that its product offering and diversified portfolio of business will continue to meet the needs of its customers, while delivering sustainable long-term growth for its shareholders. The Group is aware of its broader impact on its stakeholders, including the environment, its customers, and the communities in which it operates. The Group applies the core principles of the Good Company vision, and to support its approach to being a sustainable and responsible business, has established a sustainability governance structure to support its activities. Details of its sustainability initiative, and other initiatives, can be found in the following sections: Good Company Approach, Charity and Community, People, Business Conduct and Ethics and Climate Risk on pages 21-30. The Board ensures it has effective relationships with all stakeholders through ongoing dialogues that are open, co-operative, and transparent. A table showing how the Group has engaged with its stakeholders during the year is set out on pages 10-15.