
Highlight [page 13]: The Group follows the Wates Corporate Governance Principles for large private companies and has applied these for the year ended 31 March 2022. The Group has also applied the Wates principles as an appropriate framework when making disclosures regarding corporate governance arrangements. The Wates principles applied are equally applicable on an entity basis due to being within the same sector and have been followed by HCRG Care Services Ltd. The full Wates statement can be found on our website at ,vw\v.hcrgcaregroup.com/lcgal-information. Key examples of how we have applied these principles include: Page 11

Highlight [page 14]: HCRG Care Services Ltd Directors' Report for the Yi,ar Ended 31 March 2022 (continued) Remuneration The Company's Remuneration Committee considers the most appropriate means of attracting and retaining quality Executive T earn members, who can support the delivery of our strategic aim. The Remuneration Committee has clear terms of reference and its remit includes signing off and approval of targets for any performance-related pay schemes operated by the organisation. Alongside this, the Remuneration Committee provides independent governance of the remuneration of the Executive Team, and undertakes market analysis and benchmarking to deliver this effectively. Stakeholder relationships Building and maintaining relationships with stakeholders is key to delivering our strategy and we ensure that stakeholder relationships are aligned to the company's purpose of changing lives by transfom1ing health and care. Over the past year we have worked closely with all of our stakeholders an<l you will see examples of the work we have carried out in our Section. l 72 statement in the Strategic Report. Opportunity and risk Annual critical projects are implemented to address short term opportunities to improve operational and financial performance and ensure delivery of transformation. As some of the pressures of the pandemic have begun to ease over the 2021/22 financial year, we have been able to begin to re-focus on our longer-tenn strategy. Following the acquisition in December 2021 and subsequent rebranding as HCRG Care Group, the organisation has naturally entered a new phase. A revised three-year strategy \.Vastherefore approved at the very end of the 2021/22 financial year with a view to building upon what has already been developed whilst focusing on transformation, growth and efficiency as the company moves forward under its new ownership. As an organisation we ensure that all opportunities are assessed on a risk-reward basis. Over the past year we have continued to develop the 'Governance' (G) Process which was expanded in 2020/21 to incorporate not only bids but also other changes, growth opportunities and innovations we might put in place. This allowed us to assess, in one place, all of the opportunities we have to both grow the business and to develop and innovate in our services, which provides us with the right governance structure to allow us to deliver our purpose of changing lives by transforming health and care. Purpose and leadership As an organisation we partner with the NHS and Local Authorities to change lives by transforming health and care. We don't have a one size fits all solution because every service we provide is designed around the needs of the local population. On 1 December 2021, Virgin Care was acquired by Twcnty20 Capital and rcbrandcd as HCRG Care Group, bringing together the two organisations' strengths, capability and expertise in the health and care services sector. This transaction helps enable the business to develop additional services provision and the value given back to health and care commissioners. that enhance both the quality of Our values, thinking, caring and doing, reflect the way we work and are supported with a 'behaviours framework' setting out how colleagues across the organisation can bring our culture and values to life and deliver on our purpose every day.