
Highlight [page 92]: CORPORATE GOVERNANCE CHAIRMAN'S INTRODUCTION I am pleased to introduce this report, which describes the activities of the Board during the year, along with Heathrow's governance arrangements. Heathrow's purpose is to give passengers the best airport service in the world. In 2021, air travel has continued to be heavily affected by the unprecedented impact of the COVID-19 pandemic. The Board has remained focused on taking the appropriate action to successfully guide Heathrow through this extended period of uncertainty and to ensure it is well positioned for a return in passenger demand. During this period, the safety and wellbeing of passengers and colleagues has remained paramount, and the Board has further focused on ensuring that the airport continues to operate safely. The Board has also focused on achieving a fair and appropriate regulatory settlement for the H7 regulatory period. Our robust governance framework has helped to support this work.

Highlight [page 92]: As a Board, we remain committed to high standards of corporate governance and believe that these high standards are central to the effective management of the HAHL Group and to maintaining the confidence of our investors. There were a number of changes to the Board during 2021. In June, we welcomed the appointment of Joan MacNaughton as a new Independent Non-Executive Director and the appointment of Luke Bugeja as a new Non-Executive Shareholder Director. We also said farewell to Jorge Gil Villen (Non-Executive Shareholder Director) in June and to David Begg (Independent Non-Executive Director) in November, both long-standing members of the Board who have contributed greatly to Heathrow. At the end of August, we bid farewell to Carol Hui (Chief of Staff and General Counsel) who was Company Secretary and thanked her for her commitment to the Board. We also welcomed the appointment of Mark Oliver (Interim General Counsel) as the new Company Secretary. The following pages provide information on the composition of the HAHL Board and its governance structure and processes,together with reports from each of its committees. For the year ended 31 December 2021, under the Companies (Miscellaneous Reporting) Regulations 2018, the HAHL Group has applied the Wates Corporate Governance Principles for Large Private Companies, published by the Financial Reporting Council ('FRC') in December 2018. The Wates Principles provide a framework for the HAHL Board to monitor corporate governance of the HAHL Group and see where governance standards can be raised to a higher level across the business. We believe this, in turn, will result in better engagement with our stakeholder base and ultimately build trust with our passengers, colleagues and investors. Governance processes are cascaded down from the HAHL Board to other companies in the HAHL Group, so that the governance framework can provide the right environment for the HAHL Board, and other companies in the HAHL Group, to make decisions for the long-term success of Heathrow. The table below summarises the six Wates Principles and indicates where more information can be found in the strategic and the governance reports. Throughout 2022, the HAHL Board will continue to review and challenge how the HAHL Group can continue to improve its corporate governance.

Highlight [page 93]: Principle Purpose and leadership Board composition Directors' responsibilities Opportunity and risk Remuneration Stakeholder relationships and engagement Summary Page

Highlight [page 93]: The HAHLBoardis responsiblefor the long-term strategy,direction and performanceof the HAHLGroup. Our vision is to give passengersthe best airport servicein the world and to ensurethat our values,strategyand culture are alignedwith that purpose.The HAHLBoardrecognisesthat maintaininga healthyculture throughout the organisationis critical in order to createand protect long-term value.The HAHLGroup'sstrategicframework, shown in the StrategicReporton page 26, embedsour vision, purpose,prioritiesand valueswith our strategic propositionsas key elementsto ensureour stakeholders'interestsare centralto Heathrow'sfuture developments. The HAHL Boardconsistsof the Chairman,CEO,CFO,two IndependentNon-ExecutiveDirectorsand ten ShareholderNon-ExecutiveDirectors.The Independent Non-ExecutiveDirectorsbring outside experience and provide constructivechallengeand influence. The compositionof the HAHLBoardis partly determined by the Shareholders'Agreement and it is consideredto be in the best interestsof the HAHLGroup for the senior executivesand each Shareholderto be representedat meetings.As a private, investor-ownedgroup with sevenshareholders,the HAHLGroup benefits from a diversityof viewpoints at the HAHLBoard and the independent Non-ExecutiveDirectorsenhancethis. The HAHLBoardacknowledgesthat, overall,it has good geographicaldiversity,but is also committed to improving its diversityin terms of gender, ethnicity, disability and age, and its NominationsCommittee is responsiblefor reviewingdiversity and successionplanning. Whilst it is recognizedthat there is still some way to go in this area,the appointment of Joan MacNaughton as an independent Non-ExecutiveDirector in June, is regarded as further progressin terms of improving gender diversity.Joan brings a wealth of experiencein industry, government,the energysector and climate change. Directors receiveregular updateson new legislation,regulatory requirementsand other changes,to ensure that they are fully equipped when making decisionsabout the business.The performanceof the HAHL Board is reviewedannuallyand considerationis given to its overall composition and to the effectivenessof its different processeswith a view to maximisingstrengths and highlighting areasfor further development. More information about the HAHLBoard'seffectiveness,including recommendationstaken and areasof focus for development, is shown on page 100. The HAHL Group has a separateChairmanand CEOto ensurethat the balanceof responsibilities, accountabilitiesand decision-makingare effectively maintained.The HAHL Boardreceivesregular reports on the business,financial performance,health, safety and wellbeing of colleagues,passengerforecasts, commercialand retail performance,colleagueengagement, stakeholdersand local communitiesand management of key businessrisksalong with updateson the activitiesand decisionsof its formal committees. The HAHL Boardis familiar with Heathrow's governanceframework and annually reviewsthe terms of referenceof its formal Committees. Directorshave accessto the Shareholders'Agreement, Heathrow's Group policiesand related governanceprocesses.They also receiveregulartraining and updatesrelating to their statutory and fiduciary duties. The HAHL Boardseeksout opportunity while mitigating risk. Long-termstrategic opportunities are highlighted in the annual BusinessPlanprocesspresentedto the HAHLBoard. The HAHLBoardhas overall responsibilityfor managing risksand ensuring that an effective risk managementprocessis in place.The HAHL Board regularlyreviews Heathrow's principal risks, mitigations, and overall risk appetite. The Riskand AssuranceCommittee and the ExecutiveCommittee ensurethat inherent and emerging risksare identified and managedappropriatelyand in a timely manner, updating the risk register for any changesin underlying conditions. Operationaland safety risksare regularly reviewed by the Sustainabilityand Operational Risk Committee and financial risksby the Audit Committee. The RemunerationCommittee hasclearly defined terms of referenceand is responsiblefor making recommendationsto the HAHLBoardconcerning the HAHLGroup's remunerationstrategy,recruitment framework and long-term incentiveplansfor senior executives.The Committee reviewsHeathrow's remuneration structure each year to ensurethat the framework supports Heathrow'sstrategicambitions and rewards Directorsfairly for the contribution that they make to the business.The Committee takes advicefrom independent external consultantswho provide updateson legislativerequirements,market best practice and remuneration benchmarking.Payis aligned with performance,taking into account fair pay and conditions acrossthe HAHLGroup's workforce. Centralto our strategicframework, shown on page 26, are our high-levelaspirationsfor the future of Heathrow for all our stakeholdergroups. Our strategicprioritiesand valuesare how we deliverour vision. They reflect a simplebusinesslogic: engaged people deliverexcellentservice,which in turn deliversfinancial returns and growth in a sustainableway. The table within the section 172(1) statementon page 80 provides details of our main stakeholdersand someof the engagementthat takesplacewith them at an operationalor HAHLGroup level.

Highlight [page 94]: GOVERNANCE

ST STRUCTURE The HAHL Board determines the long-term strategy, direction and performance of the HAHL Group, including approval of the annual budget and management business plan. It is responsible for ensuring that the HAHL Group acts ethically and meets its legal and regulatory responsibilities, monitoring the HAHL Group's performance and ensuring the HAHL Group has the necessary resources to meet its objectives. Whilst the HAHL Board retains oversight and accountability for decision-making within the HAHL Group, responsibility for day-to-day management and decision-making is delegated to the CEO and the Executive Committee. The HAHL Board delegates specific responsibilities to its formal committees, which consist of individuals with the most appropriate knowledge, expertise, industry experience and independence. HAHL BOARD The duties of the HAHL Board are executed partially through its five principal committees: Audit, Nominations, Remuneration, Sustainability and Operational Risk and Finance. These committees operate within defined terms of reference, which are reviewed regularly by the HAHL Board. The role of Company Secretary to the HAHL Board is performed by the General Counsel. AUDIT COMMITTEE NOMINATIONS COMMITTEE REMUNERATION COMMITTEE SUSTAINABILITY AND OPERATIONAL RISK COMMITTEE FINANCE COMMITTEE \ .,._jl,"5; CH,I,~ EXEC:UTIVE EXECUTIVE SUB-COMMITTEES I I I I I I l I Airport Safety Committee People Committee Intelligence Liaison Group Heathrow Investment Committee Charities and Communities Committee Policy Coordination Group Risk and Assurance Committee Internal Investigations SteeringGroup The HAHL Board receives regular reports on business and financial performance, employee issuesand management of key business risks. The Chairs of the Audit Committee and the Sustainability and Operational Risk Committee provide regular updates on matters discussed at those committees. Decisions from the Remuneration Committee are shared with the HAHL Board and the Finance Committee submits an annual update of its activities. Minutes from the Audit Committee, Sustainability and Operational Risk Committee and Finance Committee are shared with the HAHL Board on a regular basis and papers from each of the Committees are available to the HAHL Board. Where appropriate, recommendations are made by each of the HAHL Board Committees so that final decisions can be taken by the HAHL Board. Members of the HAHL Board have the opportunity to attend monthly Board Working Group sessions to receive more in-depth information about specific aspects of the business. The Board Working Group sessions are available to all Board members and their advisors and enable further discussion on particular topics ahead of Board meetings.

Highlight [page 94]: The Executive Committee is the forum of the senior executive management team of the HAHL Group. The HAHL Board delegates authority for day-to-day management of the HAHL Group to the Executive Committee, which meets weekly and is chaired by the Chief Executive Officer. In addition to the Chief Executive Officer, membership of the Executive Committee includes the Executive Directors responsible for each business function. Further information is shown on page 90. The Executive Committee develops and recommends to the HAHL Board, medium and long-term business development strategies. They ensure the delivery of agreed strategies by providing guidance, approvals, governance and monitoring. The Executive Committee also considers health and safety, financial, legal and regulatory matters, risk assurance and compliance, and reviews and approves all matters to be presented to the HAHL Board for information or approval. There is a high level of interaction between the HAHL Board and the Executive Committee. Members of the Executive Committee provide presentations at board meetings on a regular basis and attend strategy days with the HAHL Board in order to review issues in more detail, plan and align views. The Executive Committee delegates specific matters to a number of formal sub-committees whilst retaining overall accountability. The sub-committees consist of managers and other experts with appropriate knowledge, industry experience and expertise to make decisions and report back to the Executive Committee. Each sub-committee operates in accordance with terms of reference approved by the Executive Committee and is evaluated on a regular basis.

Highlight [page 95]: EXECUTIVE SUB-COMMITTEES AIRPORT SAFETY COMMITTEE Responsible for reviewing Heathrow's responsibilities, strategies, policies, conduct, performance and risk-management approach. It covers all aspects of safety, including fire, physical health and safety, airside safety, psychological safety, environmental safety (compliance) and the potential impact on Heathrow's reputation arising from its performance in these respects. It is chaired by the Chief People Officer. Other members include the Chief Financial Officer, Chief Operating Officer, Safety, Health and Wellbeing Director and others. PEOPLE COMMITTEE Provides appropriate levels of governance with regards to People matters in support of the Mojo business priority and making Heathrow a great place to work, which is in service of Heathrow's vision to give passengers the best airport service in the world. It enables agile and transparent decision-making, while assuring levels of consistency across the organisation. It is chaired by the Chief People Officer and other members are the Chief Financial Officer and representatives from the People, Commercial and Operations teams. INTELLIGENCE LIAISON GROUP Responsible for providing a secure forum to safely share secret, sensitive and often time-critical security intelligence. Members require the necessary level of security clearance. i=i :Ill m HEATHROW INVESTMENT COMMITTEE Acts under authority delegated by the Executive Committee as a single accountable forum on capital investment across Heathrow. It is chaired by the Chief Financial Officer. Other members consist of the Chief Operating Officer, Chief Commercial Officer, Chief Solutions Officer and Chief Strategy Officer. CHARITIES AND COMMUNITIES COMMITTEE Responsible for agreeing strategy and policy for charitable giving and oversight of investment in local communities at Heathrow. It is chaired by the Chief of Staff and Carbon. Other members consist of the Chief Financial Officer, Chief People Officer and Communities and Sustainability Director. POLICY COORDINATION GROUP A strategic, senior-policy forum that provides advice and recommendations on Heathrow's policy priorities. Representing the Executive Committee, leads from different business functions provide input to agree Heathrow's positions and prioritisation on key policy asks. It is chaired by the Chief of Staff and Carbon. Other members are the Director of Communications and senior representatives from different functions across the business. RISK AND ASSURANCE COMMITTEE Responsible for reviewing the effectiveness of the risk-management strategy and framework, and for reviewing the principal risks.It is chaired by the General Counsel/Interim General Counsel (as of September 2021 ). Other members consist of the Chief Financial Officer, Chief of Staff and Carbon, Chief Strategy Officer and Director of Operations. INTERNAL INVESTIGATIONS STEERING GROUP Responsible for setting and overseeing compliance with the governance framework for relevant internal investigations. It provides the Executive, HAHL Board and Audit Committees with assurance that Heathrow has appropriate procedures to ensure appropriate governance and conduct of internal investigations. It is chaired by the General Counsel/ Interim General Counsel (as of September 2021 ). Other members consist of the Head of Security Intelligence and Risk, Director of Business Assurance, Head of Legal, Compliance and DPO, Employee Relations Manager, Engagement and Business Partnering Director and a designated independent Non-Executive Director.

Highlight [page 96]: ROLESAND RESPONSIBILITIES It is the HAHL Group's policy that the roles of the Chairman and Chief Executive Officer are separate, with their roles and responsibilities clearly divided. The key roles and responsibilities of the Directors of the HAHL Board are set out below: CHAIRMAN The Chairman is responsible for: • Leading and managing the HAHL Board, its effectiveness and governance. • Ensuring HAHL Board members are aware of and understand the views of key stakeholders. • Helping set the tone from the top in terms of the purpose, goal, culture, vision and values for the whole organisation. • Creating the conditions for overall Board effectiveness. CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER The Chief Executive Officer is responsible for the leadership and day-to-day management of the HAHL Group, with a scope covering safety, operations, finance, regulation, commercial, asset management, customer services, information services, human resources, corporate communications and legal. The Chief Financial Officer is responsible for the financial performance, capital allocation and financing of the HAHL Group and supporting the Chief Executive Officer in developing and implementing strategy. INDEPENDENT NON-EXECUTIVE DIRECTORS The Independent Non-Executive Directors are responsible for providing constructive challenge and bringing independence to the HAHL Board and its decision-making process. Particularly: • Bringing a wide range of skills and experience, including independent judgement performance and risk management. • Scrutinising and challenging the performance of the HAHL Group's business. • Assessing risk and the integrity of the financial information and controls. NON-EXECUTIVE SHAREHOLDER DIRECTORS on issues of strategy, The Non-Executive Shareholder Directors are appointed in accordance with the Shareholders' Agreement and are responsible for providing constructive challenge and for contributing to the HAHL Board's decision-making processes. COMPANY SECRETARY The role of Company Secretary is performed by the General Counsel. The Company Secretary is available to the Chairman and all Directors and is responsible for information flows to the HAHL Board and advising the HAHL Board on procedure and corporate governance matters. Directors may also take professional advice .at the Company's expense.

Highlight [page 97]: COMPOSITION OF THE HAHL BOARD AND ITS COMMITTEES At the date of this report, the HAHL Board comprises the Chairman; two Independent Non-Executive Directors; ten Shareholder Non-Executive Directors and two Executive Directors - the Chief Executive Officer and the Chief Financial Officer. r -C ------...! -4 ::i::, ~ m Cl ri ., 0 ::i::, -4 \ ~ 1 I t_: --- - - ~~======I ~...,..,,,,,_:::;;r:___----:::===---d ~-.....--~------::!! z ):o z n > > 11'1 E The names and biographies of all Directors of the HAHL Board are published on pages 86 to 89. Nine of the Non-Executive Shareholder Directors have formally approved alternates, who are also listed. The alternates are statutory Directors of HAHL, who attend Board and other meetings when Shareholder Non-Executive Directors are unable to do so, or they attend alongside the Shareholder Non-Executive Directors as observers. The Executive and Non-Executive Directors are equal members of the HAHL Board and have collective responsibility for the HAHL Group's strategy and performance. Each HAHL Board Director has a clear understanding of their accountability and responsibilities. Recommendations for the appointment of Directors to the HAHL Board are made by the Nominations Committee. Appointments are made on merit anrl against objective criteria with due regard to diversity (including skills, experience, age, gender, disability and social and ethnic background). Non-executive appointees are also required to demonstrate that they have sufficient time to devote to the role. The Independent Non-Executive Directors bring outside experience in areas such as aviation, transport, health and safety, sustainability, climate change, energy, government and finance, and provide constructive challenge and influence from outside the HAHL Group. The Chairman holds periodic meetings with all the Non-Executive Directors to discuss the performance of management and the HAHL Board, without the Executive Directors present. The HAHL Board considered the Chairman, Lord Paul Deighton, to be independent in judgment and character on his appointment on 22 June 2016. The Chairman and each of the Independent Non-Executive Directors have letters of appointment with the HAHL Group rather than service contracts, which include the expected time commitment of the appointment. The Directors are required to comply with Heathrow's group policies, including policies on Professional Conduct, Health and Safety, Conflicts of Interest and Anti-Bribery, Gifts and Hospitality. The HAHL Board believe that its size and composition are appropriate to meet the strategic needs and challenges of the business and to enable effective decision-making. The composition of the HAHL Board is partly determined by the Shareholders' Agreement, which provides that each Shareholder controlling ten per cent or more of the issued ordinary shares of FGPTopco Limited, is entitled to appoint one Director to the HAHL Board. It is considered to be in the interests of the HAHL Group for each Shareholder to be represented on the HAHL Board. In addition, there are three Independent Non-Executive Directors whose purpose is to challenge and provide external expertise. The HAHL Board does not have a majority of Independent Non-Executive Directors and it is felt that the numbers associated with ensuring a majority of Independent Non-Executive Directors would make the operation of the HAHL Board unwieldy and unduly costly. It is acknowledged that, although there is international diversity on the HAHL Board, there is a relative lack of gender diversity. The HAHL Board is committed to making the HAHL Group an ever-more inclusive environment, thereby fostering a more diverse workforce which should increase diversity at the most senior levels.

Highlight [page 98]: 2021 HAHL BOARD ACTIVITIES The HAHL Board held eleven scheduled monthly meetings during the year ended 31 December 2021. Two additional meetings were also held to consider regulatory and other issues. Board members also attended monthly Board Working Group meetings and joint strategy sessionswere held in conjunction with the Executive Committee in April and November. During the year the HAHL Board focused on a number of areas as set out below. 2021 HAHL Board activities SAFETY • Monitored and reviewed health and safety measures across the airport and the welfare of passengers and colleagues. STRATEGY AND OPERATIONAL • COVID-19 and Business Protection Plan. • Passenger demand and growth strategy. • Considered operational and business performance. • Considered airport readiness, ramp up operations and Border Force. • Received updates on material communications with regulators and considered the impact of changes in regulation and developing regulation. • Commercial strategy, including retail, 2022 aero charges and other regulated charges. • Top 10 KPls and 2021 targets. • People Change Strategy and Colleague Engagement Plan. • Procurement Strategy. • Carbon Strategy; approved Heathrow's Net Zero Plan. FINANCIAL PERFORMANCE • Protect and monitor liquidity. • Reviewed financial performance and forecasts. • Considered and approved the 2022 Management Business Plan. • Reviewed and approved results announcements. • Raised £1.2bn of Class A funding and £0.4bn of Class B funding and sought creditors consent to waive financial covenants. LEADERSHIP AND STAKEHOLDERS • Discussed the approach to workforce engagement. • Considered updates on diversity and succession planning. • Considered Heathrow's Sustainable Communities and Charity Partnerships. GOVERNANCE • Reviewed and approved the 2020 Annual Report and Accounts. • Considered improvements to existing corporate governance arrangements, including additional reporting requirements and the Wates Principles. • Considered output from the HAHL Board evaluation process. • Considered and agreed key risks and their mitigation and control. • Agreed Modern Slavery Act Statement. • Approved 2021 Continuity of Service Plan. • Reviewed Group Policies.

Highlight [page 99]: HAHL BOARD AND COMMITTEE MEETING ATTENDANCE The Directors' attendance at formally scheduled HAHL Board and Committee meetings during the year is recorded in the following table. It shows the number of formally scheduled HAHL Board and Committee meetings attended by each Director, or their alternate Director. Alternate Directors also occasionally att~nd HAHL Board meetings in an 'observer' capacity, but this attendance is not shown. The HAHL Board held eleven scheduled monthly meetings and two additional meetings during the year ended 31 December 2021. --. . . Sustainability and ·--·-··., .. .. Operation"! Risk Committee ..: 9 13 4 3 Total meetings held during the period Independent Non-Executive Directors Lord Paul Deighton David Begg' Rt. Hon Ruth Kelly Joan MacNaughton 3 13 11 4 13 8 3 7 2 Non-Executive Shareholder Directors and their alternates 4 His Excellency Akbar Al Baker (Ali Bouzarif') 13 7 9 Ahmed AI-Hammadi (Deven Karnik') 13 13 13 3 3 3 Stuart Baldwin (Kamil Burganov') Chris Beale (Sam Coxe') Luke Bugeja 4 (Gonzalo Velasco Zabalza'/ Ignacio Castejon Hernandez') Maria Casero (Gonzalo Velasco Zabalza'/ Ignacio Castejon Hernandez') Olivier Fortin 8 6 5 2 5 13 13 8 3 4 2 3 2 4 8 Jorge Gil 5 (Gonzalo Velasco Zabalza'/ Ignacio Castejon Hernandez') 9 8 Ernesto Lopez Mozo (Gonzalo Velasco Zabalza'/ Ignacio Castejon Hernandez') Mike Powell (Tom Kelly') David Xie (Jinhong Chen') 13 3 13 13 3 3 Executive Directors 5 8 4 8 John Holland-Kaye• Javier Echave' 13 13 3 ' AlternateDirector. 2 DavidBeggresignedfrom the Boardon 24 November2021. ' JoanMadllaughtonwasappointedto the Boardon 14June2021. ' LukeBugejawas appointed to the Boardon 23 June2021. • JorgeGilVillenresignedfrom the Boardon 23 June2021. • TheCEOisinvitedto attendmeetingsof the Audit Committee,NominationsCommitteeand RemunerationCommittee,but isnot a memberof thosecommittees. 7 TheCFOisinvitedto attendthe meetingsof the Audit Committeeand SustainabilityandOperationalRiskCommitteebut isnot a memberof thosecommittees. TheSeptemberBoardandAudit Committeemeetingswereattendedbythe actingCFO,coveringduringthe CFO'spaternityleave. • A numberof additionalFinanceCommitteeappro,alswereobtainedby emailcirculationto the membersthroughouttheyear.

Highlight [page 100]: EFFECTIVENESS INDUCTION AND INFORMATION A comprehensive induction programme is provided for all new HAHL Board Directors. Our Directors update their skills, knowledge and familiarity with the HAHL Group by regularly meeting with senior management, attending operational site visits, strategy sessions with the Executive Committee and regular training sessions. During the lock down period induction training sessionswere conducted online. All HAHL Board Directors have access to the advice and services of the Company Secretary and the Heathrow Group's Legal team. They may also take independent professional advice at the Company's expense. The Chairman and Company Secretary are responsible for ensuring that Directors receive accurate, timely and clear information. To ensure that adequate time is available for Board discussion and to enable informed decision-making, briefing papers are prepared and circulated to Directors a week prior to scheduled HAHL Board meetings. The HAHL Board also receives regular and timely information (at least monthly) on all key aspects of the business, including health and safety, risks and opportunities, the financial performance of the business, strategy, operational matters, market conditions and sustainability, all supported by key performance indicators. During the COVID-19 pandemic the Board received regular updates on the passenger demand forecast and on the health, safety and wellbeing of colleagues and passengers. 100 Key financial information is collated from the Heathrow Group's various accounting systems. The HAHL Group's finance function is appropriately qualified to ensure the integrity of this information and is provided with the necessary training to keep up to date with regulatory changes. Statutory financial information is externally audited by PricewaterhouseCoopers LLPon an annual basis, and financial controls are reviewed by the Group's internal audit function. Other key information is prepared by the relevant internal function. Processesfor collecting data, as well as the reporting of that data, are reviewed on a cyclical basis by the HAHL Group's internal audit function with quarterly reporting provided to the Audit Committee. BOARD EVALUATION The HAHL Board considers the regular review of its function, Committees and Directors to be an essential element of good corporate governance and important for identifying key areas of focus for future improvement and for strengthening its overall performance. Internal evaluation assessmentswere carried out in November 2020 and November 2021. The reviews were conducted by questionnaire, which sought the Directors' feedback on all aspects of Board and Committee performance, including board composition, behaviours and dynamics, the number and length of meetings, agendas, the quality of information, the Chairman's leadership and focus, strategic oversight, interaction between the Board and its committees, overview of risk, succession planning, induction and training and priorities for change. The results were collated by the Company Secretary and anonymised before being discussed with the Chairman and the Board for consideration and recommendations, with follow-up actions debated and adopted as appropriate. 2020 INTERNAL EVALUATION As reported in the 2020 Annual Report, an internal evaluation was undertaken during November 2020. The results were positive overall, with themes reflecting the testing environment imposed by the COVID-19 pandemic and requirement to make difficult decisions about the business and adjust to new processes. HAHL Board and committee meetings continued to be held virtually which did not present any significant issues.The key areas identified for increased focus and development during the 2021 financial year are set out below: Areas of Focus Identified 1. Committee chairs to further improve reporting on their committees' activities to the HAHL Board, including reviewing their terms of reference. 2. To review the effectiveness of the Shareholder Working Group sessions, taking place outside of HAHL Board meetings. 3. To schedule more time for Non-Executive Directors to hold discussions without management present.

Highlight [page 101]: Further improvements have been made to the way in which each of the formal committee's report to the HAHL Board and all minutes and papers from the formal committees have been made available to HAHL Board members. Each of the committees' terms of reference were reviewed and approved during the year. 2021 INTERNAL EVALUATION An internal evaluation was undertaken during November 2021. Overall, there was a majority consensus that the Board was functioning well and was effective. The main themes reflected the continuing testing environment imposed by the COVID-19 pandemic, airport readiness and ramping up the business for growth and the regulatory settlement. The Board continued to hold on-line meetings successfully during the year but acknowledged the benefits of returning to some physical meetings as soon as it was practical to do so. The key areas identified for increased focus and development during the 2022 financial year are set out below: Areas of Focus Identified 1. Committee chairs to continue to improve the interface and reporting between the formal committees and the Board. 2. To review the number and frequency of Board meetings and the balance of physical and on-line meetings. 3. To focus on the presentation of information to the Board to enable more time for discussion and debate. Individual evaluations were also carried out by each of the HAHL Board's formal committees in 2021. Overall, the reviews showed a consensus that the HAHL Board and its committees were functioning well and were effective. No material shortcomings in relation to the operation of the HAHL Board and its committees were highlighted by the reviews. The Chairman confirms that each Director continues to make a valuable rnntribution to the HAHL Board and, where relevant, its committees.

Highlight [page 101]: The monthly Shareholder Working Group sessions remain an effective forum for deep dives and discussion for regulatory, financial and other business issues, particularly when Board time is limited. The sessions are available to all Board members and have been re-named as the 'Board Working Group'. 2. Regular sessions have been made available before Board meetings for Non-Executive Director discussion without management present.

Highlight [page 102]: AUDIT COMMITTEE DID~ ~ • Luke Bugeja (represented by his alternate Ignacio Castejon Hernandez) • His Excellency Akbar Al Baker (represented by his alternate Ali Bouzarif) • Ernesto Lopez • Rt. Hon Ruth Kelly INTRODUCTION I am pleased to present the Audit Committee (the 'Committee') report for the year ended 31 December 2021. During the year the Committee continued to play a key role in assisting the HAHL Board in fulfilling its oversight responsibility. During 2021 the COVID-19 pandemic continued to create unprecedented impacts for Heathrow and the aviation industry as a whole. The financial, accounting and reporting implications have been significant and the role and accountability of the Committee to oversee, monitor, challenge and support management in ensuring quality and integrity in Heathrow's accounting and reporting practices has been critical during this time. During the year and at year end, the Committee's focus has been on the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on the business, which has increased the complexity and number of key judgements in the financial statements. Throughout the year the Committee reviewed key accounting judgements made by management in relation to going concern, expansion and asset and other impairment, and made recommendations to the HAHL Board in relation to these judgements. Considerable time was also spent monitoring the implementation of the Finance Transformation programme (Project Magenta), including assessing the implications and risks for external reporting at year end and ensuring that sufficient mitigations were in place during the 'go live' phase and beyond. The Finance team and our external auditors have adapted well to the restrictions imposed by remote working and management have worked hard to ensure that our financial controls have been maintained. 102 ROLES AND RESPONSIBILITIES The Committee is a sub-committee of the HAHL Board, and its responsibilities include: • Considering the appointment of the external auditor, taking into account relevant ethical guidance and assessing the independence of the external auditor, ensuring that key audit personnel are rotated at appropriate intervals (including overseeing the process for selecting the external auditor and making recommendations to the HAHL Board). • Recommending the audit fee to the HAHL Board for approval and pre-approving any fees in respect of non-audit services provided by the external auditor and ensuring that the provision of non-audit services does not impair the external auditor's independence or objectivity. • Agreeing with the external auditor the nature and the scope of the audit and reviewing the auditor's quality control procedures and steps taken by the auditor to respond to changes in regulatory and other requirements. • Reviewing reports on the effectiveness of systems for internal financial control, financial reporting and risk management. • Monitoring the integrity of the financial statements of the HAHL Group, and reviewing and challenging, where necessary,the actions, accounting policies and key judgements and estimates of management in relation to the interim and annual financial statements, and any press release related to those statements. • Reviewing Internal Audit reports to the Committee on the effectiveness of the HAHL Group's systems for internal control, financial reporting and risk management. • Reviewing the external auditor's internal control recommendations and management's responses. • Considering management's response to any major external or internal audit recommendations. • Approving the appointment and discharge of the Director of Internal Audit, Risk and Assurance. • Reviewing Heathrow's procedures for handling allegations from whistleblowers. • Reviewing the ethics policy and monitoring its application throughout the business, considering any ethical issues which arise as a result of audit findings. • Overseeing all press releases relating to external financial results. • Reviewing Heathrow's tax policy and insurance strategy and arrangements. • Reviewing the results of the Data Protection Officer's data privacy compliance monitoring programme and ensuring that the Data Protection Office is adequately resourced to carry out its tasks. • Considering the adequacy of management's response to any major data privacy non-compliance findings as a result of monitoring activities. • Reviewing Internal Investigations and approving Internal Investigations Protocol. • Confirming that the financial statements are fair, balanced and understandable. • Review and confirmation of the going concern disclosure for the Annual Report and financial statements. • Considering any other topics, as defined by the HAHL Board.

Highlight [page 103]: 2021 ACTIVITIES The Committee held five scheduled meetings during the year as well as three additional meetings to consider the implementation of the Magenta Programme and preparations for year end. The Committee's main activities were to: FINANCIAL REPORTING • Review and recommend approval of the interim and preliminary results, draft Annual Report and Accounts and the associated going concern statements, taking into consideration the disclosures against FRC guidance. • Review the annual statement of responsibility by management with respect to the internal controls environment. • Review financial resilience and assumptions used to support the going concern statement. • Independently challenge and endorse critical accounting judgements recommended by management. • Review accounting developments and their impacts and significant accounting issues. • Review and approve the approach to Task Force on Climate Related Financial Disclosures (TCFD)for 2021 and consistency between the potential future scenarios identified and any impact they may have on these financial statements. EXTERNAL AUDIT • Consider reports by the external auditor on its audit and its review of the financial statements. • Review the external audit strategy and assesseffectiveness of the external audit. • Review audit and non-audit fees incurred in 2021. INTERNAL AUDIT • Approve the scope of the 2022 internal audit plan. • Review delivery of the 2021 internal audit plan and approve any material changes to it. • Review the conclusions, key findings and actions (remediation plans) from internal audits completed. • Monitor progress of the implementation of actions from internal audit activity. • Consider whether the internal audit function is adequately resourced. RISK MANAGEMENT INTERNAL CONTROL AND • Review the effectiveness of risk management and internal governance for the HAHL Group, particularly in relation to financial risks. Further detail on our approach to managing risk is included on page 58. • Review the effectiveness of Heathrow's internal control systems and application of internal financial reporting controls. • Monitor progress and review the approach to the upgrade of our general ledger and ERPsystem. • Monitor progress and review the implementation of the Magenta Programme and the implications for year-end reporting. • Review effectiveness of, and provide guidance to, Heathrow's Fixed Asset Steering Group. GOVERNANCE AND OTHER • Consider and approve our tax strategy and reviewed tax matters. • • Review the Committee's terms of reference. • Review the implications of the Government's Consultation on Restoring Trust in Audit and Corporate Governance and approve Heathrow's response to the Consultation. • • Receive updates on financial and climate related reporting and other corporate govern a nee-related matters. • Review Heathrow's procedures for handling allegations from whistleblowers and receive reports from the Internal Investigations Steering Group. • Review the Committee's effectiveness.

Highlight [page 104]: KEY JUDGEMENTS AND FINANCIAL REPORTING MATTERS The Committee reviewed critical accounting judgements and key sources of estimation uncertainty outlined in the 'Accounting policies' section of the financial statements. Based on the discussion with management, work and recommendation of the Group finance function and input from external auditor, the Committee considered that the most significant financial statements' risk matters are as follows: Matters Continued impact of COVID-19 on financial reporting matters COVID-19 has increased the complexity and number of key judgements in the financial statements. Going concern The Directors are required to determine that the business is a going concern for at least 12 months from the date of approval of the Annual Report and financial statements. Assets held in the course of construction ('AICC') and probability of expansion The HAHL Group has a substantial capital programme which has been agreed with the regulator (the Civil Aviation Authority). Only those costs which satisfy the requirements of IAS16 'Property, Plant and Equipment' should be capitalised, which in some cases requires management judgement. Climate change and TCFD On the basis that it has been highlighted as a material risk, the Committee reviews disclosures relating to climate change and TCFD. It is also required to assesswhether climate change risks provide indication that an asset may be impaired. Audit Committee review and conclusions The Committee assessedthe effect of COVID-19 on financial reporting and control matters, with specific consideration of the following: • Effects of COVID-19 on the going concern assessment for the Group. • Consideration of the probability of expansion of the airport against the uncertainty created by COVID-19. • Impairment considerations across all assets held, taking into account the impact of COVID-19 on the forecasting and value of the Group. • Impact of the volatility changes in macroeconomic indicators due to COVID-19 on the fair value of the defined benefit pension scheme and investment properties. • Implications on the Group's internal control processes, including the challenges presented by remote working and a restructured workforce. The Committee agreed that Management had continued to take sufficient actions to ensure a robust control environment remained in place. Where management's judgement was required for the specific COVID-19 impacts listed above, the Committee's considerations and conclusions are detailed below. The Committee reviewed the assumptions and disclosure made in reaching the going concern conclusion including forecast operational cash flows, forecast capital expenditure, the overall group liquidity position, and impact on covenants and reviewed the output of the scenario testing performed, including severe but plausible downside scenarios. It was also noted that, in modelling the impact of COVID-19, there is a significant degree of uncertainty, given the evolving current environment and the wide range of potential forecasts being performed by various stakeholders in the global aviation industry. The Committee concluded it was appropriate to prepare the accounts on a going concern basis with material uncertainty. The Committee received regular updates of work undertaken by the Fixed Asset Steering Group, who are responsible for ensuring capitalised costs are appropriate. During the year, the Committee reviewed an impairment and write-off charge of £24 million on assets in the course of construction and £7 million on intangible assets. The Committee concluded that the total impairment charge recognised of £31m was appropriate. The Committee reviewed Management's judgement that it remains probable that expansion of the airport will continue and therefore it is appropriate to have recognised £513m of spend to date as an asset in the course of construction. The Committee noted that on 6 September 2021 the Secretary of State for Transport concluded that no review of the ANPS was necessary at this time, and that the CAA continued to support Expansion as outlined in its Initial Proposals published on the 19 October 2021. The Committee further noted that, although the current COVID-19 crisis is expected to delay the opening of the third runway, it remains Management's assessment that in the longer term, once the benefits of air travel and connectivity have been restored, an expanded Heathrow will be required, even with the long-term uncertainty of climate change on passenger demand. Nevertheless, it was also noted that uncertainty remained, including the incentives needed for investment and the overall response to the DCO application once it is submitted. As a result of the current delay, the Committee considered whether any of the existing assets were at risk of obsolescence due to the risk of re-work, noting that Management recognised an impairment of £10m in the prior year due to the delay, with no further amount recognised in the current year. Considering all factors in relation to expansion, including the legal and regulatory frameworks still in place, and noting the Board's continued support for the programme as evidenced by the reopening of the Interim Property Hardship Scheme in May 2021, the Committee agreed with Management and concluded it was probable expansion would occur. It therefore concluded it was appropriate to continue to recognise an asset in the course of construction, that no additional impairment was required at this time and that appropriate disclosures should be included in the financial statements. The Committee reviewed and approved the Task Force on Climate Related Financial Disclosures (TCFD) in the Annual Report and Accounts. The Committee also considered whether there were any indicators of material impairment over property, plant and equipment, expansion assets in the course of construction, goodwill and other intangible assets, investments in subsidiaries, investment properties and deferred tax assetsas a result of the potential physical and transition risks arising from climate change that were identified in the Task Force on Climate Related Financial Disclosures (TCFD).It was agreed that it was appropriate that no further impairments were recognised in the year as a result of this exercise.

Highlight [page 105]: Matters Impairment considerations - ongoing implications of COVID-19 At the end of each reporting period, the HAHL Group is required to assesswhether there is any indication that an asset may be impaired. Judgement is required in assessingthe impact of COVID-19 on forecasting and the value of assets in the Group. Fair value of investment properties The HAHL Group holds a variety of investment properties that are accounted for at fair value. In determining the fair value, judgement is required with regard to a number of valuation assumptions that include property rental growth rate, operating cost and expected yields. Valuation of the retirement benefit obligation The HAHL Group operates a defined benefit pension scheme with both open and closed sections. Assessing the defined benefit pension obligation requires significant estimate and judgement, in particular with regard to discount rate, inflation and mortality. Hedge accounting and IBOR reform The HAHL Group designates certain derivative financial instruments as cash flow hedges. Significant changes in the expected quantum of future Sterling refinancing may lead to insufficient Sterling borrowings to support components of the cash flow hedge reserve, requiring the recycling of the cash flow hedge reserves through income statement. Transition away from the London Interbank Offered Rate (LIBOR), and other IBORs, to alternative risk-free rates (RFR)represents a significant challenge to the HAHL Group. Ineffective change and strategic risk management could result in the invalidation of existing contracts as well as ineffective pricing of funds and fair value hedges. Fair value of derivative financial instruments The HAHL Group holds a substantial derivative financial instruments portfolio comprising interest rate swaps, cross currency swaps, and index-linked swaps which are accounted for at fair value. In determining the fair value, judgement is used to determine the recovery rate and associated reduction in credit risk of super senior ranking derivatives (interest rate and index-linked swaps). Exceptional items The Group separately presents certain exceptional items on the face of the income statement that impair the visibility of the underlying performance and trends between periods. Exceptional items are material items of income or expense that are considered to merit separate presentation because of their size or nature. They are not expected to be incurred on a recurring basis. Judgement is required in determining whether an item should be classified as an exceptional item or included within underlying results. Audit Committee review and conclusions "

::u ::u "Cl Due to the ongoing impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on operations. business performance and wider economic uncertainty the Committee reviewed and challenged the impairment assessment carried out by management for each cash generating unit ('CGU') identified. The Committee reviewed the assumptions and inputs used to calculate the enterprise value for each CGU and noted there was sufficient headroom when comparing the book value of assets to the valuation derived. In addition to this, the Audit Committee reviewed the assumptions and inputs used to calculate the enterprise value for entity level investments, including the judgement made in relation to the inclusion of a potential RAB adjustment. The Committee noted there was sufficient headroom and reviewed the disclosures made in relation to the judgements applied to the impairment analysis. The Committee challenged and approved the key assumptions with reference to expert third party valuation advice. The review included consideration of the sensitivity of the valuation to changes in the key assumptions. The Committee continues to note the sensitivity of the valuation to key assumptions. Further detail of this can be found in note 9. The Committee considered the methodology for the financial and demographic assumptions used in the calculation of the net defined benefit obligation. After receiving expert third party advice, the committee concluded that the assumptions adopted for 2021 were based on reasonable methodology and within an acceptable range. In addition, the Committee reviewed Management's assessment, supported by third party legal advice, that it was appropriate to recognise a scheme surplus in line with the requirements under IFRIC 14 and concluded that there was a reasonable basis to do so. The Committee continues to note the sensitivity of the valuation to key assumptions. Further detail of this can be found in note 20. The Committee sought quarterly updates on management's assessments, including justification of the key assumptions which support the Cash Flow Hedge Reserve and interest rate benchmark reform and transition. The Committee has considered the methods adopted to address the challenges faced by the IBOR transition. including the re-negotiation of existing contracts and the appropriateness of the new risk-free rates adopted. The Committee concluded that the assumptions adopted for 2021 were based on reasonable methodology. In addition, the Committee has reviewed Management's assessment of the overall lBOR impact to the Group and the associated disclosure in these accounts and deemed these to be appropriate. The Committee requested quarterly updates on the estimated fair value of open derivatives and justification of the valuation estimate. The current year fair value position was noted as being particularly volatile due to COVID-19 and global economic uncertainty. The Committee was satisfied that the volatility was being appropriately managed and did not risk the financial stability of the HAHL Group. The Committee continues to support management in its discussion with the International Financial Reporting Interpretations Committee to clarify whether it is reasonable to designate index-linked swaps as an inflation hedge under IFRS9. Further detail regarding the sensitivity of the year-end valuation to key assumptions can be found in note 18. The Committee reviewed the accounting treatment of exceptional items and agreed that the items listed in note 3 are exceptional in size and nature in relation to the Group and therefore it is appropriate to disclose them separately. The Committee noted that, of the £13 million provision as at 31 December 2020 relating to the business transformation programme, £11 million was utilised in the year.

Highlight [page 106]: REMUNERATION COMMITTEE oa:mmram (gmff1 @ml)a~ (MffitffiJH • Ernesto Lopez • Stuart Baldwin • Ahmed AI-Hammadi INTRODUCTION I took over as Chair of the Remuneration Committee·(the 'Committee') in June 2021 and am pleased to present the Committee's report for the year ended 31 December 2021 . The Committee is responsible for making recommendations to the HAHL Board concerning the Group's remuneration strategy, framework and policy, and approving the compensation packages for senior executives. To make the best decisions for the Group, the Committee receivestraining from specialists in areas such as pensions and equality, diversity and inclusion and takes advice from independent external experts who provide updates on legislative requirements, market practice and remuneration benchmarking, drawing on evidence from across the sectors in which the company operates and from other sectors. The Committee has clearly defined terms of reference. 106 The HAHL Group is an active equal opportunities employer. It promotes an environment free from discrimination, harassment and victimisation, where everyone receivesequal treatment and career development regardless of age, gender, nationality, ethnic origin, religion, marital status, sexual orientation or disability. All decisions relating to employment practices (including remuneration) are objective, free from bias and based solely upon work criteria and individual merit. Each year the Group publishes its Gender Pay Gap Report which can be found at www.heathrow.com, and for the first time, the 2021 report also includes the Group's Ethnicity Pay Gap. ROLES AND RESPONSIBILITIES The Committee is a sub-committee of the HAHL Board, and its responsibilities include approvals of: • The remuneration policy of the members of the Executive Committee and Senior Managers. • The compensation packages of the members of the Executive Committee including salary, bonus, pensions and other incentives. • The contractual terms for the members of the Executive Committee and independent Non-Executive Directors. • The design and terms of annual bonus plans. • The design and terms of long-term incentive plans. • The approval of the annual salary review of all employees in non-negotiated and negotiated grades (including budget level).

Highlight [page 107]: 2021 ACTIVITIES The Committee held four scheduled meetings during the year as well as five additional meetings in support of the Group's response to the ongoing impact of COVID-19 and in support of business recovery. Its main activities were: • Approved the outcome and payment of the 2018 SISGrant (Long Term Incentive Plan). • Reviewed the output of the Senior Leadership Talent Review. • Reviewed the Diversity and Inclusion Strategy. • Approved the 2021 Heathrow Gender Pay Gap and Ethnicity Pay Gap; reviewed progress made to date and the associated action plan. • Approved the terms of a two year Pay Deal included in the agreement reached with the Trade Unions to resolve the Industrial Dispute. • Approved termination terms for senior leaders. • Approved the compensation package for new members appointed to the Executive Committee. • Approved targeted retention arrangements for key senior leaders. • Reviewed the latest market practice of including ESG performance metrics in incentive plans. • Reviewed and approved the design of the 2021 annual bonus plans and 2021 Share in Success Grant and Saver plans. • Reviewed forecast performance of all active incentive plans. • Reviewed the People Strategy, progress against the 2021 delivery plan and 2022 key priorities. • Reviewed the Committee's effectiveness. • Reviewed and updated the Committee's terms of reference. • Attended three masterclasses hosted by external experts on topics including: pensions, equality, diversity and inclusion and reward trends and market practice. REMUNERATION AND COMPONENTS The Committee reviews Heathrow's remuneration structure each year to ensure that the framework supports Heathrow's strategic ambitions and rewards Directors fairly for the contribution that they make to the business. Remuneration is set with reference to the market and at a level that will enhance Heathrow's resources by attracting and retaining quality leaders who can deliver Heathrow's strategic ambitions in a manner consistent with its values, purpose and the interests of its shareholders. The remuneration policy reflects the complexity and significance of one of the world's largest airports. Executive Director's remuneration comprises a base salary, benefits, retirement provisions, annual bonus and long-term incentive plans. To ensure that remuneration is aligned to Heathrow's carbon and sustainability targets, Carbon ESGperformance metrics have been introduced in long-term incentive plans, focusing individual behaviour on making sustainable choices and rewarding sustainable outcomes.

Highlight [page 108]: EXECUTIVE AND WIDER WORKFORCE REMUNERATION POLICY TABLE The Committee takes into account fair pay and conditions across Heathrow's workforce when setting the executive Directors' remuneration policy. Pay components vary by an individual's organisational band (level in the organisation). The key components of the executive committee's remuneration relative to the wider workforce are summarised below: ' Component and purpose in supporting business strategy Basesalary Tosecureand retainquality individualsto deliver Heathrow's strategy. Benefits To comprise part of a marketcompetitive remunerationpackage. Retirement provisions To comprise part of a mark.etcompetitive remunerationpackage, rewardingsustained contributionand encouragingretention. Annual bonus Motivates the achievement of Heathrow's strategic ambitions,linkingthiswith annualmeasurable performancecriteriaand rewardingindividual contributionsto Heathrow's success. Executive committee' Base salaries are typically reviewed annually, and settakinginto account: • The role'sscope,responsibilities and accountabilities. • Remunerationbenchmarkingand Other management colleagues Basesalariesare reviewedannually,and settaking into account: • Therole'sscope,responsibilities andaccountabilities. • Remunerationbenchmarkingand competitive Negotiated grade colleagues Frontlinecolleaguesalariesare subject to collective bargaining with Heathrow'srecognised trade unions. competitive market practice. market practice. • Individualperformance. • Fairpayand conditionsacross Heathrow'sworkforce. Benefits indude cash travel allowance, private healthcare, private health screening, life assurance and income protection. The former Group defined benefit pension arrangement,the BAAPensionScheme,was closed to new members on 15 June 200B. The Schemeremainsopento futureaccrualfor those contributingmemberswho joinedpriorto the closure date. Pensionprovisionisavailablefor all new colleagues through a Defined Contribution Pension Plan, established on 16 June 200B. Colleague contribution rates are either 3%, 5% and B% of base salary, matched with an employer contribution of 8%, 10%, 12% respectively. The Chief Executive Officer receives a cash allowance of 30% of annual base salary having been granted protection by HMRC for the Lifetime Allowancefor pensions. Colleagues impacted by the Annual or Lifetime Allowance may opt for an Employer Pension Contribution equal to their Annual Allowance, if applicable, and the balance of the Employer PensionContributionpayableasa cashallowance. The executivecommitteeparticipatein the Heathrow Bonus Plan. The plan is measured against targets for EBITDA(75% weighting) and Gross Operating Expenditure (25% weighting). Subject to satisfying individual and financial performancecriteria,the maximumincentive opportunity is 100% of base salary for the Chief Executive Officer. This is paid in March of the following year. The Heathrow Bonus Plan was not launched in 2020 due to the impact of COVID-19, consequentlyno paymentwas madein March 2021. The 2021 Heathrow Bonus Plan, which is payable in March 2022, did not indude the individual performancemultiplier. • Individualperformance. • Fairpayand conditionsacross Heathrow'sworkforce. Eligibility for benefits is determined by an individual'sorganisationalband and includes some or all of: cash travel allowance, private healthcare,life assuranceand incomeprotection. The former Group defined benefit pension arrangement,the BAAPensionScheme,wasclosed to new members on 15 June 2008. The Scheme remainsopen to futureaccrualfor those contributingmemberswho joined priorto the closuredate. Pensionprovisionisavailablefor all new colleagues through a Defined Contribution established on 16 June 2008. Pension Plan, Colleague contribution rates are either 3%, 5% and 8% of base salary, matched with an employer contribution of 8 % . 10% . 12% respectively. Colleagues impacted by the Annual or Lifetime Allowance may opt for an Employer Pension Contribution equal to their Annual Allowance, if applicable, and the balance of the Employer Pension Contribution payable as a cash allowance. Management colleagues participate in the Heathrow Bonus Plan. The plan is measured against targets for EBITDA(75% weighting) and Gross Operating Expenditure (25% weighting). Eligibility for annual bonus and target bonus opportunity is determined by an individual's organisational band e.g., target value of 7.5% of salary. Subject to satisfying individual and financial performancecriteria,the maximumbonus opportunity for participants is 200% of target e.g., 15% of salary. This is paid in March of the following year. The Heathrow Bonus Plan was not launched in 2020 due to the impact of COVID-19, consequently no payment was made in March 2021. The 2021 Heathrow Bonus Plan, which is payable in March 2022, did not include the individual performance multiplier. Benefitsincludelife assuranceand incomeprotection. The former Group defined benefit pension arrangement, the BAA PensionScheme,wasclosedto new members on 15 June 2008. The Schemeremainsopento future accrual for those contributing members who joined prior to the closure date. Pensionprovisionisavailablefor all new colleagues through a Defined ContributionPensionPlan, established on 16 June 2008. Colleaguecontributionratesare either 3%, 5% and 8% of base salary, matched with an employer contribution of 8%, 10%, 12% respectively. Colleagues impacted by the Annual or Lifetime Allowance may opt for an EmployerPensionContribution equal to their Annual Allowance, if applicable, and the balance of the Employer Pension Contribution payable as a cash allowance. Frontline colleagues participate in the Airport Profit Bonus with payment determined by EBITDA performance. The Airport Profit Bonus plan was not launched in 2020 due to the impact of COVID-19, consequently no paymentwas madein March 2021.

Highlight [page 109]: Component and purpose in supporting business-strategy Long-term incentive plan Aligns the interestsof executiveDirectorswith thoseof our ultimate shareholders,rewarding long-termsustainable results,creating shareholdervalue and encouragingretention. Executive committee' Management colleagues Membersof seniormanagementparticipatein the Heathrow SISGrant (Long-TermIncentivePlan) designed to reward the most senior leadersfor the successof Heathrowovera three-yearperiod.Senior Managersare allocatedan awardwith a maximum facevaluedeterminedbyindividualorganisational band. Eachparticipant will receivea cashpayment provided that Heathrow meets agreed performance conditionsmeasuredovera three-yearperiod. Negotiated grade ;lll ---------------~-m ,:p 0 ;lll -I The executivecommitteeparticipatein the Heathrow Sharein Success('SIS')Grant (Long-TermIncentive Plan)designedto reward the mostseniorleadersfor the successof Heathrowovera three-yearperiod.Executive Directorsareallocatedan awardwith a maximum face value of 280% of basesalary for the Chief ExecutiveOfficer at the start of the plan.EachexecutiveDirectorwill receivea cashpayment provided that Heathrow meets agreedperformanceconditionsmeasuredover a three-year period. The SISGrant up to 2019 is subject to a performancegate and ismeasuredagainst targets for EBITDA(40% weighting), Airport ServiceQuality ('ASQ') score (30% weighting) and the return on RegulatoryAssetsBase ('RAB') for our shareholders(30% weighting). The 2021 SISGrant is measuredagainst EBITDA,Service,Carbon and Engagement.For eachperformancemetric,entry-level performanceresultsin zerovesting, target-level performance resultsin 50% vestingand maximumlevelperformance resultsin 100% vesting. Currently,there are two SISGrants in operation: • 2019 SISGrant: performanceis measuredover 2019 to 2021; payablein August 2022. • 2021 SISGrant: performanceis measuredover 2021 to 2023; payablein August 2024. The 2020 SISGrant was not launcheddue to the impact of COVID-19. The Committee can adjust the performance metricsandtargetsin appropriate circumstancesand mayimposedifferent eligibility and performance conditions on futureawards. To support the recoveryof Heathrow from the impact of COVID-19,the Executive Committee and Chief ExecutiveOfficer have beenawardedone off incentivegrants,which incentivisethe deliveryof metricsrelatingto businessrecoveryin 2021 and 2022. The wider colleaguepopulation are eligible to participate in the SISSaverplan, where colleagues have the opportunity to savein return for a bonus, subject to companyperiormance.To ensure all our colleaguesare incentivised to deliverthe samelong-term goals, the targets for the performancegateand metricsin the SISSaverplan are aligned with the targets of the SISGrant. The SISGrant up to 2019 is subject to a performance gate and is measuredagainsttargets for EBITDA (40% weighting), Airport ServiceQuality ('ASQ') score (30% weighting) and the return on Regulatory Asset Base('RAB') for our shareholders(30% weighting). The 2021 SISGrant is measuredagainst EBITDA,Service,Carbon and Engagement.For each performancemetric,entry-levelperformanceresults in zerovesting,target-levelperformanceresultsin 50% vesting and maximumlevel performance results in 100% vesting. Currently,therearetwo SISGrantsin operation: • 2019 SISGrant: performanceis measuredover 2019 to 2021; payablein August 2022. • 2021 SISGrant:performanceismeasuredover 2021 to 2023; payablein August 2024. The 2020 SISGrant was not launched due to the impact of COVID-19. The Committee can adjustthe performance metrics andtargetsin appropriatecircumstancesand may impose different eligibility and performance conditionson futureawards. To support the recoveryof Heathrow from the impact of COVID-19,Seniormanagementhavebeen awardedoneoff incentivegrants,whichincentivise the deliveryof metricsrelatingto businessrecoveryin 2021 and 2022. Managementcolleaguesnot eligible to participate in the SISGrant, are eligibleto participate in the SIS Saverplan, where colleagueshavethe opportunity to savein returnfor a bonus,subjectto company performance.Toensureallourcolleaguesare incentivisedto deliverthe samelong-termgoals, the targets for the performancegate and metrics in the SISSaverplan are alignedwith the targets of the SISGrant. Currently, there are two SISSaverplans in operation: • 2019 SISSaver:performanceis measuredover 2019 to 2021; payablein July 2022. • 2021 SISSaver:performanceis measuredover 2021 to 2023; payablein November2024. The 2019 and 2021 SISSaverplans are closedto new entrants. The 2020 SISSaverplan was not launched due to the impact of COVID-19. To support the recoveryof Heathrow from the impact of COVID-19,Managementcolleagueshave been awardedone off incentivegrants,whichincentivise the delivery of metrics relating to businessrecoveryin 2021 and 2022. Currently,there are two SISSaver plansin operation: • 2019 SISSaver:performanceis measuredover 2019 to 2021; payablein July2022. :!! • 2021 SISSaver:performanceis measuredover 2021 to 2023; payablein November2024. The 2019 and 2021 SISSaver plansare closedto new entrants. The 2020 SISSaverplan was not launched due to the impact of COVID-19. To support the recoveryof Heathrow from the impact of COVID-19,thewidercolleague population have been awarded one off incentivegrants,which incentivlsethe deliveryof metricsrelatingto business recoveryin 2021 and 2022.

Highlight [page 110]: POTENTIAL REWARD OPPORTUNITIES AT DIFFERENT LEVELS OF PERFORMANCE The graph below shows the Chief Executive Officer's total remuneration levels under the different performance scenarios: Minimum, Target and Maximum. The remuneration policy aligns a high proportion of total executive remuneration with the performance of the Group. s C: 0 ·.; l!! QI C: ::, E QI a:: 4,500,000 4,000,000 3,500,000 3,000,000 2,500,000 2,000,000 1,500,000 1,000,000 500,000 0 ~ : : Minimum Target Maximum II Fixed pay (:!1 Annual bonus Long-term incentives in operation Minimum: Fixed pay comprising of annual base salary, pension and benefits (at 31 December 2021). Target': Minimum plus annual bonus and long-term incentives in operation at the target level (annualised). Maximum': Minimum plus annual bonus and long-term incentives in operation at the maximum level (annualised). ' TheSISGrantwasnot launchedin 2020 due to the impact of COVID-19.

Highlight [page 111]: CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER REMUNERATION The table below presents the remuneration figures for the Chief Executive Officer for the years ended 31 December 2020 and 31 December 2021: ;::; ::0 m ,:, 0 ::0 -I Fixed Pay (£) Pension Benefits 21,922 226,191 Performance Pay (£) 2021 Chief Executive Officer John Holland-Kaye Salary Sub-total 1,002,083 Annual bonus 1 497,620 SIS Grant vesting 1 Sub-total Total 753,970 497,620 1,499,703 ' Acouedannualbonusto be paidin March2022. ' Expected2019SISGrantisnil dueto companyperfonnancetargetsnot beingachieved. Fixed Pay (£) Benefits Pension Performance Pay (£) 2020 Salary' Sub-total Annual bonus 2 SIS Grant vesting 3 Sub-total Total :!! z Chief Executive Officer John Holland-Kaye )> z l"'I 556,778 19,340 226,191 802,309 802,309 > > 11\ ' Aspartof the initiativesto protectthe financialresifienceof the businessfromthe impactof COVI0-19,JohnHolland-Kayeforfeitedthreemonthsof his2020salary. ' Therewasno 2020annualbonus. ' The2018SISGrant(basedon performancemeasuredoverthe threeyears2018to 2020)isnilasthe SISGrantentitlementwaswaived. POLICY FOR NON-EXECUTIVE DIRECTORS The Chairman and Independent Non-Executive Directors receive fees for their services and are not eligible to participate in benefit, pension or bonus and other incentive plans. The Committee approves the contractual terms, remuneration and compensation packages of the Chairman and Independent Non-Executive Directors. The Chairman and each of the Independent Non-Executive Directors have letters of appointment with the HAHL Group.

Highlight [page 112]: SUSTAINABILITYAND OPERATIONALRISK COMMITTEE @lilm~ (MIJMli1D • John Holland-Kaye • Luke Bugeja (represented by his alternate Ignacio Castejon Hernandez) • Olivier Fortin • His Excellency Akbar Al-Baker (represented by his alternate Ali Bouzarif) INTRODUCTION I took over as Chair of the Sustainability and Operational Risk Committee (the 'SORC') in November 2021 and am pleased to present the SORC report for the year ended 31 December 2021. The SORCcontinued to perform a valuable role reviewing Heathrow's policies, conduct, performance and risk-management.approach against sustainability goals and operational objectives during a challenging period. Amongst other things, the SORC reviewed the impacts and risks of the COVID-19 outbreak on the airport's operations, colleagues and passengers (on which it engaged with Public Health England); mitigations; and the development of Heathrow's 'Safe to fly Programme'. ROLES AND RESPONSIBILITIES The SORC is a sub-committee of the HAHL Board, and its responsibilities include: • Reviewing Heathrow's policies, conduct, performance and risk management approach against sustainability goals and operational activities. • Reviewing and challenging the performance and conduct of the HAHL Group relating to operational risks and delivery of sustainability goals. • Monitoring and challenging management over the effectiveness of the relevant internal control systems for which it has accessto any audit or assurance report it considers relevant. 112 • Reviewing and assessing management's response to significant operational incidents, for which it has access to any accident and investigation report it considers relevant. • Monitoring and challenging the appropriateness of sustainability and operational risk assurance strategies and plans, the execution and results of such plans, and relevant communications. 2021 ACTIVITIES The SORC held four scheduled meetings during the year, and its main activities were to: SAFETY • Review and advise on safety performance and the actions being taken to ensure compliance and improve fire, health and safety standards and to strengthen Heathrow's safety culture. • Review the impacts of the COVID-19 outbreak on Heathrow, including engagement with Public Health England, mitigations and the 'Safe to fly Programme', and the associated risks. • Review incidents, using the learnings to develop and promote best-in-class safety performance. • Considered the health and wellbeing of colleagues at Heathrow. • Review the Heathrow Expressand Aviation Safety Reports. • Approve Heathrow's Group Policies relating to Health and Safety, Acceptable Use of Information, Systems and Services, and Information Security. SECURITY • Review and advise on cyber-security strategy, cyber incidents and mitigation initiatives. • Review and advise on aerodrome security threats, security-improvement deliverables and consider the learnings from external and in-house assessments. SUSTAINABILITY • Review and advise on delivery of Heathrow 2.0 targets, in particular carbon, noise, air quality and waste, supported by a programme of internal and external engagement. • Consider the programme of activity to embed Heathrow 2.0 strategy within the business. RISK AND ASSURANCE • Review the principal risks to ensure alignment with the corporate-governance framework and strategy. • Provide challenge to the business with regards to relevant audit and assurance reports. • Review and advise on Brexit contingency planning. • Review Heathrow's 2021 Top 10 KPITargets. GOVERNANCE • Review the SORC'seffectiveness.

Highlight [page 113]: NOMINATIONS COMMITTEE ,_________ r INTRODUCTION ROLES AND RESPONSIBILITIES I am pleased to present the Nominations Committee (the 'Committee') report for the year ended 31 December 2021. The Committee met once during the year. The purpose of the Committee is to maintain an appropriate balance of skills, experience, independence and diversity on the HAHL Board. The Committee is a sub-committee of the HAHL Board, and its responsibilities include: • Identifying and recommending for the consideration of the HAHL Board all new appointments of Independent Non-Executive Directors. Ill -◄ ::u ~ m @JWB~ ~ • Luke Bugeja • His ExcellencyAkbar Al-Baker • Stuart Baldwin • Mike Powell 2021 ACTIVITIES " " "

::u ::u "O 0 ~ The Nominations Committee met once during the year to consider the appointment of an additional independent Non-Executive Director to the HAHL Board and recommended the appointment of Joan MacNaughton, who was appointed in June 2021. 113 ANNUAL REPORT AND ACCOUNTS 2021 :!! z )> z n .. .... Ill -◄ m The Committee also reviews the size, structure and composition of the HAHL Board and ensures that there is a robust and transparent process for the appointment of new Independent Non-Executive Directors. • Identifying and recommending for the consideration of the HAHL Board the appointment of the Chairman. • Ensuring a formal, rigorous and transparent procedure is followed for the appointment of new Independent Non-Executive Directors to the HAHL Board.

Highlight [page 114]: FINANCE COMMITTEE @mJID~ ~ • John Holland-Kaye • Javier Echave • Rt. Hon Ruth Kelly • • A Non-Executive Shareholder Director representing each shareholder entitled to appoint a Director to the HAHL.Board INTRODUCTION I am pleased to present the Finance Committee (the 'Committee') report for the year ended 31 December 2021. The Committee acts as both a HAHL Board Committee for the approval of matters relating to the financing of the HAHL Group and a forum for obtaining consents required from the Shareholders of FGPTopco Limited pursuant to the Shareholders' Agreement. This has been a particularly important year for the Committee as HAHL Group has been active in accessing capital and managing cash flow as it looks to build back better from the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic. The Committee's primary focus has been on ensuring the HAHL Group maintained sufficient liquidity at all times and its financial covenants were protected. The HAHL Group has navigated the challenges of COVID-19 and it was pleasing to see the HAHL Group retain its access to both the public and private debt markets throughout the year and successfully receive the support of creditors to waive the Heathrow Finance ICR covenant for 2021 in line with the existing package put in place in 2020. The ability to conclude the year with repayment of the RCFprovides optimism as to the robustness of the financial system as well as the HAHL Group as we head in to 2022. 114 ROLESAND RESPONSIBlLITIES The Committee is a sub-committee of the HAHL Board and is responsible for approving various matters relating to the Heathrow Group's debt financing arrangements, hedging strategies and treasury policies prior to their implementation, including approvals of: • Any prospectus or other listing document required in relation to the issuance of any capital markets instruments or any formal information memorandum in relation to borrowing by any member of the HAHL Group. • The borrowing of any money or the assumption of any indebtedness by any member of the HAHL Group (including by way of the issue of securities) in excess of certain financial thresholds. • The refinancing of any existing indebtedness in respect of any member of the HAHL Group in excess of certain financial thresholds. • The making of any repayments of principal in addition to scheduled principal payments on any debt that may be owing by any member of the HAHL Group. • Other than as required by the financing arrangements of any member of the HAHL Group, the making of any material loan or advance or giving of any guarantee, indemnity or provision of any credit, in each case in excess of certain financial thresholds. • The creation of, or the granting of any permission to create, any mortgage, charge, encumbrance or other security interest on any uncalled capital or on any asset, in each case in excess of certain financial thresholds. • Any material change, amendment or variation to any of the financing arrangements of any member of the HAHL Group or any request for any waiver thereunder or any entry into any new loan or loan facility, in each case in excess of certain financial thresholds. • Changes to Heathrow's treasury policies before going to the HAHL Board. • The entry into any new non-investment grade debt facility. • The bi-annual publication of investor reports in respect of Heathrow (SP) Limited and Heathrow Finance pie, pursuant to the requirements of the Common Terms Agreement and the Heathrow Finance pie financing arrangements. • The strategy for mitigating risks relating to the Group's financing arrangements as detailed in note 17.

Highlight [page 115]: 2021 ACTIVITIES The Committee held monthly scheduled and ad hoc meetingsduring the year, and its main activitieswere to review and/or approve: • Financingmitigation plans in responseto the impact of COVID-19 as listed below. • Debt funding for Heathrow, including bond issuances,credit facilities and private placements. • Heathrow'sFunding and Investment EngagementPlan. • The Heathrow (SP)Limited and Heathrow Financepie 2021 InvestorReports. • The baseprospectusand supplementsthereto for Heathrow Funding Limited. • Heathrow'sTreasuryHedging Strategy. • Heathrow'sPaymentand RevenuePolicy. • Heathrow'sResourcingand Cost Protection Plan. • Heathrow'sweekly FinancingDashboard. MITIGATION ACTIVITIES IN RESPONSETO COVID-19 PANDEMIC In responseto the COVID-19pandemic the Committee reviewedand approved the following activities: • A consent exerciseat Heathrow Financepie to waive the ICRcovenant for the financial year ending 31 December2021. • Raising£1.2bn of ClassA funding and £0.4bn of ClassB funding acrosspublic and private markets to extend the liquidity horizon and strengthen liquidity. • Repaymentof the RCFin full. • Completion of new interest rate swapsto help reduceinterest paymentsover the next few years.