
Highlight [page 7]: Corporate governance The Directors comply with the requirements of Section 172 Companies Act 2006 and the Wates Principles of Corporate Governance. How these requirements have impacted the Board's decision making throughout the financial year 2021 are detailed below. Note the below sections are with reference to the entire Holland & Barrett Group of which the top holding entity is LlR HB Holdings Limited ("Governance Group"). Holland & Barrett Retail Limited is the main UK trading entity. There is consistent management control across the Group and • management applies the same governance principles to each entity within the Governance Group, of which the Company is one. Therefore, the below references to the principles applied across the Governance Group have also been applied to the Company by its Directors. Section 172(1) statement a. The likely consequences of any decision in the long term The L lR Holdings Limited Board annually approves the five-year plan (2021-2025) and monitors its implementation throughout the year using detailed reports on operating and financial performance. This includes monitoring progress against key strategic programmes (both short-term and long-term) as well as considering the allocation of capital to support the rolling five year-business plan. The key strategic decisions by the Board and its impact upon the current year have been discussed within the Business Review of the Strategic Report on page 2. This financial year the focus of the board is on the delivery and execution of high standard retail disciplines to ensure our _customer proposition is well matched with customer needs. This is twinned with an efficiency progrnmme to optimise business performance given the scale of channel shift established in the financial year ended 30 September 2021. This will ensure H&B has a place in the market for future generations (Wates principle 1). In approving the strategy, the Directors considered ex1ernal factors such as competitor behaviour, as well as the evolving economic, political and market conditions.

Highlight [page 8]: The Directors understand the importance of the Group's employees to the long-term success of the business. The Group led by its Directors communicates to its employees through presentations, internal group-wide emails, newsletters, social media channels and posts on the intranet (known as the Hub). Local road shows are done throughout the year which provide a briefing on the Company's performance, gives an update on any initiatives that are being introduced and allows individuals to raise questions and concerns about purpose and strategy. These are focused around retail staff and done in several locations to ensure coverage of the estate. The key focus of this year's road shows was around new product lines, the benefits that come with these and how to ensure the customer gets the most out of them (Wates Principle 6). Holland & Barrett is committed to the development of its staff, allowing staff to complete qualifications to improve product knowledge. On successful completion of the training programme delivered through our state-of-the-art e-learning platform, colleagues attain a nationally recognised QCF qualification. Our commitment to training is paramount to ensure we safeguard our industry and support our colleagues in delivering excellent customer care above that of other health retailers. In addition to the formal training, the group has also introduced online compliance and training modules in softer skills to ensure the continual development of staff. Also, within the year the results of the employee engagement survey known as the "Voice" has been fed back to employees. This. survey allows the Group to actively gauge the impact of its principal decisions such as store investment and training programmes on employee engagement. Small working groups have been put in place to work on the outcomes and actively engage with each department on follow ups. In addition to the above, discretionary payments are made to employees linked to the Company's performance.

Highlight [page 9]: c. The need to foster the company's business relationships with suppliers, customers and others The Board regularly reviews how the Group maintains positive relationships with all of its stakeholders, including suppliers, customers and others. As seen in Wates principle 2 there is great variety on the Group board, this ensures a balanced approach to stakeholder management with significant industry knowledge to leverage with regard to decision making. The Directors understand the importance of the Group's supply chain in delivering the long-term plans of the Group. One of the ways we can ensure effective relationships with our supply chain is to pay them on time to agreed terms. To aid with this and improve on supplier communications we have launched the supplier portal in the year (see Wates principle 6). When it comes to their health and wellness, we want our customers to see Holland & Barrett as their most trusted partner. Our aim is to be recognised as an authority in providing health and wellness advice and information. We are using new partnerships, new formats, and new channels to spread the benefits of ethical well-being to our customers and provide them with personalised information for their individual health and well-being journeys. We want every engagement that our customers have with Holland & Barrett to feel as natural and as enjoyable as possible, whatever channel they use to interact with us. To that end, we are working on making our digital and physical stores places of discovery and inspiration. The Directors actively seek information on the interaction with stakeholders to ensure that they have sufficient information to reach appropriate conclusions about the risks faced by the Group and how these are reflected within the long-term plans.

Highlight [page 10]: d. The impact of the company's operations on the community and the environment Our purpose is to make health and wellness a way of life for everyone, and as a leading retailer of wellness products, we recognise our responsibility to do that in a way that supports our planet and the communities in which we operate. Our ESG prognunmes across Community Wellness, Planet Wellness and Product Wellness are closely aligned to the UN's sustainable development goals. They have been a guiding force in the way we've run our business for many years and for how we will continue to operate in the future. Community Wellness In 2020 we introduced the Pennies micro-donation platform to our stores and website, and to demonstrate our support and partnership to the NHS during the pandemic we have raised over £100,000 for NHS Charities Together. We have continued to work with Ocean Generation to raise awareness of the issue of plastic waste and waste in beauty, donating 5% of the profit from the sales of multi-use beauty face masks between Sept 6th - Dec 31st 2021.We also worked with The FelixrProject at the height of lockdown to help offer immunity support to the vulnerable in London, donating over 2000 units of Vitamin D tablets. Planet Wellness and Product Wellness Holland & Barrett has a long history in taking action to reduce its impact on the environment. In 2010, we were the first retailer to ban plastic bags (well before the government introduced the 5p levy). In 2019, we introduced biodegradable paper bags for all stores across the UK and Ireland. Although our paper bags do not provide a detrimental effect to the planet, they do use our precious natural resources and additional energy in the recycling process, that's why we charge a nominal fee of 5p or 7c per bag sold. We hope in doing this, it'll encourage customers to reduce their waste and think twice about single-use materials. We have also taken a stance on single use items, with the banning of wet wipes in 2019 and single use beauty sheet masks in our UK and ROI stores in 2021. We are working hard to reduce the impact our packaging has on the environment. We are working to eliminate the use of single use plastics and to introduce ways to reduce packaging, drive recycling and reuse. Holland & Barrett has offered unpackaged food for many years, through its popular 'pick n mix' category for fruits, nuts and seeds. Customers can buy product by weight using their own containers or use recycled brown paper bags. We have improved the packaging on our prepacked lines and have moved all our fruits nuts and seeds products into recyclable film packaging. We have also begun rolling out new packaging for our popular Vitamins, Minerals and supplements which are moving to be in 20% lighter RPET plastic bottles made with a minimum of 80% recycled plastic that are lightly tinted to maximise post-use when recycled. We are also introducing smaller sizes and getting rid of the plastic wrap around the cap to reduce our plastic use even further. Our Stores Support Centre, Distribution Centres, 85% of our stores in the UK and 26% of our stores in Benelux are now powered by renewable sources. We are proud to claim that we have been "Zero to Landfill" since November 2018, for our Burton manufacturing and distribution centre and for the vast majority of our store estate. We continually look at ways to limit waste across our operations. This year we launched our "Too Good to Waste" initiative in a bid to save over 370,000 food items from landfill each year. The scheme sees selected products with an e:q>ired"best before end" date being sold at a significantly discounted price in our stores.

Highlight [page 11]: e. The desirability of the company maintaining a reputation for high standards of business conduct The Directors take the reputation of the Group seriously which is not limited to only operational and financial perfonnance. For example, diversity and inclusion is a key part of Holland & Barrett's culture. The Board is committed to developing a more diverse workforce, including at the most senior levels. The Group has a zero-tolerance approach to Modem Slave!)', and we are committed to the prevention, deterrence and detection of Modem slavecy within our business and within our supply chain. It is our policy to conduct all business activities with honesty, integrity and at the highest possible ethical standards. We are fully committed to implementing and enforcing effective systems and controls within our business and within our supply chain to continually challenge our ability to combat Modem Slavery. Holland & Barrett has built a framework of measures to assess and monitor our supplier's conduct in respect to Modem Slavecy. The Group has taken steps to include specific prohibitions against the use of Modem Slavecy in our contracting process. f. The need to act fairly as between members of the company The Board is clear that good governance and effective communication are essential on a day-to-day basis to deliver our purpose and to protect the company's brand, reputation and relationships with all our stakeholder community including shareholders, customers, employees, suppliers and the local communities in which we work. Holland & Barrett is proud to be a trusted, ethical brand supplying our customers with products and advice in over 18 countries worldwide. We constantly innovate to meet our customers' needs, whether it is banning rnicrobeads from our products six years before the UK ban was introduced or investing in digital transfonnation to provide a world-class shopping experience. Continued investment in our business, from our digital platform to our product rnnge, has enabled us to continue to deliver consistent financial growth and long-tenn value for our investors. Wates Principles Principle 1- Purpose and leadership The focus of the board is to build on the perfonnance of the financial year ended 30 September 2021; the business has implemented a cross-functional propositional improvement and systematic operating model capability prognun to ensure the business is best able to deliver the future strategy with a growing digital presence, and build on the current momentum of Healthy Living. The Group is well advanced in developing action plans and engaging with our workforce. The next steps will be to provide the necessary training to be able to deliver these targets, as well as engaging with our wider stakeholders. In all internal communications all aspects of the business are considered. Whether this be distribution, warehouse or retail, a combination of all parts is given thought to establish end goals. All board members have agreed to a tenns of reference document which was enacted from the beginning of the financial year. This document contains best practises and guidelines which each board member will act within, for example on ensuring succession planning, delivecy of strategic objectives and allocation of capital.

Highlight [page 12]: Principle 2- Board composition The Board comprises an executive team of ten, with varied skillset, experience and knowledge. There is a separate Chairman and Chair of the Executive to ensure that the balance of responsibilities, accountabilities and decision making across the Group are effectively maintained, as well as a Chief Financial Officer, Independent Non-Executive directors and independent advisors. This size and composition is appropriate to our business. Independent advisors and Non-Executive Directors bring experience in health care, strategic development and professional services in addition to perspectives and knowledge of challenges from sectors that the group does not operate in. In addition to the non-executive members, other board members have experience in numerous retail businesses across many territories, manufacturing, technology and a wealth of other industries. The board is also made up of a split between both Holland & Barrett International Limited directors (management) and LlR HB Holdings Limited directors (owners), this ensures a fair approach on decision making. Diversity and inclusion is a key part of Holland & Barrett's culture. The Board is committed to developing a more diverse workforce, including at the most senior levels. The Nomination and Remuneration committee has been given a focus of this for the corning financial year. Review of the board is ongoing. As part of the terms of reference agreed to by all board members, there is an agreement to ensure the board is assessed for appropriateness. This is mainly managed by the parent entity. • ' Principle 3- Director responsibilities There are a number of regular meetings held throughout the year which involve different board members. These include bi-monthly meetings for the Executive Board, Audit Committee, monthly investment committee and quarterly nomination and remuneration committee. The Board receives regular and timely information (at least monthly) on all key aspects of the business including health and safety, risks and opportunities, the financial performance of the business, strategy, operational matters, market conditions and sustainability, all supported by Key Performance Indicators (KPls). The Board has developed within the year following substantial personnel changes. In the financial year ending 2021 areas of emphasis for the board have been around ensuring the longevity of the Group despite the COVID-19 impact. This has been managed and reviewed by identifying and adapting strategic priorities. Principle 4- Opportunity and risk The Board seeks out opportunity whilst mitigating risk. The company's key operational risks and how we mitigate them is outlined in the Strategic Report (and are denoted as 'Principal Risks' below). The Board also considers all major projects (as defined by their value and risk profile) and approves them before any bids are finalised. The Group takes a management-led risk assessment approach which reports into the Audit committee. The Internal Audit function partners with KPMG to provide the board with full accountability, aiding with the identification, remediation and mitigation of risk. An internal audit plan for the next financial year has been presented to the board. The strategic board is responsible for future opportunities. This is supported by the new ventures and strategy management teams. Along with H&B focus, our parent's LlR, support and partner with future opportunities offering their expertise to identify and succeed in managing nex1steps for the business.

Highlight [page 13]: Principle 5- Remuneration The Nomination and Remuneration Committee's primary objective is to set remuneration at a level that will enhance the company's resources by securing and retaining quality senior management who can deliver the Group's strategic ambitions in a manner consistent with both its purpose and the interests of its shareholders. The committee is chaired by a non-executive director, and meets quarterly to discuss, plan and agree remuneration strategy across the business. This includes pay, bonuses, long-term incentive plan and other benefits. The Gender Pay Gap report is reviewed by the chair of the Nomination and Remuneration committee, and an action plan is formulated for improvements. Management acknowledge there is a gap in female senior leadership across the Group, and hence are actively seeking more female senior managers, specifically around Digital and Technology. The Nomination & Remuneration Committee considers all reputational risks of all matters relating to remuneration. The committee consists of a non-executive director and an L lR director so is independent of H&B Group management. Principle 6- Stakeholder relationships and engagement The Board is clear that good governance and effective communication are essential on a day-to-day basis to deliver our purpose and to protect the company's brand, reputation and relationships with all our stakeholder community including shareholders, customers, employees, suppliers and the local communities in which we work. The Group communicates to its employees through presentations, internal group-wide emails, newsletters, social media channels and posts on the intranet (known as the Hub). As referenced above, local road-shows are done throughout the year which provide a briefing on the Company's performance, gives an update on any initiatives that are being introduced and allows individuals to raise questions and concerns. Quarterly briefings are given to the store-support centre staff from the senior management and executive teams. This provides employees with an update on financial information, new product lines, business strategy updates and any other new projects. In the financial year 2021, there has been a focus on re-aligning the short-tenn strategy to a digital focus, new product development and adapting to COVID-19 challenges. In addition to formal communication processes as above, there are employee helplines and whistle-blowing lines independently managed to support honest and open conversations between employee and employer. The Group has also introduced a share-point network in the financial year 2021 which has improved communications to colleagues containing both policy and other useful updates. This is an ongoing project with the hope more departments will make use and share information on the share-point site going forward. Also, within the year the results of the first employee engagement survey known as the "Voice" has been fed back to employees. The process is run by an exiernal company (Culture IQ) to maintain independence and anonymity. Small working groups have been put in place to work on the outcomes and actively engage with each department on follow ups. In regard to supplier relationships, the Group has re-launched the supplier portal within the financial year, along with issuing a new supplier manual and code of conduct. The board decided, that although not mandatory, the Grocer's code of conduct would be followed to allow for best practises to exist. Suppliers are currently going through the onboarding process with positive feedback. The supplier portal will also help with the monitoring of supplier compliance. The Group also actively participates and prioritises relationships with trade associations such as the Health Food Manufacturing Association to allow for best practices across the industry to influence the H&B group.