
Highlight [page 10]: Corporate Governance Honda Motor Co has adopted a "company with an Audit and Supervisory Committee" system with the aim of reinforcing the supervisory function of the Board of Directors and ensuring prompt decision-making. It has published the Honda Corporate Governance Basic Policies and reports in accordance with this in the Honda Motor Corporation Annual Report. The Board of Directors of the Company follows these principles through the adoption of Company-wide policies and procedures. From the year ended 31 March 2021, the _Companyadopted the Wates Corporate Governance Principles for Large Private Companies (published by the Financial Reporting Council ("FRC") in December 2018 and available on the FRC website). Honda strives to enhance corporate governance as one of the most important tasks for its management in order to strengthen the trust of our shareholders/investors, customers and society, to encourage timely, decisive and risk-considered decision-making and to seek sustainable growth and the enhancement of corporate value in the mid- to long-term, continuing to be a company that society wants to exist. Purpose and Leadership Honda Motor Co Limited has published its 2030 Vision which is to bring the universal passion of Honda to "serve people worldwide with the joy of expanding their life's potential." And toward this end, we will "lead the advancement of mobility and enable people everywhere in the world to improve their daily lives." The Board of Directors of Honda Motor Co determines the overall strategy and business model of the global Company based on this Vision. The mid-term plans are produced for a three year period and cascaded to the regions. The Company then produces its annual objectives in line with the mid-tern1 plan and global 2030 Vision. Board Composition The members of the Board of Directors are disclosed in the Directors Report and each director brings a different set of skills and experience ensuring the Board as a whole has a high-level of understanding of the Company's business needs and stakeholder interests. Director Responsibilities In line with the direction from Honda Motor Co, the Company's Directors sit on the European Risk Management Committee which in turn reports into the Global Corporate Governance Structure. In addition, the Directors are responsible for the application of Company-wide policies and practices and for ensuring compliance with specific legal and regulatory frameworks applicable in the geographies the Company operates in. This includes responsibility for statutory reporting and taxation matters. Opportunity and Risk The Directors recognition of the position in terms of Opportunity and Risk is outlined in the Strategic Report within the section on "Principle risks and uncertainties". Risks are identified by way of a bottom up approach with branches, subsidiaries and company divisions being asked to complete a self-assessment template on an annual basis. The top 5 risks are then kept under close review by the Risk Committee.

Highlight [page 11]: Remuneration Directors' remuneration is established under Company-wide remuneration principles established by Honda Motor Co, aligned with Company and individual performance and behaviours and subject to annual assessment and appraisals in the same way as all other employees of the Company. The Board of Directors does not have the authority to determine its own remuneration. The Directors have an obligation under the Honda Code of Conduct to declare conflicts of interest to the Board for consideration. Any such conflicts are then documented and managed in accordance with the requirement. Stakeholder relationships and engagement The Company is a 100% subsidiary of Honda Motor Co Limited. As explained in the Section 172 Statement below, the Board actively considers the interests of all stakeholders when detennining the strategic direction of the Company.