
Highlight [page 12]: Wates Corporate Governance Report The Company is an indirect wholly owned subsidiary of CK. Hutchison Holdings Limited ("CKHH", and together with its subsidiaries, the "CKHH Group"), a company whose shares are listed on the main board of The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited. The Company is engaged in the provision of mobile communications services in the UK. From its inception, the Company as part of the CKHH Group strives to attain and maintain high standards of corporate governance. It believes that an effective corporate governance framework is fundamental to promoting and safeguarding the interests of shareholders and other stakeholders and enhancing shareholder value. For the year ended 31 December 2021, under The Companies (Miscellaneous Reporting) Regulations 2018, the Company has adopted the Wates Corporate Governance Principles for Large Private Companies (the "Wates Principles"). Principle 1 - Purpose and Leadership The principal objective of the Company is aligned with the strategic goal of the CKHH Group to enhance long-term total return for its shareholders. To achieve this objective, the Company focuses on achieving recurring and sustainable cash flow and earnings growth and maintaining the Company's financial strength and stability. The Company seeks to meet its objectives through the execution of its strategic initiatives, primarily focused on the network and the business operating model transformation which together will provide the necessary platform for scaling the business. The Company's goal is to grow the business and provide better connectivity, every day, for every customer. The Company believes it will do this by having a trusted, reliable network that matches the best, providing richer experiences that make customer's lives better and always driven by satisfying customer's needs. Part of this has been achieved with the launch of the world's first SG-ready fully integrated cloud core network which supports growing the subscriber base. The Company is also in the process of transforming the business operating model. The Company will simplify, improve and expand customer experiences, while being agile and able to bring new opportunities to the market, enabling the Company to remain relevant in an ever-changing industry. The performance in the current year against the Company's goals is detailed in the 'Business Review and future developments' in our Strategic Report on pages 4-6.

Highlight [page 13]: Principle 1 - Purpose and Leadership (continued) The board of the directors (the "Board") is appointed by CKHH, the ultimate parent entity. The views of shareholders are clearly communicated through various channels. Whilst the Board is responsible for the overall direction and management of the Company, to ensure effective day-to-day management of the Company, it has delegated signing authority to certain senior officers and employees which is generally based on financial thresholds. In addition, to maintain an appropriate level of control over strategic and certain other activities; the Board has identified certain matters that can only be approved by themselves. The Board regularly reviews the signing authority and list of matters reserved for Board approval to ensure their appropriateness. The Executive Leadership Team ("ELT") and members of the Board meet regularly to discuss and review strategies, performance, business plans, budgets, and risk profiles of the Company. Whilst the Board is charged with the task of promoting the long-term success of the Company and making decisions in the best interests of the Company with due regard to sustainability considerations, the ELT is accountable for the conduct and performance of the Company within the agreed strategies. The Board together with the ELT instil and uphold the Company's objectives and strategies through the day-to-day operations and management of the Company. The purpose and strategy are shared with the general Company population via publications on the intranet, keynote speeches from the Company's ELT members and from senior leadership teams. Further, they are communicated across the business by different means and at different levels of detail dependant on the audience and needs of an individual's role. A decision-making framework exists outlining the forum which sets out the strategy and purpose, those empowered to execute the strategy and those who are informed on the progress of execution against the plan. The process is managed through the operation of multiple forums which act as governance whose remit is to ensure that the collective plan aligns with the overall Company strategy. The forums are made up of ELT members, some of whom are part of the Board, and senior level personnel from across the key directorate groups. Corporate culture in the Company clearly sets out the desired behaviours within Our Values, which are we focus on the customer, we work as one team, we go above the expected, we appreciate each other and we take responsibility. The Board and ELT recognise the importance of its role in setting the tone and embedding the behaviours in the corporate culture and values. The ELT team holds regular sessions to identify the behaviours the Board wants to observe in themselves and senior leaders across the business that will demonstrate the Company's values, which is regularly reviewed using external insight and self-reflection. Insight from the employee engagement surveys provides measures against the Company's values and is used as the key indicator of progress against cultural change ambitions. The Company's people strategy outlines the key initiatives which underpin our goals to attract, develop and retain the best, inspire an engaging, inclusive, high performance culture and champion a future-ready organisation. The key performance indicators identified are measured through several mechanisms including the employee engagement survey, exit interviews, employee feedback sessions as well as through external benchmarking via Qualtrics and Glassdoor.

Highlight [page 14]: Principle 1 - Purpose and Leadership (continued) The ELT leads on establishing transparent policies in relation to raising concerns about misconduct and unethical practices and embeds this education and awareness through annual mandatory training modules which include Diversity, Inclusion and Belonging, prevention of financial crime, Competition Law, General Data Protection Regulation, and Health and Safety in the workplace. Three are subject to the Financial Conduct Authority (FCA) regulations in respect of financial services activities we carry out, mainly payments. These regulations include the FCA's Senior Manager and Certification Regime ("SMCR") and the Conduct Rules for which the Company launched SMCR training in 2021. To ensure our employees understand these standards and their obligations, SMCR training is provided to all employees when they join the business as part of their onboarding process. Principle 2 - Board Composition As at 31 December 2021, the Board comprised ten directors including three alternate directors. In alignment with the board diversity policy of CKHH, the statutory directors in the Board have a diverse set of skills and expertise which include business management, strategic planning and risk management, financial reporting, legal and regulatory framework and industry knowledge/expertise. The positions of the Chairman and Chief Executive are being held by different individuals. The Chairman leads the Board and is responsible for its overall effectiveness, promoting open debates and facilitating constructive discussion. The Board, which comprises experienced professionals and the management of the CKHH Group, collectively demonstrates a high-level of understanding relevant to the business needs of the Company and stakeholder interests. The Board considers its current size and composition constitutes an effective Board appropriate to meet the strategic needs and challenges of the Company and ensures effective decision-making. The Company has not appointed any independent non-executive directors on the Board but is mindful of reviewing the need and making appropriate appointments as and when warranted. The Company arranges and provides learning and development training such as bespoke training modules, seminars, webcasts and relevant reading materials to directors. These help to ensure that they are apprised of the latest changes in the commercial (including industry-specific and innovative changes), legal and regulatory environment in which the Company conducts its businesses and to refresh their knowledge and skills on the roles, functions and duties of a company director. Attendance at external forums or briefing sessions (including delivery of speeches) on relevant topics is also considered development. The Board performance is assessed through the use of evaluation questionnaires. The results of these are reviewed by the Board with the objective of ensuring that the Board acts effectively in fulfilling the duties and responsibilities expected of it. The Board validates the Company strategy and oversees overall commercial performance. Business level operation and decision making is the responsibility of the ELT, which also covers the obligations and standards set out in the Code of Corporate Governance. As at 31 December 2021, the ELT comprised the Chief Executive Officer (CEO) and six functional directors who represent all business directorates, including Chief Commercial Officer, Chief Financial Officer, Chief Technical Officer, Chief People Officer, General Counsel & Regulatory Affairs Director and the Managing Director of Business. Subsequent to the year end, Chief Portfolio Officer was also added to the ELT.

Highlight [page 15]: Principle 3 - Director Responsibilities The Board, each director and the ELT have a clear understanding of their accountability and responsibilities. The Board is committed to achieving and maintaining the high standards of corporate governance structure, policies and practices of the CKHH Group, taking into account the business and regulatory frameworks within which the Company operates. Business plans and budgets are prepared annually by management of the Company and then subject to review and approval by the Board and the senior management team of CKHH as part of CKHH's five-year corporate planning cycle. The ELT and senior managers of the Company are also responsible for preparing monthly management reports on the financial results and key operating statistics of the Company. Monthly meetings are held with the senior management team of CKHH to review these reports, business performance against budgets, forecasts, significant business risks sensitivities and the strategies of the Company. The Board as a whole is responsible for promoting the long-term success of the Company and making decisions in the best interests of the Company in line with the agreed business plans and strategies. Information and other updates relating to the performance, business activities and development of the Company is provided to Directors, throughout the year by management of the Company. In meeting its responsibilities, the Board seeks to inculcate risk awareness across the Company's business operation and has put in place policies and procedures, including parameters of delegated authorities, which provide a framework for the identification, reporting and management of risks. The directors participate in the deliberation and approval of operational matters of the Company by way of written resolutions with supporting explanatory materials, supplemented by additional verbal and/or written information from the Company Secretary or other executives as and when required. Pursuant to the Articles of Association of the Company, a director who is interested in an actual or proposed transaction or arrangement with the Company is to be counted as participating in the decision-making process for quorum and voting purposes, subject to· the disclosure as is required by the Companies Act 2006 and the Articles of Association of the Company. In addition, directors have full access to information on the Company and independent professional advice at all times whenever deemed necessary and they are at liberty to propose appropriate matters for inclusion in Board agendas or the monthly meetings explained above. The Board considers that all of these robust corporate governance and internal control frameworks and Company leadership, working together, promote effective stewardship to deliver long-term value for the Company and its shareholders as a whole. The CEO is responsible for the careful consideration of the structure, size, diversity profile and skills makeup of the ELT, and the progress in achieving the strategic needs and challenges of the organisations as well as meeting the diversity objectives of the Company. The ELT runs regular reflection sessions where they evaluate the effectiveness and productivity of the ELT meetings and its members. The ELT meets monthly with the Chairman to review financial and commercial performance and align on strategy. A fully comprehensive monthly report is issued which provides detail of the Company performance and strategy which is typically presented face to face, via video conference or in-person, to allow for constructive dialogue.

Highlight [page 16]: Principle 3 - Director Responsibilities (continued) Upon appointment to the ELT, members of the ELT participate in an onboarding programme which includes an orientation of the Company's business and are provided with a detailed induction to the Group's businesses, strategic direction and governance practice by senior executives. The Board and the ELTis supported by two permanent activities: (1) the Weekly Operations Meeting where the business performance both operationally and financially is reviewed; and (2) monthly meeting of the local Risk and Compliance Management Board, where the key business risks are reviewed and actioned upon. Other board committees are established by the Board as and when warranted to take charge of specific tasks. There is an Audit Committee which is based at CKHH, reviews reports and provides input as and where appropriate to ensure effective risk management is in place. Principle 4 - Opportunity and Risk The Company is committed to the long-term sustainability of its business by regularly reviewing its business models and practises to identify opportunities for improving its performance and creating value for stakeholders. The Company, as part of the CKHH Group, adopts an Enterprise Risk Management (ERM) framework which is consistent with the Committee of Sponsoring Organisations of the Treadway Commission ("COSO") framework. The framework facilitates a systematic approach to identifying, assessing, managing, monitoring and reporting risks within the Company, whether strategic, financial, operational or compliance related. Risk management is an integral part of the day-to-day operations and management of the Company. There is ongoing dialogue amongst the ELT about the current and emerging risks, their impact and mitigation measures. Relevant risk information including key mitigation measures and action plans are recorded in a separate risk register maintained for and by each function of the business and key risks are periodically escalated to ELT members to facilitate the ongoing review and tracking of progress by the management team of the Company and the Board. The principal risks and uncertainties relevant to the management of the Company's strategy are in the Company's Strategic Report on pages 6-8. On a half-yearly basis, the Company is required to formally identify, assess and report on the significant risks its business faces. The details of key individual risks, existing mitigations, further action plans and progress against actions are collated on a separate risk register and risk categories are plotted on a risk heat map to show the Company's risk profile as at half year. This is presented to and confirmed by the ELT (and the members of the Board who are part of the ELT) and then is presented to the Audit Committee of CKHH. The Audit Committee, on behalf of the board of CKHH, reviews the Risk Management Report and provides input as appropriate so as to ensure effective risk management is in place across the CKHH Group and the Company. Principle 5 - Remuneration Following the remuneration policy of the CKHH Group, the remuneration of the Board (other than those representing CKHH) and senior executives of the Company is determined with reference to their expertise and experience in the industry, the performance and profitability of the Company as well as remuneration benchmarks from other local and international companies and prevailing market conditions. Most employees also participate in annual bonus arrangements which are determined in accordance with the performance of the Company and individual performance ratings. The Board considers that the remuneration structure of the Company aligns with the Company's objectives, values and strategies to support long-term sustainable success.

Highlight [page 17]: Principle 5 - Remuneration (continued) The remuneration of the ELT and the directors of the Board is set by the CKHH Remuneration Committee (the "Rem Co"). The remuneration of all senior executives of the Company is agreed with the Rem Co. For the rest of the employees, remuneration is agreed by the line manager and approved by two levels up from the line manager, but if outside of pay ranges, it will be approved by the ELT leader of the function. For senior executive n:,anagement and the ELT, the Company benchmarks remuneration each January . against the market using both, Willis Towers Watson and one of the big four FTSE250, or equivalent, benchmarks and also internal peer to peer comparisons. The annual bonus is determined based on the Company's performance for the year and individual awards are based on company and individual performance. The ultimate decision for ELT remuneration and bonus payments rests with the Rem Co which also approves the overall salary review and bonus pot for the whole workforce. This Rem Co meets towards the end of each year to determine the remuneration package of directors and senior management of the Company. The responsibilities of the Rem Co are to assist CKHH in the administration of a fair and transparent procedure for setting remuneration policies for all the directors in the Board, ELT and senior executive management. Prior to the end of the year, the Rem Co reviewed and approved the year-end bonus for all Company employees and the 2022 remuneration package of the ELT. Principle 6 - Stakeholder Relationships and Engagement The Board promotes engagement and communications with stakeholders. With support from the Board, the Company fosters and maintains ongoing dialogues with its key stakeholders, including employees, shareholders and investors, customers, business partners, suppliers, regulators, government, community groups and media partners. The Company actively encourages employees to express their views and has established various channels such as regular seminars and forums to facilitate communication with, and seek views from, employees. The Company also regularly collects views from other stakeholders through a variety of channels, such as through the employee engagement survey and customer feedback panels. The Company is committed to achieving and maintaining high standards of openness, probity and accountability. The whistle-blowing policy and mechanisms allow the employees of the Company and those who deal with the Company (e.g. customers and suppliers) to report to the Company with confidence any suspected impropriety, misconduct or malpractice concerning the Company. Cases reported are followed up independently and reported by the internal audit function of CKHH to the Audit Committee and executive management of CKHH. The Company has adopted a proactive approach to social, economic and environmental responsibilities. The Company takes pride in serving the community through its businesses and other initiatives. Please see below for more information.

Highlight [page 18]: Wates Corporate Governance Report (continued) Principle 6 - Stakeholder Relationships and Engagement (continued) Customers The Company has over 9 million active customers to whom it provides connectivity services across a range of pricing and payment options to meet their individual needs. The Company also deals with a further 1.7 million customers through relationships with mobile virtual network operators helping to expand the range and choice of providers in the marketplace. Understanding customers is crucial to the success of the business. Long-term strategies are underpinned by robust, nationally representative quantitative insight, putting the customer at the heart of the Company. The Company runs a continuous, agile product co-creation programme, speaking to customers to develop relevant new services and optimise the customer experience through customer usability testing. The extensive customer trials ensure the Company gets it right before launching mass market. Engagements with customers: Develop new products This year, the Company has been strengthening its SG products for both broadband and mobile phone users. Customer labs The Customer Lab is a community of 300 Three customers which enables the Company to elicit ongoing consumer insight. Regulators and government The Company engages on a regular basis with government, politicians and regulators to communicate the benefits of the digital connectivity that the Company provides. The Company also works with them to understand how changes to policy frameworks can help enhance the service provided to UK consumers and businesses. Engagement includes meetings with government ministers, regulators, policy-makers, consumer groups, think tanks, members of parliament, councillors and other political organisations and public bodies. There are also formal interactions including information requests and responses to policy consultations. Enabling SG rollout and enhancing connectivity in the UK The Company has been engaging with government and stakeholders to bring about much needed reforms to the planning process and the electronic communications code, which governs our relationship with our landlords. These reforms are essential for rolling out SG and the shared rural network programme, which is a joint partnership between government and industry to deliver 4G coverage to 95% of the UK geography by 2025.

Highlight [page 19]: Suppliers The Company works with around 850 suppliers and spends hundreds of millions of pounds with them every year. The Company's partners and suppliers are vital and help to meet the ever-changing needs of customers. The· Company recognises that partners contribute to culture and include them in social and other activities to ensure that they feel part of the Company. The Company is currently implementing advanced analytics tooling with integrated and independent validation capabilities to ensure that any risks or non-compliances are identified and managed proactively. Regular briefings - The Company holds regular briefing sessions with its key partners, so they understand and embrace the Company's culture and strategy and understand its objectives. Partnerships - The Company embraces deep working partnerships with its technology and service providers. Employees of partners work side by side with the Company's employees to ensure that the organisations are aligned. Risk Management - The Company regularly analyses supply risks in relation to market or political change to ensure business continuity. The Company works with Regulators and government bodies to ensure its supply partnerships remain compliant at all times with current and new regulations. Supplier Code of Conduct-All suppliers must adhere to a Code of Conduct which governs social, ethical, environmental and legal requirements. People The Company's most valuable asset is the workforce. The success of the Company is inextricably linked to how engaged the workforce is with the Company's strategy, how motivated they are and how happy they are inside and outside of work. A key part of the Company's strategy is to have a fully engaged workforce and create an inclusive, engaging and ambitious people culture. Engagement with people To enable two-way dialogue with its employees, the Company has an employee forum with representatives from each head office function and each area of the retail estate. Meetings are held at least 4 times a year with a member of the ELT. !n addition, the employee forum representatives hold "Tell us" sessions in their functions and feedback from these is given to the senior management of the function. The Company's values underpin workforce practices, such as performance management, assessment for recruitment and talent management of existing employees. There is also a recognition scheme which rewards employees displaying behaviours in line with our values. If employees have any concerns these can be raised via the Company's whistle-blowing policy which includes a confidential external phone line. Each function has a quarterly update around the financial and economic factors affecting the performance of the Company presented by the function's respective ELT member.

Highlight [page 20]: Wellbeing The Company promotes an environment that supports positive wellbeing to enable all employees to feel their best at work. Three has a network of 'Time to Talk reps' who are trained mental health first aiders to spot and help the people in need. Other initiatives include free subscription to Headspace mindfulness app, access to Digital GPs, a Company funded private medical offering for every employee, a financial education platform and additional leave to .attend special life moments like school sports days. We run various wellbeing events, talks and courses throughout the year focused on mental, physical, social and financial health. We also promote healthy working practices with policies and guides to ensure people take regular breaks and can disconnect from work. Employee Forum The Employee Forum meets on a regular basis and has direct representation through ELT and indirect representation with the Board to raise issues that are important to the workforce. Employee Engagement survey The Company regularly surveys employees anonymously, so they can provide feedback on what is working well and what is not. The survey is made available to every employee of the Company at least twice a year and consists of a number of questions in relation to an employee's life at the Company such as development or wellbeing. A high volume of these questions are benchmarked against other businesses. The survey measures engagement through five specific questions which can be benchmarked against a best in class performance. We also utilise surveys to measure employee experience at key moments in the employee lifecycle or for key change projects i.e. joining or leaving Three or to gain insight about future of work and flexible working. The insight from these surveys helps us to shape improvements and new initiatives. Diversity, Inclusion & Belonging The Company strives for Diversity, Inclusion and Belonging ("DIB") in every aspect of the Company's culture - from how things are done to the very values embodied. The Company believes building its diversity and sense of inclusion and belonging will help create a high performance driven people culture. The Company is working with the National Centre for Diversity (NCO) through their Investors in Diversity programme, on several key areas to promote diversity, inclusion and belonging. This consists of taking part in an annual diagnostic survey to show continuous improvement against their set of standards, as well as benchmark best practise from other companies. The first of these surveys took place in September 2020 and the insights helped create a roadmap for 2021. The second survey took place in December 2021 and significant improvements were reported against all areas. NCO have recommended that Three UK are awarded 'Investors in Diversity' status to recognis

Highlight [page 20]: our

Highlight [page 20]: achievements - this is currently going through an external validation process before being confirmed.

Highlight [page 21]: We have a DIB steering committee in place, which is made up of 12 diverse volunteers who have been selected as passionate, enthusiastic and experienced individuals who represent employees' voices from across the Company. They are responsible for setting the direction of the DIB agenda at the Company and what the key priorities will be. This is reviewed and approved by the ELT. The steering committee meet monthly and work closely with our employee resource groups; Women at Three, Pride at Three, Accessibility at Three and Ethnic & Cultural Diversity at Three, to offer employees a range of events throughout the year related to DIB. In January 2022 we launched DIB training for all employees, which will be completed annually henceforth. In 2021, we improved the amount of voluntary personal data we hold in regard to our employees age, disability, gender, race, religion, gender identity, marital status, parental status and sexual orientation. The process included consideration of General Data Protection Regulation risks and compliance with regulations through the use of already enforced policies on employee personal data. Community and environment The Company believes that companies have a responsibility to positively impact the society in which they operate. Through another unprecedented year, the Company looked to engage with a large number of people and groups to ensure they can keep connected whilst ensuring they are using technology in a way that supports people to make their lives better. Some of the initiatives this year included: Keeping connected through COVID-19 To help some of the most vulnerable, and their families, the Company continued to work with several charities throughout the country to supply equipment and access to a digital connection. The Company has worked with the government to meet the challenges of the COVID-19 outbreak by supporting government initiatives and users of its network in the following ways: Free access to the National Health Service ("NHS") website and 111 non-emergency help line; Free access to the new dedicated NHS Test & Trace 119 help line; Worked with the Ministry of Justice to allow free access to several victim support and domestic abuse support services; Worked with the Department for Education to provide the most disadvantaged children across England with unlimited data to allow them to continue with their education on line when schools are closed; Worked with the Oak National Academy to zero-rate access to their site, so that using the site will not count towards a customer's data allowance; Worked with the UK government to send a 'Get Boosted Now' SMS to all customers on Boxing Day;and Through a Benevolence Fund scheme, the Company was able to donate over 1,200 tablets, phones, SIMs and mobile broadband devices to 49 charities for the vulnerable, charities for children, schools and education providers, care homes and NHS Trusts.

Highlight [page 22]: Samaritans The Company joined forces with Samaritans with an aim to connect 1 million people to emotional support over a three-year partnership. Using the Company's technology, retail stores and expertise, it is hoped it will allow more people to access emotional support, 24/7, 365 days a year. In March 2021, the Company launched its 'Better Phone Friend' campaign to highlight the importance of listening whilst promoting the Samaritans SHUSH listening tips. In July 2021, the Company was the headline sponsor of Samarathon, Samaritans' flagship fundraising event, where participants are encouraged to get active and run, jog or walk 26 miles over the month. There has also been a number of fundraising_ events where the company encouraged employee participation which included the London Marathon, Great North Run and Reading Half Marathon. Discovery Due to the ongoing impact of COVID-19, the Company's discovery programme which delivers free digital skills training courses to communities, businesses and individuals that are digitally excluded from society, continued to deliver training sessions online as well as in person where restrictions allowed. Online sessions included getting started with lnstagram, sending your first tweet, starting a blog, tips for taking photographs and navigating new software updates. The sessions empower and educate people of all ages and abilities to develop some of the core skills needed for a digital world. From digital job hunting and security, to vlogging and coding, the Company now offers over 40 different courses, which will continue to evolve as new technology gains ground. Environment We're committed to limiting the effect we have on the environment, including: • Protecting the environment from harm and limiting the effect that our business operations have on the local and global environment; • Measuring our carbon emissions and setting a carbon reduction strategy to further reduce our carbon emissions; • Regularly reviewing operations and arrangements to identify opportunities to reduce waste streams and promote opportunities to reuse and recycle materials; and • Engaging with and encouraging our people, partners and suppliers to reduce their environmental impact. As part of CK Hutchison Group Telecom Holdings Limited's group comapnies, we are in the process of setting a net zero target. Over 80% of the Company's energy in 2021 was part of a renewable electricity supply contract. In October 2019 Three UK signed a 100% renewable electricity contract for UK electricity supplies where the Company were responsible for purchasing the electricity directly from a supplier. Please note, for some of our buildings (including stores and network) we do not appoint the energy supplier directly so we are liaising with stakeholders regarding renewable electricity usage at these sites. In 2021, we formed our very own sustainability group - the Green Team. It is an employee forum with champions in each of our business areas and locations who help to shape our green initiatives and establish best practices.

Highlight [page 23]: Principle 6 - Stakeholder Relationships and Engagement (continued) In 2021, our transition commenced from office premises in Reading and Maidenhead to a new building at Green Park - a business park in Reading within 195 acres of landscaped grounds - the largest of its kind in the UK. The new office at Green Park achieved a BREEAM New Construction (2014) rating of excellent. The solar photovoltaic panel system is expected to generate c.17,400 kWh of renewable energy per year. The new office also has PIR controlled LED lighting and electric vehicle charging points for staff and visitors. In addition to excellent thermal efficiency the building includes an intelligent building management system (e.g. BMS) controlling heating, ventilation and cooling. Waste is segregated (with bins for general, dry mixed recycling, cardboard and food waste) and is collected from site and weighed using Radio Frequency Identification Chips. We have a zero waste to landfill strategy in place at Green Park. We are also on a mission to reduce single use plastics across the business. We are improving returns packaging, removing plastic wrap on pallets, and changing the way we do things, so we don't need plastic bags.

Highlight [page 25]: P