
Highlight [page 42]: Corporate Governance ~ 0 The group has applied the Wates Corporate ~overnance Principles for · Large Private Companies (published by the Financial Reporting Council ('FRC') in December 2018 and available on the FRCwebsite), under The Companies (Miscellaneous Reporting) Regulations 2018, for the year ended 31 December 2021. Where appropriate the group additionally looks to follow corporate governance best practice in line with expectations of a regulated bank proportionate with its scale and size. The following describes how the principles of the Wates Corporate Governance Code have been met. Additional information on the governance structure and processes underpinning the group's capital and risk management can be found in the Pillar 3 disclosure • document. Principle 1 - Purpose and Leadership The group's purpose, as set by the Board, is to serve our clients globally as the Commodities and Financial Markets hub of ICBC and is underpinned by values of; Integrity, Openness, Prudence, Innovation and Excellence. The purpose and values align directly with the desire of the group to maintain a reputation for high standards of business conduct. Consistent with these values, the Board sets and oversees a culture, conduct and compliance agenda which supports the way that the group does business. In addition, during the year the Board approved the adoption of the ESG (Environment, Social and Governance) vision statement which summarises that the group is committed to enabling our clients to pursue our shared goals of social and economic development, and environmental sustainability. An annual detailed strategic review and planning session is factored into the Board timetable and provides the Board with an opportunity to assess and, if necessary, re-direct the group's strategic priorities. When making decisions on the strategic priorities, the Board considers the consequences in the long term with a view to grow and strengthen the sustainability of the business. The group has a rolling four-year business plan which is updated, reviewed, and approved, by the Board at least annually. The Board receives a culture dashboard as part of the quarterly chief executive's report and progress on culture and conduct is factored into the balanced scorecard review of the bank's performance by the Remuneration Committee ·on an annual basis. Principle 2 - Board Composition The Board is led by an independent non-executive Chairman and there are a further eight non-executive directors, three of whom are also independent. In addition, there are four executive directors including the chief executive. A list of the current Board directors and former

Highlight [page 43]: irectors who served during 2021 is provided above. The Board recognises the importance of diversity and that it is a much wider issue than gender. The Board agrees that its members should collectively possess the broad range of skills, expertise and industry knowledge, business and other experience necessary for the effective oversight of the group's business. Two of the three Board committees are chaired by female independent non-executive directors and four nationalities are represented on the Board. The Board Remuneration Committee reviews proposed director appointments in accordance with suitability requirements and provides feedback to shareholders on proposed director appointments. There is a tailored induction programme for all new directors. Periodic Board skills self-assessments are carried out which assist with identifying Board training areas and also inform skills to be strengthened in future director appointments. In addition, periodic Board effectiveness evaluations are undertaken with the results used to inform discussions between the Chairman and individual directors, assisting the Chairman in strengthening effective performance of the Board. A Board effectiveness evaluation led by the senior independent director assisted by the Company Secretary has been scheduled to take place during 2022. Principle 3 - Director Responsibilities The Board's mandate, which is reviewed annually, includes the Board's purpose, its authority, powers of delegation and terms of reference and also details its operations. The Board's key responsibilities include to: • agree the group's objectives and the strategies and plans for achieving these; • ensure that an effective risk management process, including a robust and prudent risk appetite statement, exists and is maintained; • ensure that an adequate budget and planning process exists, that performance is measured against budgets and plans, and approve annual budgets for the group; • articulate and maintain a culture of risk awareness and ethical behaviour for the group to follow in pursuit of its business goals; • ensure that reporting to the Board and/or Board committees is comprehensive across prudential requirements as well as conduct of business; • assume ultimate responsibility for regulatory and legal compliance; • assume ultimate responsibility for the integrity of accounting and financial reporting systems, the approval of financial statements, oversight of capital and liquidity adequacy including approval of Internal Capital Adequacy Assessment Process (ICAAP),Internal

Highlight [page 44]: Liquidity Adequacy Assessment Process (ILAAP)and Recovery and Resolution plans (RRP). • review and approve the Operational Resilience self-assessment and provide oversight of operational performance against impact tolerances; and • oversee the group's responsibilities and response to Environmental (including climate change) and Social Governance ("ESG") matters, such as reporting and disclosures, strategy development and setting risk appetite. The Board has quarterly scheduled Board and Board committee meetings over a two-day period and additional ad-hoc meetings are arranged as required. The presence of four independent non-executive directors with extensive industry experience provides valuable independent challenge, which aids effective decision making. The Board also holds an additional Board Strategy day in the fourth quarter of the year, the output of which informs the updating of the Business Plan. The Chairman is responsible for leading the development of and monitoring the effective implementation of policies and procedures for the induction, trainirig and professional development of all members of the Board. In this regard, Board members have participated in internal training and briefings during the year. Directors also supplement formal meetings and training with regular Executive engagement meetings relevant to their roles. Directors are also accountable for personal continued professional development planning, linked to their roles and specific portfolios and all directors have access to the advice and services of the Company Secretary and may, if they wish, take professional advice at the company's expense. During the year, the Board delegated certain specific oversight and decision making to the following sub-committees: Board Audit Committee This independent non-executive board committee monitors the processes for identifying, evaluating and managing risks and controls. In particular, this includes the quality, integrity and reliability of financial and accounting control systems. The committee's other responsibilities are to review the scope of work of external and internal audit, to receive regular reports from internal audit and the external auditors and to review the financial statements focusing in particular on accounting policies, and areas of management judgement and estimates. The committee has scheduled quarterly meetings plus ad-hoc meetings as required and met a total of eight times during 2021 .. Membership: Judith Eden (chair), Isabella da Costa Mendes, Garry Jones and Andrew Simmonds. Board Risk Management Committee This non-executive board committee provides an independent review and challenge to the group's risk and compliance policies and the composition of the risk portfolio, its concentrations and the risk-taking

Highlight [page 45]: decisions of the group, covering all aspects of risk including market, credit, country, liquidity, operational, business and reputational risks. The committee is kept apprised of the group's plans to implement the management of financial risks arising from climate change. The committee oversees the formulation of a robust and prudent risk appetite statement, its ongoing adherence and monitors the implementation of corrective actions in event of a breach. The committee is also responsible for providing independent oversight of compliance across .the group. The committee complements the audit committee which also studies, inter alia, risk controls and their operation, but from a different perspective. The committee has scheduled quarterly meetings plus ad-hoc meetings as required and met a total of four times during 2021. ....embership:Jsabella_da_Costa-Mendes-(chair-),-Judith-Eden,-Andilei-------Kenneth Fihla, David Hodnett, Yabing Hu, Garry Jones, Li Li and Andrew Simmonds. Barend Kruger and Lubin Wang served on this committee during the period until resigning as directors of the company. Board Remuneration Committee This non-executive board committee approves remuneration policy and long-term incentive schemes for staff, sets the remuneration of executive directors and other senior executives, and approves guidelines for the group's annual salary and incentive reviews. The committee also acts in an advisory capacity to review and provide feedback to shareholders on proposed candidates for director appointments, including consideration of knowledge, skills and experience. The committee normally meets at least three times a year and had five meetings during 2021. Membership: Garry Jones (chair), Judith Eden, Andile Kenneth Fihla, Ruixiang Han, Li Li and Andrew Simmonds. Barend Kruger and Lubin Wang served on this committee during the period until resigning as directors of the company. Board IT Committee This Board committee was newly formed in February 2021 with the purpose of assisting the Board in discharging its duties in relation to oversight, at the strategic level, of the group IT environment across the following areas: • Technology strategy support and execution oversight • Technology governance and resilience • Cyber security and cyber resilience • Technology investment • Enterprise data management • Regulatory interactions • Digital transformation and e-commerce

Highlight [page 46]: The committee compliments the Board Audit Committee and Board Risk Management Committee and the latter continues to oversee IT Risk. Membership: Garry Jones (chair), Isabella da Costa Mendes, David Hodnett, Yabing Hu, Philip Hurley, Wen bin Wang and Shoujiang Wang. Executive Committee This committee is responsible for the day-to-day management of the group. Subject to the overall authority of the Board, the committee meets regularly to develop business strategy, initiate and review strategic initiatives, review and recommend business plans to the Board, monitor financial performance against budget, monitor risk, oversee key capital management and liquidity planning documents and all matters related to regulatory responsibilities. The committee reviews the viability early warning indicators on a monthly basis and ensures appropriate actions are taken. At its monthly meetings the committee also reviews the activities of its sub-committees. The committee has scheduled monthly meetings and additional ad-hoc meetings take place as required. • Membership: The committee comprises executive directors and certain senior executives. The members of the committee at the date of this report.are Wen bin Wang (Chair and Chief Executive), Philip Hurley (Chief Risk Officer), Binliang Jin (Alternate Chair, President and Head of Global Markets), Shoujiang Wang (Deputy General Manager), Bradley Duncan (Chief Finance Officer) and Pamela Hacker (Chief Operating Officer}':-Other key business and functional heads are also standing attendees. The major sub-committees supporting the Executive Committee in fulfilling its responsibilities during the year were the asset and liability management committee, risk management committee, regulatory compliance committee, counterparty risk management committee, new products and significant transactions approval committee, transaction acceptance committee, investment and change committee and Asia and New York regional management committees. Principle 4 - Opportunity and Risk Long term strategic opportunities are considered by the Board as part of its annual strategic review and planning cycle. The Board sets the group's risk appetite statement and delegates to the Chief Executive and executive management team responsibility for pursuing business opportunities in line with the agreed business strategy, within the risk appetite. Opportunities identified by executive management which are either extraordinary or outside of usual strategy and/or risk appetite are escalated to the attention of the Board. New business opportunities are subject to rigorous internal governance and approval processes supported by specialist executive sub-committees such as the new products and significant transactions approval committee and the transaction acceptance committee, with oversight from the Executive Committee.

Highlight [page 47]: The Board has ultimate responsibility for the oversight of risk and capital planning and liquidity management and also regulatory and legal compliance (including conduct risk). The Board delegates certain responsibilities to the Board Risk Management Committee and Board Audit Committee, as summarised earlier in this report. The principal risks to which the group is exposed together with the mitigating actions are set out in the strategic report. Information on risk management, including the governance structure of the risk management framework, stress testing and detailed risk category descriptions and analysis, is included in note 37 to the group's annual financial statements.

Highlight [page 47]: Principle 5 - Remuneration

Highlight [page 47]: cribe

Highlight [page 47]: d-abo11e-;th-e-soard-de-Ie-gates-oversigntof remu neratIon

Highlight [page 47]: policy and practice to the Board remuneration committee. The group's remuneration policy statement is included within its consolidated annual report (see pages 47 to 48) and covers remuneration governance process, principles and strategy, and also the application of policies in relation to discretionary incentive awards, deferral and adjustment. Principle 6 - Stakeholder Relationships and Engagement In consideration of their responsibilities under section 172(1) of the Companies Act 2006 the Board has defined its key stakeholders as shareholders, employees, regulators, clients, suppliers, community and environment. Details on stakeholder relationships and engagement are included in the Strategic Report. Approved by the Board and signed on its behalf by