
Highlight [page 20]: Corporate Governance Arrangements Corporate Governance Statement The Company is a private company, whose primary regulator is the Bank of England, therefore the Company must comply with the Bank of England's standards when it comes to corporate governance. Due to the heavily regulated nature of the Company and its business, the Company does not align itself to a single governance code, rather it adopts corporate governance arrangements which are based on the requirements of the Committee on Payments and Market Infrastructures ('CPMI') and the International Organization of Securities Commissions ('IOSCO') Principles for Financial Market Infrastructures ('PFMls'). In particular, it has been articulated in regulation such as the European Market Infrastructure Regulation (as incorporated into UK law under the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018) ('UK EMIR') and applicable requirements of the Company's US regulators; the Commodities and Futures Trading Commission and the US Securities Exchange Commission that the Company is obliged to adhere to the PFMls. These principles are part of a set of standards that the international community considers essential to strengthening and preserving financial stability and are developed specifically for central counterparties and are therefore considered by the Board to be appropriate for the Company. The PFMls cover a broad range of matters including detailed corporate governance arrangements and risk management processes. On an annual basis the Company is required, by its primary regulator, the Bank of England, to conduct a self-assessment of its performance against the PFMls and the results of which are published on the Company's website. In addition, the Company also takes into account other legislation, codes and guidance in relation to corporate governance, including: UK Corporate Governance Code The Wates Corporate Governance Principles for Large Private Companies Financial Reporting Council Guidance on Board Effectiveness and Audit Committees Prudential Regulation Authority - Corporate Governance: Board Responsibilities The s 172 statement in the Strategic Report gives information on the Company's main stakeholders. A) Board composition, leadership and director responsibilities Purpose and leadership The Company is a clearing house and offers secure, capital-efficient clearing, risk management and physical delivery services. The Company offers multi-asset clearing across four exchanges and the CDS market. The Company is part of Intercontinental Exchange, Inc. (NYSE:ICE). As a Fortune 500 company that designs, builds and operates digital networks, ICE connects people to opportunity. It provides financial technology and data services across major asset classes that offer its customers access to mission-critical workflow tools that increase transparency and operational efficiencies. ICE operates exchanges, including the New York Stock Exchange, and clearing houses that help people invest, raise capital and manage risk across multiple asset classes. ICE's comprehensive fixed income data services and execution capabilities provide information, analytics and platforms that help its customers capitalise on opportunities and operate more efficiently. ICE Mortgage Technology is transforming and digitising the U.S. residential mortgage process, from consumer engagement through loan registration. When assessing new Directors, the Nominations & Compensation Committee consider a range of factors. Under the Articles of Association, independent directors only become eligible for retirement by rotation if they have served at least three consecutive years, and can subsequently be reappointed for two further three-year terms (i.e. up to nine years in total), unless the Company passes an ordinary resolution to extend their appointment further. A written resolution signed by the sole shareholder of the Company will be effective as if an ordinary resolution were passed at a general meeting of the Company for this purpose.

Highlight [page 21]: CDS Directors retire and may offer themselves for reappointment on an annual basis. There are no restrictions to the number of terms a CDS Director may serve. Board Composition In accordance with the Company's Articles of Association, there must be at least six and no more than twelve Directors. UK EMIR requires the members of the Company's board ('the Board') to be constituted of at least one third independent directors, which is also replicated in the Company's Articles of Association. The Board is currently comprised of nine directors of whom three have executive roles within the Company or the Group, five independent non-executive directors. one of whom, Mr. Mack, is currently appointed as the Senior Independent Director ('SID'), and one CDS director. Ms. Serafini is the President and Executive Director of the Company and Messrs. Sprecher and Edmonds both have executive responsibilities within ICE Group. lndivid1,.1alsare selected as Directors based on their skills and prior experience and are reviewed and recommended for appointment by the Nominations & Compensation Committee prior to approval by the Board. The Nominations & Compensation Committee considers a wide range of factors ensuring the Board is comprised of Directors with diverse backgrounds as well as appropriate skills and experience in financial services, risk management and clearing services to enable the Board to meet the ongoing needs of the Company. Accountability The Board is accountable through the Companies Act 2006, the Company's Articles of Association, other laws and regulations applicable to the Company and the requirements of the Company's regulators. In addition, the Board has identified certain matters which cannot be delegated, and these are set out within the Board's Terms of Reference / Matters Reserved. Each year the Board completes an evaluation of its performance, the performance of its committees and individual directors' contribution. Integrity of information It is the duty of the Company Secretary to ensure that Directors receive reliable information to enable them to monitor and challenge the performance of the Company and make informed decisions and also to oversee the systems that ensure that good quality information flows within the Board and its committees and between senior management and Non-Executive Directors. Tone at the top and organisational culture The Board and management team set the cultural tone from the top and hold all colleagues accountable for operating ethically and in compliance with law, financial regulations and other standards that apply. Colleagues are provided with the relevant tools, resources and training to aid success and to identify ethical and risk informed decision-making; highly capable and engaged teams are of critical importance. The Company applies a code of conduct, which is based on the Group's core competencies, and outlines how all indiviq_ualswithin the Company, Directors and staff, should operate. The code of conduct also sets out the expected standards when doing business. The Company is an equal opportunity employer and all qualified applicants will receive consideration without regard to race, colour, religion, gender, sex1,1alorientation, gender identity, national origin or ancestry, a~E;,disability status, or other protected status. The Group's core competencies are an important part of the strong culture of compliance and trust. The core competencies are: Collaboration, Problem Solving, Communication, Integrity & Professionalism and Leadership.

Highlight [page 22]: Audit Committee The Audit Committee is a committee of the Board, responsible for providing oversight and assurance to the Board in relation to annual financial statements and financial reporting, legal, compliance and financial crime, internal audit and external audit. The Audit Committee is comprised entirely of independent directors and meets five times per annum and ad hoc as necessary. Client Risk Committee As reql)ired under Article 28 of EMIR, the Company has established an advisory Board level risk committee; the Client Risk Committee ('CRC'). The CRC is responsible for providing advice to the Board to enable it to ensure that the Company maintains and implements appropriate risk management pqlicies, processes and controls in line with regulatory requirements. The CRC is comprised of three independent directors, four Clearing Member Representatives and four Client Representatives and meets five times per annum and ad hoc as necessary. Board Risk Committee The Board Risk Committee ('BRC') is a committee of the Board, responsible for providing oversight and assurance to the Board in relation to risk policies, risk appetite and risk profile, internal controls and risk control framework, liquidity, technology operations, technology governance, cyber risk and b1,.1siness continuity planning, and the -Risk Oversight Department and Chief Risk Officer ('CRO'). The BRC is comprised entirely of independent directors and meets five times per annum and ad hoc as necessary. Information on the Company's principal risks and risk management is provided in the Strategic Report. Nominations & Compensation Committee The Nominations & Compensation Committee is a committee of the Board and is responsible for providing oversight to the Board in relation to the statutory, regulatory and corporate governance requirements regarding composition of the Board and its committees, succession planning for both Board and senior management, appointments and/or re-appointments to the Board and compensation matters, including; the review and application of the Compensation Policy as per the requirements of UK EMIR (which is available on the Company's website). The principles of the Compensation Policy are to promote sound and effective risk management and not create incentives to relax risk standards. Staff engaged in the Risk Oversight Department, compliance, and internal audit are compensated in a manner that is independent of the performance of the business of the Company. The Nominations & Compensation Committee is chaired by the Board Chair and comprised of four independent non-executive directors and a (non-independent) non-executive director. It meets three times per annum and ad hoc as necessary. Product Risk Committees As well as the Board level risk committees, the Company has established two advisory Product Risk Committees ('PRCs') which service the CDS and F&O sides of the business, both of which are constituted under the President's authority. The CDS PRC is comprised of appointees nominated from CDS Clearing Members, independent directors and a representative of the Company. The CDS PRC Chair is an independent non-executive director of the Company. The CDS PRC's responsibilities are limited to the clearing of CDS contracts and the criteria for CDS clearing membership and aim, on behalf of the CDS clearing membership as a whole, to ensure the Company maintains and implements agreed procedures, processes and controls which are designed to protect the integrity of the CDS Guaranty Fund and to ensure that the Company can successfully handle the default of a CDS Clearing Member. The CDS PRC is also responsible for advising on the continued

Highlight [page 23]: or CDS contracts, and reviewing the clearing of new CDS contracts. • The F&O PRC is comprised of appointees nominated from F&O Clearing Members and an independent director. The F&O PRC Chair is an independent non-executive director of the Company. The F&O PRC's responsibilities are limited to the clearing of F&O contracts. and have been established such that the F&O PRC can provic;leadvice and input on behalf of the F&O Clearing Membership on company practices with regard to the controls designed to protect the integrity of the F&O Guaranty Fund, manage coI,mterparty and market risk, and to ensure that the Company could successfully manage the default of a F&O Clearing Member. The F&O PRC also c;:onsidersthe risks of F&O contracts, products and service offerings with novel risk features. Executive responsibilities The executive responsibility for the day-to-day management and operations rests with the President. The President delegates responsibilities to the senior management team in accordance with the relevant individual's roles and accountability. There are two Executive level committees; the Executive Risk Committee ('ERC') and the Model Oversight Committee ('MOC'). Executive Risk Committee The ERC is a committee constituted under the President's authority. The members of the ERC are senior management from across the business. The role of the ERC is to consider and review key aspects of risk management and to assist the CRO in ensuring all risks are captured and appropriately managed. Where appropriate, the ERC makes recommendations to the Board or other committees within the Company. Model Oversight Committee The MOC is a committee constituted under the President's authority. The members of the MOC are senior management from across relevant areas of the business. The MOC considers and reviews key aspects of model risk management, in accordance with the Model Risk Governance Framework, assisting the CRO to ensure all model-related risks across the Company are captured and properly managed. Where appropriate, the MOC makes recommendations to the Board or other committees within the Company. B) Risk Management and Oversight The Company's overarching approach to risk-management is designed to ensure that it is safe and sound in all market conditions. The Board assumes final responsibility and accountability for managing the Company's risks, which are administered according to its enterprise risk management framework, which is overseen by the Board Risk Committee. This framework provides a structured and disciplined approach towards identifying and managing risk inherent in core business processes and decision-making activities. In particular, the enterprise risk management framework establishes the three lines of defence model, where the appropriate roles, responsibilities, and governance incentives are defined. The President assists the Board in establishing an appropriate risk appetite which is consistent with the Company's legal and regulatory requirements, short and long-term strategy, business and capital plans and risk capacity. The articulation of the risk appetite into the business areas is achieved through the Risk Appetite Framework, Risk Appetite Statements and Risk Appetite Metrics. The Board and senior management ensure that the Company's policies and procedures are consistent with the defined Risk Appetite Statements and Risk Appetite Metrics and that they address how the Company identifies, reports, monitors and manages risks. Each risk appetite metric is calculated on a predetermined frequency and routinely reported to the Board and BRC along with regular reports on the Company's risk exposure, emerging risks and compliance throughout the year. The Company's core risk management policies, procedures and control systems that form part of the risk management framework are reviewed at least annually, althowgh there are several components of the risk

Highlight [page 24]: assessment and testing program that are undertaken more frequently, for example quarterly. In addition, risk management practices and methodologies are tested for effectiveness on a regular basis as part of the routine daily and monthly risk reporting processes. Updates to these typically happen either as a result of the reviews or on an ad hoc basis initiated by owners. Ad hoc changes are typically prompted by new initiatives and business activities, regulatory changes, changes in market practices or changes in the risk environment and there are several processes to ensure that reviews of the policies, procedures and control systems are triggered. Regulatory changes are also reviewed through business review and periodic testing through the Company's Compliance Monitoring and Testing Program. Changes in the risk environment are monitored on a continuous basis and through routine daily and monthly reporting and any changes required are assessed in order to determine their significance in relation to the risk profile and risk appetite of the Company. C) Financial Reporting Process Management is responsible for the preparation and integrity of the financial statements and for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting. The financial statements are prepared in accordance with Financial Reporting Standard ('FRS') 102, the Financial Reporting Standard applicable in the United Kingdom and the Republic of Ireland and, accordingly, include certain amounts based on best judgments and estimates. Internal control over financial reporting is designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of the financial statements. Internal control over financial reporting is supported by a risk management program of internal audit and appropriate reviews by management, written policies and guidelines, careful selection and training of qualified personnel and a written Global Code of Business Conduct, which is applicable to all directors and employees. Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements and even when determined to be effective, can only provide reasonable assurance with respect to financial statement preparation and presentation. Share Capital For details on the share capital and ownership of the Company see notes 20 and 24 respectively. The Ordinary Shares are not redeemable and carry full voting rights and rights to dividends. All Ordinary shares shall rank pari passu on a winding up of the Company In relation to voting rights, a shareholder has one vote at a general meeting of the Company on a show of hands unless and where a poll is duly demanded in accordance with the Articles of Association a shareholder will have one vote per share. In relation to dividends, any dividend will be paid by reference to a shareholder's holding of shares or otherwise in accordance with the Articles of Association. Streamlined Energy and Carbon Report The Company's Streamlined Energy and Carbon Report ('SECR') disclosures are presented at an ICE UK Group level in the financial statements of ICE Europe Parent Limited, registered company number 7295772, which will be publicly available via Companies House prior to 30 September 2022. Future developments On 8 February 2022 the European Commission adopted a decision to extend temporary equivalence for UK central counterparties until 30 June 2025. The Company will continue to seek to improve the service it provides to its members and will clear any new products developed and launched by the execution venues it serves, together with additional CDS contracts.