
Highlight [page 9]: UK Corporate Governance Code Overview IKEA Limited ("IKEA") is subject to reporting requirements under the Companies (Miscellaneous Reporting) Regulations 2018 (MRR). These include a requirement to make a statement stating which corporate governance code IKEA applies for its governance arrangements (and how the code is applied, including explanations for any departure from application), and if no code is applied, why and what governance arrangements are in place. IKEA has chosen to apply the Wates Corporate Governance Principles for Large Private Companies 2018 (Wates Principles), which comprise six key principles. This statement provides an account of how IKEA applies the Wates Principles in its corporate governance arrangements. In addition, IKEA's parent company, INGKA Holding BV ("INGKA"), has a bespoke governance framework which applies to INGKA Holding BV and its subsidiaries, including IKEA. Full details on INGKA's governance framewor1<is available in their Annual Summary and Sustainability Report, which can be found on their website ingka.com/this-is-ingka-group/annual-report. The Wates Principles IKEA complied with all of the six key Wates Principles set out in the MRR for the period under review. To keep this report concise, we will focus on the key governance issues only. IKEA's compliance with key areas of the Wates Principles are summarised below, together with cross references, where applicable, to the relevant sections of this report where more information can be found. Purpose and leadership: information on how IKEA have an effective board that develops and promotes the purpose of a company, and ensures that its values, strategy and culture align with that purpose can be found in the Strategic report on pages 2-5. Board composition: IKEA have an effective board composition and this is reflected by an effective chair and a balance of skills, backgrounds, experience and knowledge, with individual directors having sufficient capacity to make a valuable contribution. The IKEA Board is comprised of five members, with a mix of executive and non-executive directors from IKEA Limited, IKEA Retail Services AB, lngka Services AB and lngka Services B.V: Stefan Vanoverbeke, Deputy Retail Operations Manager (Chairperson), Peter Jelkeby, CEO & Chief Sustainability Officer (Organiser), Marzanna Deblinska-Hajdas, Business Navigation Business Partner (Member), Constantinos Mourouzides, Country Chief Financial Officer (Member) and Charlotta Bengtsson, Legal Counsel Manager (Member). Directors' responsibilities: the IKEA Board and individual directors have a clear understanding of their accountability and responsibilities. The individual directors have been trained and fully understand their statutory duties set out in the Companies Act 2006 and, in accordance with these duties, all directors are required to act in good faith and promote the success of the Company for the benefit of its stakeholders. More information of how the directors promote the success of the Company can be found in sections "Better Planet", "Better Lives" and "Better Homes" of the Strategic report on pages 2-3. Opportunity and risk: the IKEA Board ensures a sustainable business through consistent. profitable growth and driving a culture of continuous improvement in standards and performance. It is responsible for agreeing the strategy and corporate vision in a way that maxi mises value creation and manages risks. ~I material new strategies are considered and approved by the IKEA Board. The IKEA Board has delegated responsibility to the Risk Committee for reviewing and advising on the current risk exposure of the Company and future risk strategy. Remuneration: The IKEA Board has delegated responsibility to the People Committee for determining remuneration policies and procedures. The People Committee is responsible for establishing and reviewing the remuneration policy and approach and this is presented and approved by the IKEA Limited Board or Directors. The People Committee ensures that changes in remuneration are fair and consistent, performance-based where appropriate and take into account external benchmarl<ing. The Company operates a performance related bonus scheme named "One IKEA Bonus" (OIB). The principles and rewarding parameters of OIB follow relevant guidelines from INGKA Group and are approved by the IKEA Limited Board of Directors. Remuneration for directors and senior management is also approved by the I KEA Limited Board of Directors. Stakeholder relationships and engagement: information on how the directors have had regard for the Company's Stakeholders, and the effect of that regard, is included in the Strategic report on pages 2 to 5.