
Highlight [page 28]: CORPORATEGOVERNANCESTATEMENT Although the Company has more work to do, to fully align with the Wates Principals, it has complied with the spirit of the six principles as follows: 1. Purpose and leadership The Company's own unique purpose to 'inspire beautiful living spaces.' It does so by the manufacture and distribution of quality decorative paints and coatings. This purpose is at the heart'of all we do and is driven by both our Executive and Senior Leadership in conjunction with our colleagues. Aside from the 5 Pillars explained on page 1 of the Strategic Report, the Company's future success an_d sustainability relies on the behaviours of all colleagues within our . organisation. Those behaviours are outlined in the AkzoNobel Code of Conduct. 2. Board composition At the time of signing this Report, there are four male directors on this Board. From 1 January 2021 to 31 March 2022, the Company had .one female senior executive on the Board. The directors are aware that the Company is well below its targets in respect of diversity and inclusion on the Board and understands that candidates for Board positions can only be chosen from the pool available at management level. Therefore, there are targets in place for the Company and wider organisation to attract more female and gender diverse •individuals at an earlier lt:vel in their career in order to grow their ambitions to Board level. The Company is currently revie_wingproposals to introduce a formally appointed Chairperson to the Board, from another business unit or function, to drive broader thinking and bring challenge to decision-making opportunities that are presented to the Board. The size of the Board is appropriate for a Company with.a £583million turnover value. 3. Director responsibilities The aoard has a programme of quarterly meetings scheduled each year. At every meeting governance, risk and HSE are standing agenda items. The Company's key areas of focus for 2021 are set out on page 1 of the Strategic Report. The directors receive regular, timely information on HSE, risks ~d opportunities, th~ Company's financial performance, key contracts and sustainability which are supported by the KPis presented on pages 4 to 5. The Board has completed the 2021 valuation negotiation with the Pension Trustees and continues to be consulted on its Schemes as Principal Employer. The Company has approved its Modem Slavery Report 2020, 2021 Tax Strategy and Gender Pay Gap Report, which can be found at : www.dulux.co.uk. /en/akzonobel-modem-slavery-statement www.akzonobel.com/en/countnes/akzonobel-uk---ireland/comorate-govemance

Highlight [page 29]: 4. Opportunities and Risks • The Company's key risks and opportunities are outlined on page 12 of the Strategic Report. The Board considers all material contracts and approves them prior to signature. Day-to-day risks and opportunities are ma~aged by the UK & Ireland Management Team and.relevant actions are reported to the Board on a quarterly basis, or sooner ifrequired. Global and market risks are managed at a central level as part of the EMEA Decorative Coatings Business Unit Strategy. 5. Remuneration The Company follows the AkzoNobel Directive for Rewards and performance-based pay. The globally approved standard for job evaluation is the Hay methodology. All middle management and executive positions will be evaluated as per this methodology only. The Performance & Development Dialog (P&D Pialog) provides the basis for acknowledging performance differentiation and linking ·-individual performance with compensation. The link between the P&D Dialog and compensation will apply to base salary development and the setting of personal objectives for short term incentive/bonus. Material changes in local Rewards programs that apply to executives are subject to review by the Center of Expertise Rewards ("CoE") prior to implementaticm. Approval decisions for executive positions also require involvement of the Global CoE Rewards to ensure compliance with the. Rewards Directive and Rules. 6. Stakeholder Relationships and Engagement Information regarding the. Company's relationship wjth its stakeholders and levels of enga·gement can be found on page 22 of the Section 172(1) Report.