
Highlight [page 15]: Corporate Governance Introduction The Companies (Miscellaneous Reporting) Regulations 2018 require certain large companies to include a statement as to which corporate governance code has been applied and how. ASDA qualifies for this disclosure and has chosen to adopt the Wates Corporate Governance Principles for Large Private Companies (published by the Financial Reporting Council (FRC) in December 2018 and available on the FRC website), which incorporates 6 key principles; Purpose & Leadership, Board Composition, Director Responsibilities, Opportunity & Risk, Remuneration and Stakeholder Relationships & Engagement. The narrative below discusses the governance arrangements of IPL, who have not formally adopted a corporate governance code but due to the interaction with our parent company we have decided to follow, where appropriate, the principles applied by ASDA under their adoption of the Wates Corporate Governance • Principles. The Statutory Board of IPL ("The Board") is described in the section 172 statement included within the Strategic Report and details of directors who have served during the year are included on page 1 of these financial statements. Purpose and Leadership Our purpose 'The ASDA customer is at the heart of everything we do' is clearly defined and supported by critical success factors. This purpose underpins our strategy, operating practices and approach to risk as defined in the Strategic Report. This purpose has been developed in accordance with our parent company and is communicated to colleagues and features in most internal communications. Expected behaviours are aligned with our critical success factors, with colleagues appraised not only on what they have delivered but how they have _delivered against these behaviours. These behaviours are defined as "STEP" values (supportive, trailblazing, engaging and principled) and are embedded across the business. They underpin the formal annual colleague appraisal process. Formal annual appraisals take place between the colleague and their line manager, with a half year review as a minimum. These behaviours are key to IPL's culture and are embedded in the Company's ways of working. These behaviours are exhibited by the Board and various mechanisms have been adopted to ensure these behaviours are communicated to colleagues, such as through inductions, ongoing training, appraisals and company-wide briefings. IPL also seeks to recruit colleagues who are aligned to these values. IPL has clearly defined procedures for colleagues to report misconduct and other unethical behaviour. Colleagues can report ethics violations via email, our ethics hotline or through our compliance team. The methods for reporting are publicised around our offices and operational sites. Reports can be made anonymously and are confidential. Furthermore, the IPL Group operates a policy ofno retaliation to protect our colleagues and encourage them to report any unethical behaviours, without the threat of repercussion. The ethics policy is aligned to the STEP behaviours noted above. The independence of IPL' s ethics reporting procedures is achieved by reports being made directly to the ASDA Ethics Team.

Highlight [page 16]: IPL Board communication to colleagues ofIPL's performance and key business news is delivered through a variety of methods including weekly 'snapshot' briefings and company-wide email communications from the directors and the colleague communications team. IPL is also committed to supporting the wider community and its external shareholders. For further details, please see the section 172 statement within the Strategic Report. Board Composition During the period our Board was made up of six members, two of which were on the ASDA Senior Leadership team. The Board meets quarterly and makes key decisions which are carefully considered, and if deemed appropriate, implemented by the Operational Board and Senior Management team. There is no formal chair role, separate to the role of Managing Director (who effectively acts as chief executive of the Company). The Managing Director leads the Board and is responsible for its overall effectiveness, promoting open debate and facilitating constructive discussion. He is also responsible for ensuring that the Board has appropriate information and sufficient time is made available for Board discussions. The size and composition of the Board is appropriate for the size of the business. In particular, the Company's key business functions are represented on the Board and each director is skilled and experienced in the function that they represent. IPL Board Members come from a broad base of experience and knowledge, with backgrounds in Operations, Retail, Finance and Legal. This ensures the decisions relevant to the Company are being made in a diverse forum. The diversity of thought and expertise provided by the respective Board members promotes balanced and holistic decision-making which assesses the impact of decisions on the various stakeholders' who have an interest in the business and who are affected by the decisions made. The structure of the Board enables effective long-term decision making which in turn supports the delivery ofIPL's strategic objectives. The effectiveness of the IPL Board is considered as part of the Executive appraisal process, and the scrutiny, review and support provided by our parent company, ASDA, provides an appropriate amount of independent rigour and challenge to the operation and decisions of the IPL Board. This includes participation in appointments to the executive board, monitoring the effectiveness of the board through routine and structured dialogue including regular visits and appropriate corporate governance sign-off procedures. Furthermore, the Managing Director, Group Finance Director, and Group Corporate Services Director each have individual reporting lines into ASDA, which provides an additional degree of independence. Board members have a formal appraisal process twice annually which considers performance and reward. Furthermore, there are periodic evaluations of the constitution and effectiveness of the Board and additional appointments are made where necessary to deliver the appropriate diversity and expertise. IPL is committed to on-going professional development of its employees, which includes Board Members. This is delivered through a variety of means, such as development days and various Company and ASDA training courses, which ensure that employees of the Company (including the Directors) have the most up to date knowledge and skills to ensure they are effective in their roles. For further details of how the Board engage with the Company's stakeholders and promote the success of the Company, please refer to the section 172 statement within the Strategic Report. Director Responsibilities Responsibilities are made clear to directors prior to appointment and many have previously held board positions. Furthermore, the directors observe detailed corporate governance procedures and policies. This sets out clear guidelines as to which internal stakeholders within IPL and ASDA need to be aware of or involved in decision making on a relevant matter, ensuring that there are appropriate checks and balances before making decisions - this in turn ensures independent challenge on significant decisions where appropriate. The policies in place are reviewed periodically.

Highlight [page 17]: The Board has established robust internal processes, such as independent review and corroboration of reported financial balances, which ensure the systems and controls in place are operating effectively. This ensures the quality and integrity of information provided to the Board, which allows for better and more informed decision making. Directors receive regular mandatory training on areas such as health and safety, our Statement ofEthics and Anti-Corruption compliance. Opportunity and risk In order to promote the long-term sustainable success of IPL, the Board identifies both risks and opportunities to achieving this. IPL is part of the overall ASDA risk management programme which facilitates identification, mitigation and ongoing monitoring of risk. The policies that facilitate delivery of the risk management programme are developed and overseen by ASDA. Please see the Strategic Report for full details of the risks identified and assessed. The IPL Operational Board (members of which are defined within the section 172 statement within the Strategic report) meets monthly to assess progress against key strategic initiatives and opportunities. This allows the company to create and preserve value in the long-term and engage other stakeholders where opportunities are identified. The IPL Operational Board also report to the Statutory Board on the key value opportunities, which allows further visibility and review. IPL has a well-established internal control framework with clearly defined policies and procedures published on our intranet site for all colleagues to access. Where appropriate we have embedded relevant ASDA policies throughout the IPL Group. Remuneration Ow: parent company, ASDA, is involved in the remui;ieration and policies that affect the Directors of the Company. Remuneration for Directors is aligned with the performance of the company and achievement of company purpose and critical success factors both in terms of annual results and the long-term sustainable success of the company. Bonuses for both Directors and the Senior Management team are set on annual metrics including parent company sales and profit along with IPL cost control. This ensures a balanced focus on meeting our purpose 'The ASDA customer is at the heart of everything we do'. The Directors were on a bonus scheme with ASDA metrics during the period to drive coherent group strategy. Furthermore, a long term incentive scheme is in place for colleagues at grade Senior Manager and above who have remained in the business for over 3 years to reward loyalty and to retain key colleagues. Stakeholder Relationships and Engagement IPL's parent company, ASDA, is engaged through a variety of means. The IPL Board are the primary communication route between IPL and senior leaders at ASDA. As described above, there are multiple reporting lines directly into ASDA, to ensure that certain areas of the IPL business operate with a degree of independence and have the benefit of additional checks and balances from ASDA. This objective is also achieved through the ASDA corporate governance framework and ensures engagement with ASDA prior to proceeding with certain types of business. For more information regarding how we consider our key stakeholders in our decision-making process and the effect of our key decisions on these stakeholders, please refer to the detail set out in our Strategic Report.