
Highlight [page 18]: Corporate Governance report For the year ended 31 December 2021, the Company has applied the Wates Corporate Governance Principles for Large Private Companies (published by the Financial Reporting Council ('FRC') in December 2018 and available on the FRCwebsite) to meet its new corporate governance reporting requirements und~r The Companies (Miscellaneous Repprting) Regulations 2018. The Directors set out below how the Company has applied the principles over the past year..

Highlight [page 19]: Principle 1 - Purpose and leadership The Company's vision is to deploy disruptive technology and scientific innovation to help customers and key stakeholders advance health.care and improve patient outcomes. Our.solutions help customers.innovate with confidence, maximise opportunities and, ·_ultimately, drive healthcare· forward. We support the life sciences industry across the full product lifecycle,. from molecule to market. Together with our life sciences . and National Health Service (NHS) customers, we aim to enable a more modern, effective healthcare system, and to create breakthroug~ solutions. that transform patient outcomes . .The Directors promote the Company's vision to all employees by integrating this into our intern.al documentation, such as our Code of Conduct, which our employees are required to periodically review. The Board of Directors (Board) is committed to maximising long-term stakeholder-value while supporting management in ·the business and operations of the Company, observing ethical standards, and.adhering to the laws of the jurisdictions within which the Company operates. The primary responsibility of the Board is to exercise its business judgment to act in what it reasonably believes to be the best interests of the Company and its key stakeholders. Principle,2 - Board composition • As a subsidiary undertaking of IQVIA,the Company benefits from the wealth of experience of IQVIA'slarger Board. The guidance from IQVIA allows the Compilny to function with a reduced size of Board. During the 2021 year, the ·company had four directors. The Company conside_rsthis to be an appropriate balance of expertise and effective decision-making for efficiently delivering the Company's vision. The composition of the Board is designed to ensure clear accountability for the management of the busines·sand oversight of the management team, and brings together deep experience of the sector and other financial based experience. . . During 2021, the Board was comprised of: a _TaxDirector; a VP of Finance (a senior VP of BusinessOperations) who is responsible fo"r operational effectiveness across IQVIA; a senior VP & General Manager of North Europe, who is responsible for the commercial • operations ·within· Northern Europe; and a VP of RDSApplied Data Science. The Directors are experienc~d business leaders ~ith multiple directorships. • • We are conscious of the diversity of our Board, however we are committed to making appointments based solely on merit, without any discrimination relating to ·age,gender, race, or any other matterthat·has no bearing or:i an individual's ability to fulfil the role of Director. Our Board benefits from the differing backgrounds and experience of our Directors, who bring different approaches, ideas and diversity of thought. • • • For example, as can ~e seen above our current directors each bring a different perspective, reflecting their diverse backgrounds in operations, finance and compliance. In this context, we consider our Board is appropriately balanced to undertake its. functions effectively. Principle 3 - Director responsibilities The Board holds frequent meetings, which are on an ad-hoc basis to give flexibility to allow the Board to meet when it is most necessary. This minimises bureaucracy and focusses the Board to respond appropriately. In 2021, the Board held a total of 24 meetings, which covered a range of purposes that were of strategic and operational importance to the Company, both at the present time, and for the future. • Eac·hmeeting is led by the Director with the most experi~nce on the topic under consideration. This helps to ensure meetings are guided effectively. The Bo'ard members are provided with timely management information on a regular basis. This includes information on financial performance, financial forecasts arid risk. •

Highlight [page 20]: During 2021, a key-area of focus for the Directors was a corporate reorganisation within the IQVIA gro'up, which has seen the . Company acquire the trade and assets of certain fellow group undertakings. Principle 4 - Opportunity and risk In order to ensure the sustainable long-term successof the business, we must identify both the opportunities which are available to the business and the risks which impact on it. The key risks to the. Company are summarised in ttie 'principal risks and uncert~inties' -section of the Strategic Report. Our business is normally very consistent and as such, risks to the Company do not tend to change. Despite this, IQVIA review the risks facing the busi~ess on an annual basis to consider whether the identified risks are s·till applicabie. The Directors are also made aware of any significant risks that come to light-during the year, either from the Company's service line heads or from the IQVIA Board, and. they respond as required in order to mitigate the impact as far as is possible. The Company consists of multiple service lines, which are each ultimately managed by the IQVIA Board. The Company's Board_ does not actively monitor or seek opportunities· for the Company as this is performed at.the IQVIA level. Should the Directors become a_wareof suitable opportunities for the Company and wider business to pursue, such opportunities will be notified to the IQVIA Board for consideration. The Directors_maintain an awareness of opportunities for future developments, and these are explained in the 'business review and future developments_' s_ectionof our Directors'.Report. Principle 5 - Remuneration The Directors of the Company do not receive remuneration directly for their appointments on the Board. They have positions 11s senior employees within the Company and are remunerated for these roles. Remuneration.forms part of the annual appraisal • process that all employee and Directors are subject.to. Remuneration is set based on the performance of the individual and the performance the Company, and subject to remuneration guidelines that are determined by the Human 'Resources team and.are benchmarked to our competitors. Certain Directors and other senior employees can particip11tein IQVIA's share option schem~. aliowing them to participate in the success of the Company's and wider Group's business. This helps to ensure that the goals of our key employees and directors are aligned towards our shareholder's requirement for long-term value generation. All Directors can benefit from the C~mpany's bonus scheme, which' is based on the achievement of individual p~rformance objectives and the financial result of the Company. This provides·the opportunity for our Directors to share in the success of the Company. The Company monitors its gender pay gap.on an annual basis and reports .this in its Gender Pay Gap Report available on the IQVIA website. The Company is committed to providing a culture of inclusion and aims to _refl.ect'equality of pay for equal roles. Principle 6 - Stakeholder relationships and engagement We believe that effective communication and acting as a good corporate citizen are essential to delive_rour vision and_to protect the Company's brand, reputation and relationships with our stakeholders, who include our shareholder, our customers, our employees, our suppliers and the local commun_itiesin which we Work. • • • .We are committed to running our business in a sustainable way and we believe this helps create long term shareholder value: We . undertake this through the adoption of policies and practices·related to sustail')able development, including environmental, health and safety; corporate social giving; supporting the human rights of l,'!fOrkers;and· ethical business practices. Our sustainability programme focuses on three core areas: • • Planet - Making a positive impact on the environments in which we wor.k • People-: Creating a workplace of highly engaged, diverse, safe, arid healthy employees

Highlight [page 21]: • PLJblic- Engaging·consistently c!nd transparently in a manner that inspires participation and demonstrates leadership in sustainability. We have s~t out- details· on how we engage with our emplo.yees and other stakeholder~ within the 'employee engagement' and 'engagement with other stakeholders' sections of our Directors' Report.