
Highlight [page 10]: Statement of Corporate Governance Arrangements As a large privately owned company, the company's parent group, IVC Evidensia, has adopted the 'Wates Corporate Governance Principles for Large Companies' ("the Wates Principles") as its governing code, as provided for under The Companies (Miscellaneous Reporting) Regulations 2018 (SI 2018/860), to report on its arrangements for corporate governance. The Company Board together with the Group Board, recognises the importance of good governance. The Wates Principles comprise a set of six high level principles of corporate governance as set out below and provide a framework for the Group's Board and senior management to monitor its corporate governance. The Wates Principles have been chosen as they provide an approach to corporate governance that offers sufficient flexibility without being overly prescriptive. The Group has seen rapid growth and the Wates Principles offer an effective means to ensure that an appropriate corporate governance framework is in place. The Company has a plan to develop governance over the next 24 months. This includes clear policies and processes and for the year ended 2021 whilst not all aspects have been completed the Company made significant progress and is committed to delivering further improvements in FY22. The Company is reporting against the Wates Principles on the "apply and explain" approach set out in the Wates Principles, on a consistent basis across its group companies that meet the threshold of a large company, under The Companies (Miscellaneous Reporting) Regulations 2018 (SI 2018/860). Principle One An effective board develops and promotes the purpose of a company, and ensures that its values, strategy and culture align with that purpose. As set out on page 2 our purpose is to ensure healthy animals and happy owners. Our values- to care, to share and to dare and our key principles (see pages 2 and 3 for both) are aligned to that purpose in focusing on exceptional veterinary services and customer satisfaction. By putting patients first and making significant investment in training and innovation we seek to expand continuously and to improve current veterinary service offerings to the benefit of patients and customers. The Group strategy of growing organically and through acquisition of high-quality veterinary practices ensures our services grow in depth and in breadth as our coverage expands nationally and internationally. Members of the Group Board, in addition to the Company's Board and senior management, take a close interest in operational matters and rigorously challenge strategy, operational activity and performance. The impact of the Covid- 19 pandemic on colleagues and practices has been a particular focus in FY2021, together with the ongoing effects ofBrexit affecting UK business having been particular focuses in the past year. The Group's culture (how things are done) is entrepreneurial and collaborative, leveraging the clinical and functional expertise of our teams. It is informed by what our dedicated veterinary practitioners (veterinary surgeons, veterinary nurses and veterinary care assistants) establish as the standard of care. The tone from the top comes from the Group Board and a highly experienced group senior leadership team including Kate Swann (Chair), Stephen Clarke (Group CEO), and Paul Kenyon (Group CFO).

Highlight [page 11]: The Group acknowledges the importance of our licence to operate, and the nature of the service that we provide means doing the right thing is critical. In the last financial year an extensive compliance programme, appropriate to the size of the Group, was developed and is in the process of being implemented. We have introduced a new Code of Conduct which sets the base line and provides the framework for our compliance culture. Supporting policies and guidance are planned or in progress; for example, we launched a new anti-bribery policy in July 2021 together with related tools and launched a new whistleblowing policy and speak-up line ahead of the EU requirement that came into force in November 2021. Our Conflicts oflnterest policy, re-adopted by the Group Board in July 2021, sets out how we will deal with conflicts of interest (by transparency and appropriate approvals/safeguards) and is supported by an on-line register. The Group Board includes representatives of key shareholders such as EQT, SilverLake and Nestle, as well as non-executives and management. This ensures there is an active and engaged board which receives regular updates on performance and strategic and operational matters and drives informed debate. Principle Two Effective board composition requires an effective chair and a balance of skills, backgrounds, experience and knowledge, with individual directors having sufficient capacity to make a valuable contribution. The size of a board should be guided by the scale and complexity of the company. Kate Swann has chaired the Group Board since 2017. She is a well-respected business leader and knows the company and its sector well. She is an engaged and active chair, ensuring appropriate information is shared with the Group Board and with sufficient time for meaningful discussion. The role of chair is separate from that of CEO, and the Group Board adopted a clear separation of powers in January 2021. Board balance and diversity The Group Board is made of non-executive directors, investor directors, and executive directors. As at year end, there are 2 executive directors (FY20:5) and 8 non-executives (FY20:9) including investor directors and 3 female non-executive directors. The directors have been selected to ensure an appropriate combination of skills, backgrounds and experience appropriate to the group, its size and potential. New members of the Group Board are personally recruited by the chair, with a view to ensuring an engaged and effective board that promotes accountability and incorporates objective thought, and ,thereby constructive challenge to achieve effective decision-making. The Group Board includes two independent non-executive directors who joined in FY21, as a further means of promoting objective challenge. They were recruited to add to the diversity of skills and experience within the Group Board, including digital. The Group has recently adopted an Equality, Diversity and Inclusion policy which makes clear the Group's commitment to inclusion, including at board level. The Company Board includes appropriate senior management. As at 30 September it is made up of 5 men (FY 20: 1 woman, 7 men).

Highlight [page 12]: Overall, 87% of the Group's workers are employees of which 43.7% of senior roles are female. These include members of the Group Board, the Group Executive, GVMB, country managers, clinical directors and others. The Group Chair is female and during the year a new female Audit Chair was appointed (see below) and a further female NED. Senior female appointments in FY21 also included the appointment of the General Counsel and Company Secretary, the Chief Experience Officer and Chief Marketing Officer, our UK and Europe CFO and in June 2021, our Sustainability and ESG Director. Furthermore, we appointed a female Chief Medical Officer ("CMO") in August 2021. Since last year the Executive Committee has moved to 40% female representation (FY20:0%). We have committed to having 50% representation of women in senior roles by 2025 and we are currently developing initiatives to support us in achieving this. In October 2020 we had our inaugural BAME Board meeting and celebrated Black History month. The BAME Board is chaired by the CMO. The Group is committed to promoting equality in every aspect of the organisation, regardless of colour, gender, sexual orientation, disability or religion. It takes seriously its responsibility to build a culture and organisation that respects diversity and inclusion. It takes this stance not to garner publicity, but to demonstrate its support to all our workforce, and the clients and communities in which we all work (See page 11 for more). Principle Three The board and individual directors should have a clear understanding of their accountability and responsibilities. The board's policies and procedures should support effective decision-making and independent challenge. As noted in the introductory paragraphs to this Corporate Governance section, the company, as part of the IVC Evidensia group, has in the past year strengthened its corporate governance policies and practices, including defining certain authority limits and adopting a Group wide conflict of interest policy. The Group has also reviewed and expanded the information provided to the Group Board between or ahead of board meetings. The Group Board makes use of an audit and risk committee focusing on financial reporting and risk. As of 1 July 2021, Clare Bousfield became the chair of the Audit Committee. Clare is one of the new independent non-executive directors and has an extensive background in financial reporting. In recent years Clare has been the CFO ofM&G Pie, a non-executive Director of RSA, the CEO of Prudential UK and the CFO of Aegon UK. The Company Board understands the role it plays in the management of the company, and within the Group. Principle Four A board should promote the long-term sustainable success of the company by identifying opportunities to create and preserve value and establishing oversight for the identification and mitigation of risks. The Group Board is focused on the long-term growth and potential of the IVC Evidensia group, and new business opportunities of significance are discussed with the Group Board by members of the Company Board. As noted earlier, the Group Board has been expanded in the past year and has an expanded capacity to identify and assess opportunity and manage risk. The Group Board includes an Audit and Risk Committee which maintains oversight of the Group's risk and how it is managed. The Group has also recently appointed a new Group Head oflnternal Audit and Risk, who will support the Audit and Risk Committee.

Highlight [page 13]: IVC Evidensia maintains a group risk register of principal risks, each of which are 'owned' by a member of the group executive management team, including members of the Company Board, and regularly reviewed by the group executive. Any emerging risks faced by the Group are also considered and reviewed at these meetings. Any notable risks are escalated to the Group Board and any risks associated with Company activity are discussed by the directors within their discussions regarding the respective activity. Further details on the Company and group's approach to risk can be found on page 4 to 7. Principle Five A board should promote executive remuneration structures aligned to the long-term sustainable success of a company, considering pay and conditions elsewhere in the company. Remuneration for Group directors and senior managers, including the directors of the Company, is aligned with performance, behaviours, and the achievement of group and company purpose, values and strategy. The Group continues to develop its remuneration structures, including its internal reward team. An exercise to map and align reward structures is ongoing. This includes Company reward structures. Principle Six Directors should foster effective stakeholder relationships aligned to the company's purpose. The board is responsible for overseeing meaningful engagement with stakeholders, including the workforce, and having regard to their views when taking decisions. The Group and Company Boards maintain contact with stakeholders, including colleagues, suppliers and investors. The Group Board, via the executive management team, ensures meaningful two-way dialogue via several workforce communications channels such as regular Connect calls, professional group meetings (e.g., Clinical Director meetings, GVMB (Group Veterinary Medical Board), Group Leadership Meetings and time with colleagues in practice). The Group regularly consults with practices and teams on new initiatives and projects, often piloting before implementation. The Company's directors, together with the IVC Evidensia Group Board, are conscious of the potential impact of the Company and Group on wider society, for example at an environmental and a community level. Within the financial year to 30 September 2021, IVC Evidensia group appointed a Head ofESG and Sustainability, one of whose responsibilities is to consider wider stakeholders and IVC Evidensia's relationship with and impact on them. IVC Evidensia group is has prepared its first Sustainability Report. Further information on how IVC Evidensia and its group companies, including the Company, is approaching its commitment to sustainability and positive wider stakeholder impact is set out in the Group's Sustainability Report.