
Highlight [page 25]: CORPORATEGOVERNANCE We continue to adopt the Wates Corporate Governance Principles for Large Private Companies as an appropriate framework when making a disclosure regarding corporate governance arrangements. We set out below how we have applied the six Principles. 1. Purpose and Leadership Our purpose is 'Improving Life by Delivering World-Class Infrastructure' in our core sectors of transportation, water, power, construction and property and natural resources in the UK, Ireland and Canada. This is regularly promoted and communicated across our company. Our vision is to be the leading family-owned construction business by 2026 - when Murphy will celebrate its 75th birthday This strategy was refreshed and agreed in January 2020 and is called "Murphy at 75" with some refinements to the strategy made during the year.The business plan and company strategic objectives to deliver this vision are agreed, reviewed and refreshed annually by the Board. Our culture is based on five core values - One Family, One Team, One Murphy: Continually Improve: Never Harm; Respect, Integrity and Accountability; and Always Deliver. These values have underpinned the successful growth of the business since its incorporation in 1951. The delivery of our strategy is also underpinned by five key strategic drivers - fit to start: dependable project management; passionate about direct; better engineered; and win-win relationships. Our Board is chaired by the non-executive Chairman, Alastair Kerr. The Board delegates authority for all day to day management of the business to the Group Executive Committee. There are certain matters reserved for approval by the Board such as the formation of joint ventures and the tendering for major projects. The Group Executive Committee is led by our Chief Executive Officer, John Murphy, who is a grandson of the founder of the business. We have clear terms of reference in place for the Board and its subcommittees including the Group Executive Committee. 2. Board Composition The Board consisted of seven non-executive directors and three executive directors during the year. There were four independent non-executive directors (including the Chairman). They have expertise and experience in family-owned business, finance, construction, transport infrastructure and utilities. There are four family non-executive directors who represent the ultimate owners of the business. There is also one alternate director. Our Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer and Company Secretary were the executive directors who served on the Board during the year. The Board had eleven meetings in the year. There were four female directors and seven male directors on the Board during the year. 3. Director Responsibilities: Our Board is responsible for promoting the long term success of the business for the benefit of its owners and taking into account the interests of its stakeholders in doing so. Further detail on those considerations is provided in the 5.172 statement. The Board receives updated information at each board meeting on key aspects of the business including safety performance, people, strategy, business development, operational matters and the financial performance of the business. The Audit Committee is responsible for reviewing the effectiveness of the Group's system of internal financial controls, internal control and risk management systems, and the management of internal and external audit. The Committee considered specific matters such as the continuing implementation of the new enterprise resource planning system in the business, contract profit and revenue recognition, the scenarios to support a going concern basis for the financial statements and the impact of Covid-19. The Committee is chaired by independent non-executive director Huw Davies, and is comprised entirely of non-executive directors. Internal Audit is charged with carrying out an annual audit programme and reporting the findings to the committee.

Highlight [page 25]: 4. Opportunity and Risk The Risk and Opportunity Board Committee oversees the management of risk and identification of opportunities across the business. The Committee was chaired by independent non-executive director Huw Davies during the year, There is also an Executive Risk and Opportunity Committee (EROC) chaired by the Company Secretary which met three times during 2021. This maintains a Group Risk and Opportunity register. The EROC regularly reviews the principal risks and opportunities in the business at their meetings. It then reports to the Risk and Opportunity Board Committee on steps taken to mitigate any risks and to realise any of the identified opportunities. 5. Remuneration: The Remuneration Board Committee is responsible for setting the remuneration and benefits for the senior executives employed by the business, and for the remuneration policy for all staff. The Committee reviews and approves the long and short term incentive plans to retain and reward senior executives, based on performance measures that promote the long- term success of the business. The Committee is chaired by independent non-executive director, Mike Toms, and is comprised entirely of non-executive directors. The Committee also reviews the Company's Gender Pay Gap report, and approves the strategy for reducing the Gender Pay Gap at Murphy. 6. Stakeholder Relationships and Engagement The Board regularly reviews and oversees a range of stakeholder information - from client satisfaction data to the results of the annual employee engagement survey. The Board reviews the employee engagement survey results and

Highlight [page 25]: agrees the action plans to address

Highlight [page 25]: key issues raised as part of the survey. Murphy executive directors play an active role in engaging with a range of stakeholders in their roles to promote the company purpose - from clients, communities, colleagues and many others. They carried out regular town halls across the year to update colleagues on company progress, as well as answering their queries and questions. Along with other senior leaders, they also drove our 'Safestart',''One Summer" and "One Winter" programmes in 2021, visiting project sites over three different periods in the year to reinforce our 'Never Harm' value and also to take the opportunity to update our people on what was happening in the business. We regularly communicate with our people via a number of channels including team briefings, town halls, our intranet (Greenspace), our internal messaging system, Yammer, and other channels as and wh'en needed. Murphy continued the Christmas Community Fund and donated £100,000. Employees were invited to nominate local community groups and charities near to our key offices to receive a donation. With nearly 90 nominations, 30 local groups were successful - from supporting children with special needs to community foodbanks.