
Highlight [page 7]: Corporate Governance The directors are collectively responsible for ensuring that they operate in a manner which best promotes the interests of the group with consideration to its wider group of stakeholders. Underpinning this responsibility is an appropriate Corporate Governance framework, specifically designed to meet the needs of JCB and is based on the Wates Principles. The framework ensures the values, strategy and culture of the group are communicated and followed. Purpose and leadership The group's mission is to grow by providing innovative, strong and high-performance products and solutions to meet the needs of global customers, supported by superior customer care. This care extends to the environment and the community. The group wants to help build a better future where hard work and dedication are given their just reward. These fundamental principles drive the governance of the group. Board composition The directors possess the required skills and experience to run the business. Executive directors that are appointed have demonstrated substantial experience working within the group. The directors comprise the Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and the executive directors. The diversity of the board supports the group's values on gender equality. The directors meet on a regular basis, however additional meetings can be called as necessary to perform its function

Highlight [page 8]: Director responsibilities The directors are responsible for the group's strategy, including the likely consequences of any decisions in the long term and the general conduct of the group's affairs. The directors review and oversee the group's policy in relation to employee remuneration (delegated to a remuneration committee); succession planning; risk management and internal control; safety and environmental matters; and regulatory compliance. A wider team of senior management is responsible for the operational management of the group with support and guidance from the directors. Clear written guidelines have been set outlining matters solely reserved for approval by the directors. Opportunity and risk The directors regularly review the strategies, opportunities and risks faced by the group. A group risk and control committee meetn on a monthly basis to identify and monitor rinlrnand thene are communicated to nenior management The principal risks facing the group are set out in detail in the strategic report. Remuneration The directors ensure that remuneration for all employees is appropriate and fair. The directors of JCB Service have aµµuinle<l a remw1eralion committee comprising cerlain directors and auvisu1s tl1al is 1esponsible fu1 se11iur<lireclorspay and benefits. Remuneration is linked to the achievement of the group as well as personal performance. The directors are mindful of the gender pay gap and report on this annually on the group's website. Stakeholder relationships and engagement The directors acknowledge the need to encourage employee involvement in the improvement of the group's performance by supporting individual training and performance plans. Important information is supplied and feedback is obtained through regular consultation with employees. Regarding the local community, the group has a long-standing tradition of providing support through various means including sponsoring local schools, recreational facilities and other good causes. In addition, the group regularly meets with local government representatives to discuss and understand the likely consequences of any decisions. The group's statement on stakeholder engagement is set out below.