
Highlight [page 17]: Corporate Governance Statement In its decision-making processes and considerations, both the Board and the Company's Executive Leadership Team that reports to the Board, are mindful of the need to uphold a positive corporate culture and fo·take into account the interests of all stakeholders. Board deliberations are conducted in a spirit that encourages independent thought and challenge, with the aim of balancing risks and opportunities. Our governance policies and processes are kept under review, to ensure that there is a clear understanding of accounfability and responsibilities and that these structures develop together with regulatory requirements and public expectations of companies. Four Board Meetings were held in March, June, September and December 2021 following an agenda agreed in advance by the Chairman, the Company's Managing Director, Company Secretary and Board Advisor. In addition, a number of decisions were made during the ·year by written resolutions of the Directors. The Board fonnally adopted the Wates Principles as the Company's Corporate Governance Code in the previous financial year 2020 and examples of how·the Board has applied the Wates Principles during 2021 are noted below:

Highlight [page 18]: Principle 1: Purpose & Leadership With a view to application of the Wates Principles in 2021, the Board inputted into and approved (i) the Company's purpose to 'create the beauty that moves the world' and mission thc!t defines how the Company will grow, engage and contribute by working as 'one UK & Ireland team', (ii) a Frame setting out the Company's roadmap of priorities and strategic focus areas for 2021, and (iii) the Compariy's application and localisation of its Group Global se·nse of Purpose. • All of the above were communicated to the Company's employees in the. first quarter of 2021 in a variety of formats including by email, video and in a Townhall presented by the Company's Managing Director and board member and the Corporate Affairs Directcirand board member. The purposr and strategic frame were embedded into the Company's culture _andworkforce through ongoing· engagement,' internal comm_unicationsvideos and business unit team building strategy days. See further page 2 in our Strategic Report f~r more information on the Company's business strategy on how to ultimately achieve our purpose, while sustaining the success of the Company in the long-term. Our Code of Ethics in place for over a decade P.rovidespractical advice on everyday situations and ethical.questions and is distributed to all employees worldwide upon joining the Company. Our Speak Up policy in place for over 5 years enables our stakeholders, including our employees, to (anonymously if preferred) raise any serious violations of our Ethical Principles directly to our Chief Ethics Officer, via a secure website. Our workforce can also raise an Ethics issue with their line manager, their line manager's manager, divisional manager, HR or our Ethics Officer at any time. Our aforementioned Company policies for raising mi~conduct or unethical practices are reviewed and updated from time tci time. The Code of Ethics and such policies are ·presented to the Board for discussion and input from time to time by the Company's Ethics Officer. Principle 2: Board Composition As an example of application of ·the \/\[ates Principles, the Chairman and Company Secretary initiated a review of the composition of the Board to consider whether the Board as then constituted was appropriate in terms of size, backgrounds, diversity and experience and what, if any, changes should be ma9e to ensure that the Board is consistent with the Wates Principles. These changes were discussed by the Board at the end of 2020 and implemented in 2021, with two new board. appointments resulting in improving diversity and representation both in terms of age, gender and nationality. The Board from ,June 2021 is comprised of five members: Managing Director of the Company's UK and Ireland business, Finance Director of the L'Oreal Group Europe Zone, the Company's Chief Financial Officer, the Company's Corporate Affairs Director and the Cha_irmanwho has significant operational, marketing and human resources experience gained from over 30 years in the L'Oreal ·Group, including in the Company. As a result, the directors bring a balance of skills, experience, knowledge and constructive challenge to the Board and our Chairman both promotes and facilitates constructive discussion. Principle 3: Director Responsibilities , A special purpose meeting was held in June 2021 at which Baker McKenzie LLP. and the Board Advisor conducted a refresher training session for the new members of the Board on effective corporate governance, stakeholders, decision making and director duties. Similar training was conducted to on board a new board member in December 2021. The Board in the previous financial year 2020 appointed a Board Advisor relating to corporate governance matters to support the Chairman and Company Secretary and with a mission to: create and obtain Board input and ratification of a Section 172 . and stakeholder dashboard; to establish and oversee a rpbust internal .process to ensure the quality and integrity of the information provided to the Board to enable the Board to effectively monitor, challenge and make decisions; ensure that all relevant issues· are elevated to the Board level for their information, review, input and/or decision making; ensure comprehensive Board ·papers are provided for review one week in advance of meetings that both signpost all applicable Section 172 and stakeholder engagement issues tq the Board and provide a summary of the item and inform Directors what action is expected of them.

Highlight [page 19]: Principle 4: Opportunity and Risk Examples of decisions taken by the Board during 2021 to promote.the long-term sustainable success of the Company are set out above in the Strategic Report and the Section 172 Statement. The Company's Head of Internal Control has established a risk register for the Board which identifies financial, non-financial and reputational risks faced by the Compa'ny. The risk register was presented to and discussed by the Board at the June 2021 Board meeting. See page 2 in our Strategic Report for more information on the market the Company operates in and assessment of opportunity and risk: Principle 5: Remuneration L'Oreal·-S.A.sets the remuneration level of the Board within structures aligned to the long-term sustainable success of the Company and the Group. Principle 6: Stakeholder Relationships and Engagement The Board is responsible for nurturing and upholding the culture, values, standards, ethics and reputation of the Company to ensure that our obligations to our shareholders and our stakeholders are met. The Board considers each matter before it in ttie context of the stakeholders who may be affected and our Chairman oversees both that there has been meaningful engagement and that their interests are carefully.considered as part of the Board's decision-making process. The Board takes account of the broader socio-environmental context within which our business operates, including the impact of the Company's activities on comm1.mitiesand the wider world, particularly in relation to climate change, human rights and sustainability. The Company's stakeholders and examples of how this Principle has been applied are included in our Stakeholder Engagement Statemeni and o_urSection 172 Statement.