
Highlight [page 15]: Corporate Governance Report The Wates Corporate Governance Principles for Large Private Companies, (published by the Financial Reporting Council in December 20 I 8) ("the Wates Principles" or the "Principles"), were adopted by the Company in 2019 to enhance the governance systems, promote best practice and ensure that all appropriate corporate reporting disclosures are made. The Principles provide a framework for the Company to not only demonstrate how the Board complies with its obligations as a large private company under The Companies Act 2006 and The Companies (Miscellaneous Reporting) Regulations 2018; but specifically how the Board makes decisions for the long term success of the Company, having regard to its stakeholders. The Company's approach to its stakeholders is outlined in more detail within this Corporate Governance Report, as required by Section 172 of the Companies Act 2006 ("s 172") (see Principle 6 - Stakeholders). The Board is cognate of its responsibilities under s 172 in discharging its duties and making decisions on behalf of the Company. Specific training on these aspects has been provided to all new directors during the year. In 2021, the Company sought to further embed the Wates Principles by reviewing, challenging and developing the effectiveness of the new governance structures it put in place during 2019. During 2022, the Board will continue to focus on developing the Company's systems of governance, its mechanisms for risk management, assurance and control, as well as seeking to better engage with its stakeholders. Below, we, the Board of directors, set out how the Wates Principles have been applied for the Company's financial year ended 31 December 2021. Principle 1 - purpose and leadership The Company is the principal VK operating entity of the Leonardo Group, a global aerospace, defence and technology business, of which the ultimate parent is Leonardo S.p.a., an Italian registered company listed on the Milan Stock Exchange. Our purpose is to "Contribute technological solutions". to the world's progress and safety by delivering meaningful and innovative Our mission statement solidifies this purpose, which is "To be the international Aerospace, Defence and Security company that best enables its customers' success, by thinking creatively and working with passion". The Company is primarily engaged in the electronics defence systems and helicopters business domains, as well as providing high integrity surveillance networks to provide information for security and mission essential services. It has a commitment to create value for all its stakeholders through a path of long-term, sustainable growth, investing in the continuous improvement of its key competencies, products, technologies and workforce. In 2021, the Company continued to face the challenges of the global pandemic of the Covid 19 virus. In response to new coronavirus variants, the Company took action to safeguard its employees and business through working from home policies, taking advantage of its investment in network infrastructure and devices during 2020. A number of the Company's activities were defined by the MOD as critical and were continued during 2021 in order to maintain the readiness of the UK's and its allies' armed forces and to ensure the national defence capability. Some of the workforce involved in these critical activities, in roles such as manufacturing, were unable to perform their roles remotely and were designated by the UK Government as essential workers. The Company took every measure to enable these essential workers to operate safely in the workplace and in transit. For example, varying working patterns to avoid rush hours, provision of PPE and maintenance of social distancing to comply with government safety guidelines. These actions enabled the Company to continue to work hard on delivering to our customers whilst safeguarding employees.

Highlight [page 16]: Principle 1 - purpose and leadership (continued) In pursuit of its mission, throughout 2021 the Company continued to build on the Leonardo Group's guiding framework of "One Company, One Voice". Our "Charter of Values" defines Leonardo's way of doing business, setting out the principles that guide the Company's strategy and daily activities of all those who work and collaborate with the Company and the Leonardo Group as a whole. These are: Ethics & respect Expertise & merit Innovation & excellence Internationality & multiculturalism Rights & sustainability A copy of our 'Charter of Values' is available on our website (https://www.leonardocompany.com/documents/20142/115137/Carta_dei_ Valori+ENG.pdf?t=l 551772599336). The Company's Board members are drawn from the Company's divisions and functions and its shareholder's corporate functions oflegal and compliance and human resources,each of whom are required to show leadership and provide strategy to the Company. Principle 2 - Board composition Details of the Board are shown in the Directors' Report, this can be found on page 9. During 2021, two directors stepped down from the Board: one from the shareholder who was replaced by an alternative representative, and the other from the finance function who was replaced with the head of the government affairs function, to bring greater knowledge and consideration of the market and primary customer. The UK Head of HR was appointed during the year as an additional director. The Board's size and composition is currently considered adequate for the scale and complexity of the business with a sufficient balance of skills, knowledge and experience to govern the Company effectively. The directors have equal voting rights when making decisions. The Chairman has the casting vote where the number of votes for and against a proposal at a meeting is equal. All directors have access to the advice and services of the Company Secretary and may, if they wish, take professional advice at the Company's expense. The duties of the Board are partially executed through formally appointed committees as noted below. The Board members update their skills, knowledge and familiarity with the Company through the committee structure, receiving periodic reports and assurances on matters mandated to each of the committees. Each director has specialist knowledge within their division or function, kept updated alongside their individual continuous professional development. Principle 3 - Directors' responsibilities Accountability Good governance supports open and fair business, ensures that the Company has the right safeguards in place and makes certain that every decision it takes is underpinned by being fully informed. Whilst Board oversight is always maintained, where appropriate, some key areas are delegated to committees and to individuals in roles with the most appropriate knowledge and industry experience for detailed oversight and management, and reporting back to the Board on their work. Each Board member has a clear understanding of their accountability and responsibilities. The Board has a programme of five scheduled meetings every year with standing items, plus additional meetings as requited to attend to all matters reserved fur the Board pursuant to the group's governance policies.

Highlight [page 17]: Principle 3 - Directors' responsibilities (continued) Committees In 2019, the Board formally constituted four separate committees and during 2021 approved the formation ofthe UK safety, Health and Environment committee (listed below) to assist with executing its responsibilities for the operation of good governance and efficacy in the Company. Each committee's terms of reference was approved to undertake the following delegated matters: Management Committee: To provide oversight of the business's overall performance and delivery. The Management Committee formed an Inclusion and Diversity Sub-Committee to promote the recruitment and retention of the workforce and development of an inclusive culture and approach to engagement, to support diversity, inclusion and equality, as well as monitoring the Company's responsibilities in compliance with equality legislation and regulations. Assurance & Internal Controls Committee: To fulfil the Board's risk management responsibilities, primarily through the review and evaluation of the adequacy of the Company's internal control structure for compliance with applicable legislation, regulations and group governance, together with the internal audit programme. Ethics & Social Responsibility Committee: To reaffirm and define its commitment to operating ethically in all the territories within which it does business and operates. The Committee formed a Sponsorship and Donations Sub-Committee to support them to fulfil its responsibilities to ensure all sponsorships and donations by the Company are compatible with its values and ethical policies. Data & Information Management Committee: To maintain and create a suitable operational framework for the lawful and commercially appropriate creation, management, protection, retention, archiving and destruction of documents, data and information (including oversight of data privacy matters delegated to its sub-committee the Data Protection Management Team). UK Safetv Health and Environment Committee: During 2021, the Board formed the UK Safety, Health and Environment Committee (formerly included within the responsibility of the Assurance and Internal Controls Committee), to assist the Board in fulfilling its Safety, Health and Environmental ("SHE") responsibilities, including maintaining and reviewing long-term objectives and strategy, undertaking trend analysis on incidents and audit outcomes, and driving continuous improvement. The Committees are each chaired by senior managers and are attended by at least one statutory officer of the Company to promote commitment, engagement and sponsorship at the top level of management, each provides six monthly reports to the Board. The Committee structures and membership are designed to encourage constructive problem-solving that benefits the long-term sustainability of the Company. Each Committee can use its delegated authority as appropriate to fulfil its terms of reference, which may include the creation of sub-committees, steering groups or working groups reporting to it. Each Committee is accountable to the Board for the work done by these supporting governance bodies. Integrity of information The Board receive reports on a range of matters at each meeting, with a number of standing items alongside commercial matters as they arise. Each Committee Chair formally reports to the Board on the proceedings of its Committee meetings on a half-yearly basis. Each Committee Chair is a member of the Management Committee (which includes divisional and functional executive board members representation). The Management Committee meetings are held each month, providing regular and timely information to the Board on all key aspects of the business including risks and opportunities, the financial performance of the business, strategy, operational matters, market conditions and sustainability.

Highlight [page 18]: Principle 3 - Directors' responsibilities (continued) Key financial information is maintained within, and collated from, the Company's accounting systems. The Company's finance function is appropriately qualified to ensure the integrity of this information and is provided with the necessary training to keep up to date with regulatory changes. Financial statements are externally audited at each financial year end. Financial controls are reviewed by the Company's internal audit function and Group external consultants the adequacy of controls is reported to the Assurance & Internal Controls Committee annually through an operational assurance statement. Principle 4 - opportunity and risk The Board seeks out opportunity whilst mitigating risk. Opportunity Long term strategic opportunities are reviewed by the Board as a part of the integrated business plans. The Board seeks out opportunities drawn from its business divisions and its Committees. The Board reviews and takes responsibility for approving all major bids and strategic opportunities including those related to internal investment, executing these through its business divisions or corporate functions as appropriate. Short term opportunities to improve performance, resilience and liquidity are collated through the business's divisional review process, overseen by the Management Committee, with representations from each division. Details of the Company's opportunities are outlined in the "Future outlook and business environment, Strategy and Principal risks and uncertainties" sections of the Strategic Report (on pages 2 to 8). Risk Risk is managed using the Company's standard risk management process, which requires all divisions to identify and manage their risks at a divisional and project level, described in a formal syntax of causes, risk events, and consequences. These risks are then subjected to statistical analysis, both pre- and post-mitigation to assess the potential impact. A central risk tool supports the process and generates a comprehensive analysis across the whole Company. Lifecycle management is used to provide governance through gate reviews at key risk points in the Company's main programmes and projects. The standard process is defined by Leonardo in its Project Management Manual and applied across all divisions. Phase Review Chairs and their assessors, who are independent of the project or programme, conduct reviews of plans and progress at key stages. A summary report is issued to the project and the relevant management team identifying key actions to minimise risk going forward. The process also incorporates a 'lessons learned' mechanism to ensure that experiences in one project can be shared with other projects in order to enable continuous improvement activity. In addition, the corporate functions undertake risk assessments against specific areas of regulation to ensure comprehensive compliance programmes are implemented. The Assurance and Internal Controls Committee ("AICC") assists the Board in ensuring that inherent and emerging risks are identified, managed appropriately and in a timely manner. In 2021, the Committee implemented an operational assurance process designed to identify company-wide legal and regulatory compliance risks. This facilitates risk identification, classification and mitigation. Details of the Company's key operational risks and mitigations are outlined in the Strategic Report (on page 5). Responsibility The Company has central and divisional Operating Frameworks, which identify the governance, organisation and operational structure of the Company. These frameworks function in harmony with the Company's operating policies, processes and procedures which are fundamental to the efficacy of the Company's internal control framework, which includes its ISO certifications.

Highlight [page 19]: Principle 4 - opportunity and risk (continued) The Board has approved a delegation protocol and governance framework which prescribe that any contract above a certain value, risk level or which may be considered strategic (determined by group governance), or any other transactional matter specifically reserved to the Board, must be approved by the Board, pursuant to group governance. This ensures that an appropriate level of diligence has been performed in understanding the obligations, risks and terms of the contract or the relevant matter. Thus protecting the integrity and long-term sustainability of the Company, meeting strategic objectives and creating value for its parent company, customers and suppliers. Principle 5 - remuneration The Remuneration policy set by the Board aims to ensure that the operating business in the UK retains and attracts high calibre talent to deliver on our commitments to our customers. The total remuneration of Leonardo UK employees includes fixed and variable pay, life insurance and lifestyle benefits that recognise short and long term career choices, together with the contribution the employee makes to the business. External markets are regularly reviewed to benchmark our employee offering and ensure that the Company's employment proposition remains relevant and competitive within the industrial sector. Flexibility and choice on how employees engage with pay and benefits is a major part of the remuneration philosophy. The Coinpany administers all remuneration policies and programmes consistently, fairly and equitably. Communications with employees are regular and informative, providing reasons as to why particular treatments on pay and benefits are adopted. The Company applies equal pay principles in line with the Equality Act 20 I 0. Principle 6 - stakeholders The Board recognises the importance of having a close working relationship and engagement with all of its stakeholders, including its group of companies, employees, customers, suppliers and the local communities in which it works across the UK and abroad. Effective communication and good governance is key to ensure the Company's strategic direction remains aligned with the Leonardo Group's long-term goals for sustainability, growth, diversification and investment in the aerospace, defence and technology industry. The Board is constituted of a b1end of Leonardo UK and Leonardo SpA employees, ensuring that the parent company is represented and that communication between the Board and its sole shareholder is maintained. During 2021 three of the seven Board members were Leonardo SpA employees.

Highlight [page 20]: External stakeholders and impacts The Board is committed to doing business in a sustainable manner, with a continued commitment to economic and social development and the protection of human health and the environment. The Charter of Values (outlined above) underpins this ethos for establishing and maintaining trusting relationships with all its stakeholders. The Company, alongside the other Leonardo group comp·anies, is focused on contributing to the achievement of four of the seventeen Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs) promoted by the UN2030 Agenda. It also supports the "Ten Principles" of the UN Global Compact, the largest global initiative for sustainable business. It promotes the adoption of behaviours that contribute to the success of the Company and to the well-being of the community through the creation of work opportunities in the UK and other countries where it operates, in its associated supply chains, technological collaborations and the continuous improvement of products and services designed for the protection of nations, their dtizens, and the environment. Innovation and technical excellence is critical to the Company's sustainability strategy. It allows the Company to respond to customer needs effectively. It also allows investment in SMEs, working with research centres, co-operating with educational institutions and providing positive engagement with external stakeholders, including building trusted relationships with governments and other public bodies. The Company, through its divisions, collects gas emissions data that is submitted annually to its parent company via the Enablon SHE questionnaire which automatically calculates the Company's Scope I, 2 and 3 emissions for the six main greenhouse gases covered by the Kyoto Protocol, namely: carbon dioxide, methane, nitrox oxide, perfluorocarbons, hydrofluorocarbons and sulphur hexafluoride. The Company is committed to sustainable business transformation for our people, the planet and the prosperity of its customers, partners and societies where it does business. In 2021, the Company made significant progress on its sustainability journey that illustrates a wider commitment to responsible business. In September, the Company published its first Carbon Reduction Plan and pledged to reduce its Scope I and 2 emissions by 40% by 2025 against a 20 I 8 Baseline as well as achieve "Net Zero" by 2030 for Scope I and 2 and by 2050 for Scope 3 across the value chain. The Company is also committed to adding social value through long-term initiatives in the communities where it does business. The Company is encouraging sustainable travel to work by installing more charge points at its sites and has launched a Go Green car scheme for employees making it easier to make the electric or hybrid vehicle switch. The Company offers award winning graduate and apprenticeship programmes to nurture new skills in younger age groups. The Company has STEM Ambassadors continually produce fresh initiatives to engage budding engineers, with a focus on those communities with less access to resources. The Company develops pioneering technology to future-proof our industry, including digitisation of working methods, the provision of space sensors that monitor pollution, helicopters that use sustainable aviation fuel and radars that work faster to reduce flight time. Leonardo is supporting its workforce in heightening their digital skills, creativity, and ability to engage with open innovation in collaboration with universities, while giving them access to the benefits of big data, artificial intelligence, system thinking and additive manufacturing, for a sustainable factory of the future. The Company encourages all of its suppliers to share and comply with ethical, social and environmental standards, through acknowledging and accepting the Company's "Code of Ethics" and "Supplier Code of Conduct" as well as the guidance provided in the organisational and control models. This is established through the Company's supplier approval process and monitored throughout the period of the supply relationship. A Procurement web portal facilitates transparency and traceability of information.

Highlight [page 21]: External stakeholders and impacts (continued) The Company is mindful of its responsibility to pay its suppliers in a fair and timely manner; continues to review its processes and, through the sharing of best practice, aims to continually improve its supplier engagement and payment performance. In line with, The Reporting on Payment Practices and Performance legislation the Company bi-annually publishes its results on GOV.UK webpages https://check-payment-practices.service.gov.uk/report/39621. Employees 2021 was a year of continued uncertainty for the Company's employees and their well-being has remained at the centre of the Company's focus. The Company has been innovative in responding to these challenges and has taken significant steps to safeguard its employees' physical and mental well~being. Following broad engagement with employees, responses to surveys and other feedback mechanisms, the Company came to understand not only the benefit of working from home to employees, but that the Company's business could be effectively conducted with a substantially remote workforce. To ensure the future of the Company as a competitive, forward-looking business, the Company implemented Custom Working: a model where its employees are empowered to decide where and how they work. When guidance on Covid restrictions allowed, the majority of employees were encouraged to reintegrate into the work place on a part time basis, with the remaining time working from home. Custom working will transform the Company into an organisation where teams are empowered, to: 1. Focus on the needs of customers (outcomes) rather than hours spent in the office (presence); 2. Choose the working environments which best support collaboration and innovation; 3. Find a work-life balance, which works for each individual's diverse needs; and 4. Improve the long-term sustainability of Leonardo. Custom Working further promotes the Company's drive to do business in a sustainable manner. This supplements the Company's Gold level accreditation for both Investors in People and Investors in Young People, demonstrating the Company's commitment to supporting the training and development of its employees through opportunities offered by technology, succession planning and flexible working, and tackling challenges such as ineffectual decision-making, absenteeism and employee disengagement. Employees have access to different communication means that best encourages a culture of listening and dialogue. This is done through face-to-face focus groups, online surveys, on site activities, working with people managers on a 1-2-1 private setting or in working groups supported by the Human Resources, Occupational Health and or Diversity and Inclusion teams. The Company upholds and promotes human rights in every context in which it operates, by creating equal opportunities for its people and fair treatment for all - regardless of race, nationality, political creed, religion, gender, age, diverse ability, sexual orientation, personal or social condition - and always respecting the dignity of each individual and each employee; amongst other things the Company promotes the inclusion of minorities, ensures freedom of assembly and abides by the absolute prohibition of illegal labour as set out in our Modern Slavery Statement. If any employee wishes to raise concerns or highlight any potential breaches of the Code of Ethics, they can contact the Company's Speak Up Helpline, administered by an independent service provider with anonymity. This will be formally investigated and reported to the Ethics and Social Responsibility Committee. The Board is committed to designing policies and developing a working environment that promotes the benefits and wellbeing of all its employees. For detailed information on our Company benefits, visit our website. (www.uk.leonardocompany.com/en/people-careers/life-at-leonardo/company-benefits).

Highlight [page 22]: Employees (continued) As part of our People and Inclusion Strategy, we have maximised engagement with our UK workforce across a range of channels including intranet and social media content, poster/banner campaigns, face to face with stands at sites as well as providing briefings throughout the year for divisional meetings and activities. The Company Inclusion and Diversity Strategy in 2021 delivered a STEM Returners programme, a Springboard Development Programme for Women, engagement in the Women in Defence Mentoring Programme and a developing partnership with the Association For Black and Minority Ethnics Engineers-UK. In addition, the Company became a Level 2 Disability Confident Employer and aims to achieve Level 3 during 2022. Additionally, steps were taken towards: increasing the number of female new starters; an increase in our female workforce promoted into more senior roles within the Company; attracting key female talent into the engineering sector through STEM activities in the local communities; implementing training in Diversity and Inclusion for all employees; actively improving our work-life balance solutions through Custom Working to encourage and promote changes in behaviour and culture within the Company. The workforce across its UK sites, undertake a variety of fundraising initiatives and have raised tens of thousands of pounds for several charities in recent years and continued to do so despite the continuing challenges presented by the impact of the Covid 19 pandemic on the business in 2021. Corporate Governance Report - committee information Management Committee The Management Committee is responsible for the day-to-day management of the Company's business affairs. The Committee has clearly defined terms of reference, outlining the Committee's objectives and responsibilities to review the Company's operational and financial performance; provide executive leadership, management and direction; assess and manage risk in conjunction with the Assurance and Internal Controls Committee; drive compliance, best practice and learning across the divisions; and define and nurture the Company's culture, as a just, ethical, diverse and inclusive employer. In 2021, the Committee comprised of the Company's CEO as Chair; three other statutory directors; and nine other members of senior management from across the business. The Board is satisfied that during 2021, the Committee's members followed the principles of good governance in relation to their skills, knowledge and experience. Assurance & Internal Controls Committee The Company operates an Assurance & Internal Controls Committee to assist the Board fulfil its risk management responsibilities primarily through the review and evaluation of the adequacy of the Company's compliance with applicable legislation, regulations and group governance. In 2021, the Committee was chaired by a statutory director with a membership of eight functional leaders from across the business. Data & Information Management Committee The Data & Information Management Committee's primary objective is to maintain and create a suitable operational framework for the lawful and commercially appropriate creation, management, protection, retention, archiving and destruction of documents, data and information, including compliance with ·all relevant laws and regulations; having oversight of its sub-committee, the Data Protection Management Team, which provides support to the Committee on data protection: being the prevention of an adverse impact on the rights of "Data Subjects" ( as defined in the Data Protection Act 20 I 8 and the General Data Protection Regulation (EU) 20 I 6/679) with whom the Company interacts with or has an impact on; and to minimise the risk to the Company of regulatory intervention or sanction by implementing robust policies and procedures for the management of personal data.

Highlight [page 23]: Data & Information Management Committee (continued) In 2021, the Committee was chaired by a statutory director with a membership of seven functional leaders from across the business, including the Company's Data Protection Officer. Ethics & Social Responsibility Committee The Ethics & Social Responsibility Committee's purpose is to assist the Board in re-affirming and defining its commitment to operating ethically in all the territories within which it operates. It has overall responsibility for showing leadership to the Company in promoting the values of the Company, ethical behaviours and standards as well as challenging negative behaviours or activities; the implementation of and conformance with an ethical compliance progra~me, including an anti-bribery and corruption management system; promoting a culture which fosters effective stakeholder relationship aligned to the Company's purposes; considering the impact of the Company's operation on its primary stakeholder groups, such as staff and; scoping the Company's approach to stakeholder engagement annually, as well as annually reviewing its activity and reporting to the Board. In 2021, the Committee was chaired by the Company Secretary with a membership of seven functional leaders from across the business, including a statutory director. UK Safety, Health and Environment Committee During 2021, the Board formed the UK Safety, Health and Environment Committee (formerly included within the responsibility of the Assurance and Internal Controls Committee), to assist the Board in fulfilling its Safety, Health and Environmental ("SHE") responsibilities, including maintaining and reviewing long-term objectives and strategy, undertaking trend analysis on incidents and audit outcomes, and driving continuous improvement. The Committee had its first sitting in 2022 chaired by a senior manager , with a membership of ten functional leaders·from across the business, including a statutory director and the company secretary.