
Highlight [page 12]: Corporate Governance . . For the year ended 28 February 2022, under The Companies (Miscellaneous Reporting)' Regulations 2018, Lidl Great Britain Limited has applied the Wates Corporate Gov·ernance Principles for Large Private Companies. • • • Principle 1 - Purposeand leadership The Lidl brand was founded in Germany and has grown significantly to become one of Europe's leading food retailers. The first Lidl Great Britain Limited store opened its doors in 1994 and, twenty-eight years later, the Company operates over 900 stores and thirteen regional distribution centres across Great Britainemploying on average over 26,500 people.. • • The Company's purpose is to enhance the lives of its customers, by providing quality products • at market leading value, whilst ensuring that customer satisfaction is at the heart of everything it does. • The Company's values include building· sustainable- relationships with stakeholders, contributing positively to local communities, and achieving long term success·by investing in recruitment, training and development of its employees are all an integral part of the business strategy. Further detail can be found in the section 172 statement page 6. • The Board of Directors reviews and update the Company's strategy annually and communicate . • this to senior management. Senior· management then cascades the strategy; until every colleague is informed. Based on the Company strategy departmental tactics for the year are defined. The Comp~ny's strategy is largely focused on our customers and how the Company can further enhance their shopping experience. Departmental tactics are managed by senior management of the relevant department:and core business project updates are _reported to· the board of directors monthly. . Major strategic develo·pments in the year that have been communicated to all colleagues include the continued investment in Lidl Great Britain Limited's bricks and mortar business with a strong investment in new stores. This is in line with the Company's aim·to reach 1,100 stores in Gre.at Britain by the end of2025. • .• • In a wt;?ekly meeting senior ma~agement discusses and informs· of updates to internal procedures, processes, and policies. Eac~ week, these.changes are summarized in a bulletin, which is then uploaded to the Company's intra net where all colleagues can accessit. Several.departments within the business are responsible for monitoring compliance with the , law and, internal guidelines. An interri"al audit team pt;?riodicallyreviews practices.within the business to establish if these are compliant with internal and external guidelines: Results of these audits are being.co!Tlmunicated to senior management a~d the Board. Any internal audit gaps identified are logged and feedback needs to be provided on how the gap has beeri clost;?d.A second internal audit will occur to ensure the correct processes are being followed. As part of the Company's values, leadership is the foundation of the roles withjn the business and therefore a. core task of management's daily· business. The Company operates as one team. Its aim is to create a positive, cooperative working environment in which the Company supports personal development.and mutt.Jallearning by treat_ingcolleagues with respect and providing them with responsibility, appreciation, and job security.

Highlight [page 13]: Principle 2 - Board Composition Balance and diversity The Company ensures the Board consists of individuals who have.the necessary technical capability, competency skills, experience, and knowledge to help the Company achieve its long-term goals and so the Board can provide constructive ch~llenge to achieve effective decision-making. Appointments to the Board promote _diversity in line with the Equalities Act 2010. ·There has been·a .strong effort to establish an appropriate balance.of expertise, diversity, and objectivity. • Size,structure, and effectiveness . The Company's Board consists of eight board directors, seven of them responsible for a different area of oper~tions and one serving as Chief Executive Officer, who leads the board of directors as chairman and oversees . all operations. There are no independent directors. . The b.oard of director$' responsibilities. are divided Into: Purchasing, Marketing, HR, Sales/Logistics, Sales/Supply Chain, Administration and Central Services. Collectively, the board considers it has the necessary skil_ls,knowledge, e~perience, and objectivity to de.liver the group's strategy, appropriate to its scale and structure. Appointments of board directors are carried .out by the inte,rnational board. The board of directors meets on a weekly basis . to review current bu_sinessupdates. . Each director has the option to consult the company secretary. The company secretary ad~ises·the directors of their legal duties as set out by the Companies Act 2006. The Company also operates several national committees such as the Pension Committee. These committee meetings consist of non-board dire~tors and colleagues of varying roles ~nd levels and provide relevant .feedback to th~ board ofdire~tors. The Project Advisory Group (PAG)meet monthly. to guide new projects-and to oversee the portfolio·of ongoing projects. The PAGensures that buslness communication takes place early in the project _;mdensures that communication takes pla·cewith the relevant directors to the project. The parent company will regularly evaluate the .Board to effectively and highlight the strengths and we,aknessesofthe help individual_ directors contribute Board as awhole. Principle 3-.Director Accountability Responsibility Each of the directors is responsible for ,he ·area that they oversee. This establishes clear lines of accountability and responsibility. throughout the business. • • • While in the UK major decisions are made at board·le:vel, due to the .size9f the Compan.y,operational decisions are usually·made at an operational level. To support management and colleagues with the decision-making process, guidelines and safeguards have been implemented and are constantly being .reviewed and updated, ttiese processes and guidelin~s can be fou.nd in a central prote$S management tool, ARIS. These ensure that decisions are made to promote the success of the Company, whilst considering stakeholders' interest and legal obligations. All colleagues receive specific internal, as well as external training to fulfil th¢ir role and ensure compliance in all relevant areas specific to each . colleague. • • • When a dir~ctor joi'ns the business, they will receive an on boarding pack which details all role·s and responsibili~ies as directors. The HRteam clearly set$ out these responsibilities and any changes to the director responsibility will be communicated to the whole Company via email.

Highlight [page 14]: Management inf~rms the board weekiy on key aspects of the business. This includes inforr~ation on market share, turnover, employee data, changes in regulations and financial performance indicators. This data is analysed and presented by the responsible.teams within the Company. To ensure accurate financial information, adequately trained and_experienced colleagues utilise multiple information systems. The business has strong internal control mechanisms in place. The Compa.ny is a process driven business, wliere all processes are formulated, and each employee is trained on the processes relevant to their role. All processes, responsibilities and controls are mapped out in a business processes management system that is updated continuously. This is managed and monitored by the Business Process Management department'. . The internal audit department of the Company regularly audits s~ores, warehouses, and head -office departments based on the def_j'ne~processes. Additionally,· the audit department in Lidl Stiftung conduct audits on all areas to ensure pr:ocesscompliance. The results of all audits are presented to the board of directors and ail audidindings and remedies are logged in an audit software system. Any potential conflicts of interest are considered during the recruitm_ent process of new directors. There is also an annual process to identify any conflicts, and the Board are asked to consider.or report any conflicts on an on-going basis. Where a potential conflict exists, this is raised.in the Board,nieeting for approval. Principle 4 - Risksand Opportunities R_isks The Board consistently analyses, reviews, and updates any risks and opportunities to the Company's position in the market. Based on analysis of current and future risks the Company's strategy is reviewed on an annual basis and tactics for the coming year are defined. . . . . The Board has an internal control framework in place where various _systemsand processes are put iri place to manage and mitigate risks to the business. The Company has an internal database where step by step instructions on all processes are maintained, as well as a specific risk management team that sits within the. Legal and Compliance department which collates and maintains the risks of the business on behalf of the Board of Directors. On an annual basis, the Risk Management team liaises·wlth ·all departments within the business to highlight any new risks that the Company faces. The specific processes in the internal database must be reviewed· ~nd approved .by the Board ·on a regular basls. Having this in place ensures there is minimal deviation from the optimal process, and it helps identify• where the risks are and any action to be taken. The main risks·identified are: • Competitive market forces in the UK • Economic risk . • Supply chain risk • Foreign exchange risks· • Legal and compliance risks • Staffing • Technology • Environmenta.1impact. More information can be found il'.lthe Strategic Report section on pages 4 - 5.

Highlight [page 15]: Opportunities The Company has a monthly project advisory group meeting where business opportunities are identified, presented to the Board of Directors, and discussed. In addition, the Company has a forum called the "Idea Lab", where ideas to improve the business are put forward by colleagues and are reviewed and rewarded. The Company has identified an opportunity in continuing to focus on its bricks and mortar business by aiming to reach 1,100 stores in Great Britain by the .end of 2025. Further detail on the business opportunities that have been identified by the board in the year, and how the strategy has been implemented can be found in the _strategicreport, Principle 5 - Remunerat_ion The Company prides itself on being a fair and responsible employer and is-committed to nurturing talent within the business. The Company pay -structure is designE!d to ~e simple and transparent and is based on the mle an individual holds and their length of service within the business. The Company is proud to be one of the highest paying supermarkets in Britain. During the year, _the Company was pleased to announce its _latestdecision. to inc;reasewages: As of March 2022, entry-level pay increased from £9.50 to £10.10 per hour outside of London and £10-.85 to £11.30 within the M25, going up to £12.25, depending on location and length of service. As a result of the increase, .Udl employees will benefit from pay that is up·to 30% higher than the Government's current 'National Living Wage'. • • The :Company continues to invest in a-wide range of employee benefits an_dall colleagues receive an ln-store discount, a generous. hofiday allowance and a l:)espoke platform where employees can pick and choose benefits to suit them. • The Company has also put a focus on ensuring it has more family friendly benefits for example it has introduced the enhance·d paternity initiative and through its partnership with the N;,itional Childbirth Trust, colleagues can enjoy free membership. Lid.I Great Britain Limited is committed to being open and fair in how all colleagues are paid. The Company regularly produces a G·ender .Pay Gap Report which shows the overall difference in the average pay for men and women across Lidl Great Britain Limited. Through transparency and analysis of this data, it is visi_blethat from year to year the Company is making progress in dosing its median pay gap and reducing its mean pay gap. The Company is pleased to announce that as at 31 st March 2022, its median gender pay gap has completely closed, meaning there is no difference in the midpoint of pay between male and female colleagues and its mean gender pay gap was 10.5%. ihese figures compare to the UK national average of 15.4% for all employees (reference:. Office for National Statistics 2021). This gap is attributable to a greater proportion of males than females in the business, particularly in the upper quartile. The Company remains committed to working to reduce this figure further in the years ahead. • Principle 6 - Stakeholders The Company is committed to listening and proactively engaging to its broad range of stakeholders. The Company uses a variety ·of mechanisms to ensure active and ongoing insight and dialogue is maintained including stakeholder surveys, working groups, supplier days and direct meetings with NGOs,·pqlicy makers and industry leaders.

Highlight [page 16]: For the Company to be successful in its purpose of making good foot;! accessible for everyone, it recognises the needto closely consider the views of its stakeholders on social, environmental, ~ealth and economic topics. Lidl Great Britain Limited takes an inclusive approach to stakeholder input and methods of how the Company takes into consideration stakeholder concerns can be found in the stakeholder matrix on pages 7~9. • Stakeholder engagement plays an important c_ontribution to informing the Company's decision making, investment plans and ensuring that good food is adding value to producers, people, and ~he planet. To· provide importan·t context to its. stakeholders' views, the Company undertakes regular and comprehensive materiality assessments to understand issues that are most important to our key· stakehol~ers and ha_vethe greatest impact on ~he business. On material issuesthe Company ehgaged closely and directly with key stakeholders to maintain ongoing dialogue and collaborative action. · The Company always takes onboard stakeholder concerns and comments to con·tinue to evolve its strategy and business. The Company then publicly reports and tracks the progress of many of our sta~eholder: initiatives. All of this can be found in the Company's sustainability_ report, which is published every two years. The latest report can be -found in the sustainability section of the Company's website https://corporate.lidl.co.uk/sustainability.-UnderstandingCustomers The Company engages with its customers through its website, leaflets, social media, and traditional media channels. The Company understands consumer trends through regular market research such as focus groups ant;!customer surveys/insights to·test the impact of various CSRtrials and pil9ts such as "Eco-Scoreand Welfare Windows, further detail of this, can be found on page 7. It can use.this information to help tailor its marketing approach and product offerings; both of which are paramount to ensure customer satisfaction. • sure customer satisf There is a dedicated customer ser:viceteam available for any questions or concerns of our customers. Trends in customer feedback are collated and reviewed by the Bo.ard. The Board then determines any action points based on the feedback. Regular insight and l;!valuation of customers' expf;!ctations and material issues are conducted using comprehensive surveys. This allows the Company to get a greater understanding of consumer behaviour and demographi_csand tailor products accordingly. The Company is aware.that consumers want good healthy food that is affordable. The Company has continued to invest in its product development to be able to offer them just that. In 2021, for the first time the Company set ambitious goals to increase the proportion of sales of its healthy and healthier p~oducts to support customers healthy eating ambitions. Investingin people The Company continues to invest in its employees, with highly competitive pay rates that exceed those advocated by the Living Wage Foundation. It also has .a wide· range of training ant;! development . opportunities to support its diverse workforce, such as graduates and undergraduate_placements, the Store Manager development programmes or the international job rotations to help colleagues develop their career with the Company. Wellbeing.is a major focus for the Company to ensure'every colleague feels supported in and outside of the workplace. The Company's 'Feel Good Five' wellbeing •initiative includes mental· health awareness.training for.all line managers, to equip them with the necessary tools to spot issues and support team members in the right way. The Company also has an Employee Assistance Programme in place, offering a 24-hour support service that can be ~ccessedby all colleagues across the business.

Highlight [page 17]: The positive changes the Company is seeing is a resu~tof many workstreams coming together: • Hiring practices . All hiring managers receive recruitment training as standard, to ensure the Company's hiring practices remain fair and transparent. Where the Company has roles which typically see a higher ratio of male to female applicants~ the Company is working hard to attract more female talent to apply, through placing advertisements in media typically cons1:1medby females. The Company's commitment to advertising role vacancies internally, before publishing them externally, is. also enabling internal development an·d allowing females to successfully progress , through the business. • Ways of working and progression· The ~ompany ·has introduced 'talent forums', to ensure a fair and transparent approach .to the Company's appraisal process. The Company's commitment to more flexible working practices, includirig a mobile working policy; which c!llows colleagues to work from home up to two days a week· • where possible, means the Company is seeing !:>etterretention of women across the business, with more females choosing to stay with the business for longer. • • The Company has maintained its partnership with the Retail Week Be Inspired initiative, designed to encourage women to fulfil their career aspirations and connec.t them with those who can help propel and inspire them. • • Retainingfem~le talent The Company's enhancec;Imaternity leave policy, which offers up to 14 weeks full pay, is driving better retention among female colleagues. The Company's 'Diversity and Inclusion' working group continues to explore initiatives to attract, retain and S!Jpport the progression of female talent at Lidl Great Britain. While the Compa·ny continues to find new ways· to promote better gender parity across all levels, the Company's focus will be on. addressing the representation gap in the u·pper quartile: The· Company has expanded its 'Be Inspired Senior Leadership Academy'. This is a dedicated training programme, focused.on nurt1,1ringfemale talent and supporting them into leadership positions. More information on Gender.Pay Gap reporting can be found under Principle 5 -Remuneration page 15 on • Diversity As part of the Co.mpany'scommitment to promoting inclusivity, the Company has a partnership with Stonewall, ·the charity that focuses on helping workplaces to be more inclusive of the LGBTQI+ community, and in .general. The partnership provides all colleagues with access to Stonewall's extensive library of ,resources and toolkits, including seminars and webinar$ which will. be shared across its internal communication channels. • Commitmentto Producers •The Company has made a commitment to purchasing goods worth £15bn in the five years to 2024, from British suppliers, to help support the market in Great Britain. Suppliers of groceries and no~-food· range from. small family businesses to international corporations. The Company is increasi.ng its offering of longer-term contracts with British suppliers to give them more financial security and the. ability to invest for the future. Examples of commitment to its producers include the investment in a young farmers programme, . designed to support. new talent in the farming industry and champion the 'next generation'. The Lidl

Highlight [page 18]: Grassroots Dairy Partnership• Ambassadors. progra·mme,· in conjunction· with the Muller Direct Next Generation initiative, offers training· and mentoring for young· farmers, including 17 of which. are already supplying the Company through the -Lidlfixed-price agreement. The Company is committed to the UN Guiding Principles on Business and Human Rights (UNGPs) and implements human rights due-diligence as part of its _businessoperations. The human rights risks in its supply chains_ <;1resystematically monitored •and assessed. This assessment informs priority interventions within supply chains to uphold human rights and improve conditions. . ,· Supportingcommunitie•s The Company is committed to communities across Great Britain. strengthening the • connection and support provided _to. local Through a partnership with Neighbourly, the Company operates an initiative called "feed jt back" where it provides sustained long-term support to over 2,000 local community gro.upsthrough product and surplus donation. In ongoing efforts to reduce food waste across the business, the Company donates surplus food to local charities and comm uni~ groups each day. So far, including ·donations to His Church, the initiative has already provided over 19 _milli_onmeals • The Company has partnered with ·the Nationai: Soci_etyfor the Preventjon of Cruelty to Children (NSPCC)and has extended its partnership, with new targets to raise £10m over 8 years, having already 1 achieved £Sm of this t!:)rget. • • Protectingthe ·planet It is clear global warming is the one of the biggest global challenges and significant interventions a_re required to ensure long-term and sustainable food production. As part of the Schwarz Group, the Company has committed to setting a science-based.target (SBT), which will be submitted for validation by the Science Based target Initiative (SBTI): The Company is a funder and supporter of the BRC (British Retailer Consortium) 'Net Zero Roadmap for the Retail . Industry' to guide the sector to a net zero position by i040,announced in August 2020. As part of these wider comi:nitments, Lidl Great Britain Limited set ambitious climate targets in 2021 and announced that they will.become carbon neutral by the end of 2022. The_targets set aim to reduce CO2 emissions from own operations (Scope 1 & 2), aligned to help limit global warming to 1.5 deg_rees. To achieve this, the Company will focus on cutting carbon emissions across its stores and distribution centres. The Company has invested in the decarbonising of its operations and to help its customers play their part in building a low carbon economy. The Company purchases 100% of its electricity for all of its· portfolio including Head Office from renewable sources and is committed to installing solar panels on all new stores, where permissible, and continued investment in the latest refrigeration and lighting technologies to.improve overall energy efficiency The Company is also encouraging its customers to play their part by investing in electric car chargfog points and installing these in its stores up and down the country. A.spart of its commitment to install 350 rapid electric vehicle charging points by the end of 2022, th·e Company reached the 100th. rap(d charger milestone in 2021. The new HQ has largest ·number of EV charging points in one location in the UK. Further detail on specific targets, greenhouse gas (GHG) emissions figures, energy usage and ene.rgy efficiency action taken in the period can be.found in the Strean:,lined Energy and Carbon Reporting section in pages 22-& 23 of the Director's report.

Highlight [page 19]: Plastic waste remains an environmental priority. Since 2018, Lidl Great Britai Limitedn has publicly reported on t~e plastic packaging footprint and ~as reduced own-label plastic ·packagingby 18% since 2017. This is tratked against the ambitious targets the Company has to drive plastic reduction. These priorities were strengthened in 2021 and include committing·to 40.% reduction in .own-labe.l plastic packaging by 2025 and a commitment to reduce .the total amount of own-label packaging by 25% by 2025. • , . . . . .. In 2021, the Company bec1:1methe first British retailer to introduce Prevented Ocean Plastic into its packa•ging,which is now preventing more than four million water bottles from entering the ocean .each year. The Company is committed to drastically reducing the level of food was~ed in its opera~ions, supply chains and at customers' homes. T.hrouglJincreased redistribution efforts an(fimproved discounting strategy the Company significantly reduced operational food wa~te, cutting it by almost one third, since 2016. . . . • • • . . As part of_its journey towards greater transparency, the Company has committed to publishing tier one information on its food and non-food supply chains on an annual. basis, including fruit and veg suppliers into the scope of the commitmenfin 2020. Further information on the Company's-plastic targets can befound in the Sustainability section of our website https://corporate.lidl.co.uk/sustainability