
Highlight [page 7]: Corporate Governance Report For the year ended 31 March 2022, under The Companies (Miscellaneous Reporting) Regulations 2018, the group has applied the Wates Corporate Governance Principles for Large Private Companies ("the Principles") published by the Financial Reporting Council ("FRC") in December 2018 and available on the FRC website at www.frc.org. uk/directors/corporate-govemance-and-stewardship/govemance-of-large-pri vale-companies. These corporate governance reporting requirements apply to financial years starting on or after I January 2019 and companies are able to adopt the Principles as an appropriate framework when making disclosures regarding corporate governance arrangements. Set out below is how the board has applied the Principles during the year. Principle 1 - Purpose n11dLeadership The consistent focus of the board and executive management is the continued implementation of The Listers Way which defines our purpose, goals and behaviours. The Listers Way reflects the fact that the fundamental basics of our business are simple; we put the customer first in everything we do, we respect them and aim to exceed their expectations every time. This ethos has served Listers for over forty years and has consistently guided the actions of the board and executive management <luting the year. We see no reason to change. A particular focus of the board and executive management during the year included: • expanding our internal directorships to include IT Operations Director, HR Director, Director of Used Cars and Fleet Director. We believe this demonstrates our focus not only on our people and their welfare but on both new modes of transacting with customers, whilst recognising the strength we have in our existing model, and doubling down on our commitment to our valued fleet customers; e managing our operation at a strategic level to reflect the challenges and oppmtunities of a post-pandemic environment. Having observed higher than usual levels of staff anxiety, as well as a shift in priorities, as we return to more orthodox work patterns we have used technology and flexible working patterns to meet the challenges of new requirements and attitudes; • training and implementation of new practices associated with the FCA Senior Managers and Certification Regime. The composition of the board, as set out below, ensures that there is a balance between short-term targets and needs, and long-term aspirations. Principle 2 - Board Co111positio11 The board comprises a separate Non-Executive Chairman and Chief Executive to ensure that the balance of responsibilities, accountabilities and decision making across the group are effectively maintained. The board constitutes the Non-Executive Chairman, the Chief Executive, the Managing Director, the Chief Operating Officer, four other family members representing the interests of all shareholders, and the Finance Director who is independent of the family members representing the shareholders. This size and composition of the board is appropriate to our large yet focused business and ensures that the views of all shareholders are considered and that there is an appropriate combination of skills, backgrounds, experience and knowledge that promotes accountability and incorporates objective thought. Notably, the board composition ensures that there is a balance of automotive industry knowledge and broad business acumen. The Finance Director brings relevant financial experience and experience of working within the automotive industry. The board acknowledges that the unique nature of the group and ownership structure results in relative lack of diversity on the board. The board is committed to developing a more diverse workforce, including at the most senior levels. Pri11ciple3 - Dfrector Responsibilities The board and individual Directors have a clear understanding of their accountability and responsibilities. A Shareholders' agreement sets out the activities and responsibilities of the board and, in particular, the roles of the Chief Executive and Chief Operating Officer.

Highlight [page 8]: Pri11ciple3 - Director Respo11sihilities(continued) A quorum of the board meets for a programme of four principal meetings each year and there is a clearly defined list of matters reserved for the board, which includes approval of dividends, business acquisitions, financing arrangements, property acquisitions and disposals and approval of budgets and business plans. As part of every group board meeting, the governance of the group is discussed. The board's key areas of focus during the year are set out in the Section 172 Companies Act 2006 statement in the Strategic report on pages 2 to 3. The board receives regular and timely infmmation on all key aspects of the business including risks and opportunities, the financial performance of the business, strategy, operational matters, market conditions and sustainability, all supported by Key Performance Indicators (K.Pls). Pri11ciple4 - Opportunity am/ Risk The board seeks out opportunity whilst managing risk. The group's key operational risks and mitigations are outlined in the Strategic repmt on page I. Pl'i11ciple 5 -Re1111111emtio11 The remuneration of the Executive Directors, notably the Chief Executive and Chief Operating Officer is formally documented and approved by the board and is directly linked to the financial performance of the business. The board considers that the performance related remuneration of the Executive Directors, combined with the fact that the Executive Directors are also significant shareholders, results in an incentive structure that is aligned to both the short-term performance and long-tenn sustainable success of the business. Such a structure, in tum, aligns with the interests of broader stakeholders including the wider employee base. Pri11ciple6-Stakeholder Relatio11s1,ipsand E11gage111e11t The board is clear that good governance and effective communication are essential on a day-to-day basis to uphold The Listers Way and to protect the group's brand, reputation and relationships with all of its stakeholder community including shareholders, customers, employees, suppliers and the local communities in which the group operates. The board recognises that the success of the business is a product of the great people that work for the group and the many well-recognised and prestigious brands that trust it to represent them. As a result, the group places considerable value on engagement with employees and maintains an active dialogue. The group communicates to its employees and seeks their views through presentations, internal group-wide emails and Listers Portal. The interests of employees in the group's performance are augmented by performance related remuneration, where appropriate, as well as by reward schemes that are open to a particular category of employee or to all employees. As franchised dealers the relationship and communication with our suppliers is comprehensive and well documented. There is constant and fluid communication at every level of the group with every level of our manufacturer pa1tners. We actively encourage our employees to join advisory groups where franchisee opinion is sought. The group seeks customer feedback through an extensive array of communication channels at vaiying points throughout the customer experience.