
Highlight [page 18]: Corporate Governance Report For the year ended December 31, 2021 the Company applied the Wates Corporate Governance Principles for Large Private Companies ("Wates Principles") to its business and this report sets out how the Wates Principles were applied. The Company is a wholly owned subsidiary of Allianz Holdings pie (AZH) and is the intermediate holding company for a group of subsidiary companies ('LVGIG Group'). The Company's Board meets alongside the board of directors of other key regulated entities and holding companies within the Group (collectively, the "Boards"), which are comprised of the same Directors and these Boards apply the same group governance structure as detailed in the Section 172 Statement on page 5. This governance framework ensures that the Company's Board also has regard to the overall strategy, interests and direction of the Group as a whole, when taking decisions and in its discussions. This includes considering the impact on the broader stakeholders of the Group, the environment in which the Company and the Group operate and the long-term success of the Company and the Group as a whole. Principle One - Purpose and Leadership Purpose The LVGIG Group has the ambition to be the best loved and most recommended by customers and partners, to attract and retain the best people and consistently exceed target returns and be recognised as leading the industry in its approach to ESG. This strategy is achieved through people centricity (putting people first), maintaining customer satisfaction and retention rates, and growth through outperformance in chosen markets across the Group's business. The strategy is in harmony with and complements the purpose and strategy of the Group which is committed to the wider Allianz SE Group's purpose of "We secure your future" and business strategy of "Simplicity at Scale". The key strategic objectives of the Allianz SE Group's strategy are to "Outperform, Transform and Rebalance" and is underpinned by the Renewal Agenda which comprises five important themes of customer centricity, technical excellence, digital by default. growth engines and inclusive meritocracy. The Company aims to deliver attractive and consistent returns to its immediate shareholder and consequently to the Group and Allianz SE Group. Customers are at the heart of all businesses within the LVGIG Group with the customer centric culture embedded in the Company's business, with the purpose, "Helping you look after what you love". Allianz benchmarks itself against best in class to continually improve the customer experience and leverage learning from other parts of the Group's business. The IT and digital capabilities within the Group are being transformed through an Allianz SE Group wide initiative. Values and Culture Allianz's values are embedded within its culture. The Boards (of AZH and the Company) have a strong emphasis on integrity and honesty, evidenced by regular engagement and communication with the workforce. During 2021, an independent third party was engaged to provide an assessment and more detailed understanding of the current culture and its impact which it aims to align with the regulatory requirements. The review included, amongst other things, exploring how the culture supports the delivery of good customer outcomes, differences and similarities in culture between Allianz Commercial and Allianz Personal divisions of the business and whether the purpose is understood by employees. The review involved interviews, focus groups and a survey and the Boards received a report on the findings. The survey found that the culture was centred on caring for Allianz's people and customers. Detailed action plans were developed based on the findings, which will enable the Boards to lead on shaping the desired culture as the business grows and develops as a part of the Group, drawing on the positive cultural aspects across the Group.

Highlight [page 19]: Values and Culture (continued) The LVGIG Group's policies and practices define the values and its workforce must uphold the values through their attitudes and behaviours. The performance of all of employees is measured against attributes and success factors which are aligned with Allianz's values, which for LVGIG employees are Be Brave; Inspire Trust; With Heart and Everyone Counts. When AZH (or its subsidiaries) procure products and services from third parties, it looks to do so in a sustainable manner and with an unwavering commitment to transparency within any supply chain. With respect to AZH's own products and services, they must always be clearly explained and honestly marketed. In 2021, Allianz introduced its sustainable procurement charter to encourage its suppliers to adopt and develop sound Environmental, Social and Governance (ESG) practices. For future tender assessments, Allianz will apply a minimum weighting of 10% to ESG factors, as a way of prioritising suppliers that have embedded sustainable and ethical practices within their organisation. Allianz will also provide support and education to suppliers who are invested in ESG. The insurer wants to partner with suppliers who understand the nature of the materials, products and services they're providing and the importance of protecting the environment and fostering good relations with their employees and their local communities. The Company's environmental, social and governance strategy is aligned with that of the Group's strategy. Under this strategy Allianz believes that its role is to set the tone from the top on governance, culture and purpose and to be collectively responsible for the long-term success of the Company. For the Board, this means not only ensuring that the culture is fully embedded throughout the workplace, but ensuring that the Group complies with all relevant laws and regulations, has high standards of internal control and risk management, and that runs its business with integrity. The Group promotes, amongst many other things: staff wellbeing, apprenticeships to support staff in retraining for digital roles, managing supply chains in a socially responsible manner, exploring opportunities for strategic growth through new product development and new channels of distribution, as well as providing excellent customer service proven through the market leading Net Promoter Scores (NPS). 2021 marked the second anniversary of the collaborative partnership with the University of Bristol (UoB) which was started with the vision of igniting a multi-disciplinary relationship and to play a part in developing the data scientists of tomorrow. Over the course of two years, a wide range of links have been established across the university with more than ten Centres for Doctoral Training (CDTs) and institutes through actively collaborating in cutting-edge post-doctorate (2), doctorate (4) and masters (5+) level research. Support is also being provided to a number of student societies and are the exclusive sponsors of the Data Science Society. Since day one, UoB based data science team has grown from four to more than fifteen data scientists and engineers including talented UoB alumni which were recruited through internships and a breadth of careers events were supported or organised. Additionally, twenty employees started in the 2021/2022 academic year to undertake a co-developed MSc in Data Science. LVGIG's partnership with the England and Wales Cricket Board (ECB) provides financial support through #Funds4Runs to help local clubs and communities get back on their feet and support some of the ECB's priorities - promoting ethnic diversity, cricket for women and people with disabilities, as well as grassroots cricket. LVGIG donated £100,000 for this programme in 2021.

Highlight [page 20]: Values and Culture (continued) In 2021, LVGIG also entered into a three year charity partnership with Family Action, who have been building stronger families since 1869. Family Action supports families and helps them build a brighter future. They do this by providing emotional, practical and financial support to more than 60,000 families every year through over 160 community-based and national services. LVGIG are supporting their FamilyLine service by donating £1 million over the duration of the partnership through corporate donations, fundraising and charity matching. FamilyLine is a free national helpline that provides support to adult family members on all aspects of family life issues via telephone, text message and email. People contact FamilyLine for many reasons, whether it's the need for emotional support or practical advice on any aspect of parenting or broader family issues. Since the start of the COVID-19 crisis, FamilyLine has seen a significant surge in families requiring ongoing support and need additional support to continue to allow their services to meet the growing demand. In addition, employees have signed up as trained volunteers to support callers through befriending activities. Strategy In line with the Company's purpose, the Board sets its strategy and oversees performance against the strategic objectives. Strategy is developed by the Board as part of the Group strategy with common purpose, values and strategic goals set by the Boards. The strategy is segmented by business line, including a strategy for LVGIG and its subsidiaries, which complements the wider Group strategy. The Company's Board has regard to any regulatory aspects or impacts of the strategy. As a Director of AZH and the Company's Board, the Allianz Personal CEO engages with the Company's Board, the wider AZH Executive Committee and the Allianz Personal Executive Committee to develop the strategy for Allianz Personal, including the Company's business. The Company's strategy is approved by the Boards as a part of the Group's strategy as a whole and by the Company's Board as well as being discussed and agreed with the ultimate shareholder, Allianz SE, through the annual Strategic Planning and Strategic Dialogue processes. The strategy is then implemented by the CEO of Allianz Personal. The Company's strategy is focused, through its subsidiaries, on the personal lines business including Home and Motor as well as continuing to invest in innovative new propositions. To achieve this, the business strategy is to put people first and Allianz's customers at the heart of everything it does. This is supported by being a broad and balanced business, creating strength through scale but remaining simple and efficient. Throughout 2021 Allianz focused a significant amount of time on creating an environment where employees of all backgrounds, felt included and were able to succeed, and also ensuring that Allianz continues to operate in an ethical, environmentally friendly and sustainable manner. Allianz's progress in this area was also recognised as LVGIG were awarded 6th place in the Inclusive top 50 UK Employers List in 2021, up from 16th place in 2020. Principle Two - Board Composition Composition, Size and Structure For the year ended December 31, 2021, the Board of the Company comprised five independent non-executive directors, including an independent non-executive Chair, one shareholder nominated non-executive director and three executive directors. In 2022, following the appointment of C J Holmes, S C McGinn, T Robson-Capps and J R Vazquez to the Board, the executive and non-executive directorships have increased to four and eight respectively.

Highlight [page 21]: Composition, Size and Structure (continued) During 2020, R O Hudson indicated his intention to step down as Chair in 2021. P J Evans was selected to become the new independent non-executive Chair and a Director of the Company and was appointed with effect from May 14 2021, on receipt of regulatory approval. R O Hudson resigned from the same date. P J Evans' appointment was made through a robust selection process focussed around finding a candidate with sufficient board and chairing experience as well as relevant skills and competencies to make a meaningful contribution as the Chair of the Board. An independent executive search firm was engaged to support the selection process which was led by the outgoing Chair and overseen by the Compensation & Nomination Committee with the appointment being finally approved by the Board. The UK Group CEO and Shareholder nominated director also contributed to the selection process. The executive Directors include the Group CEO {J M Dye to November 30, 2021) and the Allianz Personal CEO (S Treloar) as well as the Group CFO. On November 30 2021, J M Dye, stepped down as CEO of the Group and resigned as a Director of both AZH and the Company. J M Dye was replaced by C J Holmes as CEO of the Group. C J Holmes was appointed to the Company's Board subject to regulatory approval and whilst awaiting regulatory approval the Directors decided to formally approve his appointment as a Director with effect from February 22, 2022.This composition is considered appropriate for the size and nature of the business, and provides the appropriate combination of skills, experience and knowledge required for the Board to carry out its responsibilities. In July 2021, the Group was restructured creating two trading divisions, Allianz Personal and Allianz Commercial supported by the integrated central functions of Operations, Finance, Risk and Human Resources. Each trading division has a CEO to lead that part of the business: Allianz Personal is led by S Treloar and Allianz Commercial is led by SC McGinn. As a result of the restructure, S C McGinn was appointed as an additional executive Director of the Company (and AZH) during 2021. Whilst awaiting regulatory approval, the Directors decided to formally approve S C McGinn's appointment as a Director with effect from February 22, 2022. The revised structure of the Board better reflects the nature of the business of the Company and the Group. Following the Group's governance effectiveness review which was undertaken during 2021, one of the non-executives was appointed as Senior Independent Director. The shareholder nominated Director resigned at the end of 2020 and the replacement Director CG Townsend was appointed April 29, 2021 on receipt of regulatory approval. The Board approved the appointment of two independent non-executive directors, T Robson-Capps on April 13, 2022 and J R Vazquez on June 1, 2022 following a review of the structure, size and composition of the Boards, taking account of its current and future needs and the terms of existing non-executive directors. An external executive search firm was engaged to support the recruitment process, from a panel of firms considered for this purpose, and it recommended a long list of candidates. The Chairs of the Board and the Compensation & Nomination Committee and the Chief HR Officer reviewed the list of candidates and forwarded a short list to the Compensation & Nomination Committee which made recommendations to the Board for these appointments. The Group CEO and the shareholder nominated non-executive director also participated in the recruitment process. The roles of the Chair (who is Chair of AZH and the Company) and both AZH CEO and Allianz Personal CEO are separate and clearly defined. The non-executive Chair is responsible for the effectiveness of the Board, including facilitating objective debate to ensure effective decision-making. The Allianz Personal CEO is responsible for executing the strategy of the Company and the wider Allianz Personal business.

Highlight [page 22]: Diversity and Inclusion The Boards remain committed to increasing diversity across the business and the Group operates a diversity and inclusion policy to encourage a more diverse and inclusive environment at all levels of the business. Diversity and inclusion is an important topic within the Group and is fully supported by the Boards and the AZH Executive Committee. Within the wider UK Group there is a diversity and inclusion steering committee sponsored by the Group CEO which develops the diversity and inclusion action plan. During the year, a member of the AZH Executive Committee was also on the Allianz SE Group Global Inclusion Council that develops and drives the global strategy. The Group had developed a range of employee-led networks across the business which specialise in and promote aspects of diversity and inclusion. These include working parents and carers, intergenerational working, gender balance, LBGTQIA+, cultural and ethnic diversity, disability and long-term health conditions and mental health. As an example of the Group and Company's commitment to equality of opportunity for all people, in 2021, the Group introduced a Transitioning at Work corporate rule. This was spearheaded by the Group's employee Pride networks, in collaboration with Stonewall. The functional rule stresses the importance for Allianz to create a supportive environment and provides a level playing field for all employees. It also highlights the legal context and protections afforded to trans colleagues, and the key considerations and responsibilities to create a safe and inclusive environment for anyone who may be transitioning at work or considering transition. In relation to the Board, as at December 31, 2021, two of the eight members (25%) of the Board were female. Following the appointment of S C McGinn, C J Holmes, T Robson-Capps and J R Vazquez to the Board in 2022, the composition has remained at 25% female. The composition of the Board is the same as that of AZH. New appointments to the Company's Board are recommended by the Compensation & Nomination Committee after consideration of the Board's composition in terms of its balance of skills, experience, length of service, knowledge ·of the Group and wider diversity considerations. The Board has taken account of its need to diversify the Board's composition when new directors have been appointed. The non-executive Directors bring a broad range of experience and skills to the Board which are highly relevant to the insurance sector and therefore they provide objective and constructive challenge to the executive Directors. Other highlights included the introduction of a new Diversity and Inclusion Action Group to lead on workforce equality across LVGIG and the development of initiatives around recruitment and talent development to progress how the target of 40% of females in senior management roles is met by the end of 2023. In addition, all members of the Allianz Personal Executive Committee have entered into a reverse mentoring partnership with members of the ethnic diversity employee group and inclusion training has been developed covering tools and techniques for calling out non-inclusive language and behaviours. This is planned to be delivered to the whole workforce by the end of 2022. Effectiveness Under the Group's corporate governance framework, an external provider is engaged to carry out a Board effectiveness review every three years and in the intervening years there are annual Board self-assessment effectiveness reviews. The effectiveness reviews cover the Company, AZH and the other key entities in the Group.

Highlight [page 23]: Effectiveness (continued) During 2021 the Boards undertook a detailed Board governance effectiveness review led by the new Chair, P J Evans, in conjunction with the Company Secretary. An independent third party was engaged to assist with carrying out an effectiveness survey as part of this review. The effectiveness review was forward looking and focused on opportunities to enhance governance effectiveness following the completion and ongoing integration following the acquisitions of the LVGIG and Legal & General insurance business at the end of 2019. The review covered Board and Committee effectiveness in all respects and also considered some specific areas such as ensuring that customer outcomes and conduct risks were fully considered in alt major decisions. The methodology used included a director skills assessment, director behavioural feedback, the effectiveness survey and reviews of terms of reference and agendas. The review concluded that there was a strong foundation for effective governance. Opportunities for improvement were identified and actions plans were drawn up with progress against the actions reviewed by the Board and relevant Board Committees quarterly. The effectiveness review also recommended the appointment of a Senior Independent Director and following the review, RM Murison was appointed to this role, subject to regulatory approval. Since the Board effectiveness review improvements have been implemented and the actions will continue to be tracked by the Board during 2022. A aoard effectiveness survey is planned in 2022 to monitor progress. At the beginning of 2023 an independent externally led Board effectiveness review is planned, which will review the effectiveness of the Board and review embedding and progress against the actions from the 2021 review. The Directors are provided with a comprehensive and tailored induction on joining the Board and regularly meet with senior managers across the business. During the year, P J Evans was appointed as Chair. P J Evans received a full induction, spending time getting to know the business from late 2020 onwards and ensuring a comprehensive hand over from R O Hudson. Induction for T Robson-Capps and J R Vazquez is presently underway with oversight from the Chair of the Board. External advisors are invited to provide detailed updates and training on various topics as required in order to support ongoing professional development of the Directors. Non-executive Directors have access to the Chief Legal Officer and Company Secretary and can take independent professional advice at the Company's expense. During the year, the Directors received training by participating in four quarterly deep dive sessions with management. The sessions cover updates on certain topics as well as discussion. The topics varied between those which focus on one area of the business and those which focus on the Group. There were four sessions during the year and the following topics were discussed at these sessions: Information Security deep dive on CBEST, a framework to test and improve financial sector cyber resilience; LV Internal Model proposal and its comparison to AZl's model; operational resilience including methodology for determining Important Business Services; review of the PRA's 2021 Climate Biennial Exploratory Scenario; credit risk and credit spread risk scenario; and capital allocation. In November 2021, following an action arising from the Board governance effectiveness review, the Boards approved a new consolidated Board training plan. The new training plan reviews topics across the business, which are relevant to the Boards and individual Committees. The outcome will be a greater focus on different training topics and needs of the Directors, in addition to the deep dives which have in the past been predominantly risk based.

Highlight [page 24]: Principle Three - Director Responsibilities Accountability The Board operates under a corporate governance framework that provides the required structure to enable prudent yet entrepreneurial management. The Board held quarterly meetings during 2021 as well as strategy days with members of the Executive Team. There were also a number of ad hoc meetings during the year. The agenda for each Board meeting is considered by the Chair, Group CEO, and the Company Secretary to ensure that all regulatory, business and governance matters are considered appropriately. This ensures that the Board is accountable and can effectively carry out its responsibilities. Both Allianz SE Group and Group policies are applied to the operation of the Company's Board and its function, as well as to the wider business. The Governance & Control Policy, are reviewed and approved annually to ensure continued relevance and effectiveness. Individually each Board Director is required to perform their role in accordance with prescribed role profiles and competency requirements. Annual Board Fit and Proper assessments as part of the Senior Manager and Certification Regime processes help to ensure the Board members remain "fit and proper" to undertake their duties (both fiduciary and regulatory) and responsibilities to the Company. All Directors are expected to report any interests they have including any potential conflicts of interest. The Directors declare any interests at each Board meeting and the register of Directors' interests is reviewed. Where required, appropriate mitigations will be put in place, including where necessary a member recusing themselves from a particular agenda item or decision to ensure the interests of the Company are not compromised. Board Committees The Company's Board composition is aligned with the Boards, with the same Directors on these Boards. Board meetings for all of the entities with aligned Boards are held together with the Boards, with each Company discussing matters relevant to it and the Directors considering matters from the perspective of each relevant Company for each item on the agenda. The Boards and the Company's Board delegate certain activities to committees including the AZH Executive Committee, the Audit Committee, the Risk Committee, the Customer & Conduct Committee, the Compensation & Nomination Committee and the Finance & Investment Committee. All of these committees (save for the AZH Executive Committee and the Finance & Investment Committee) are chaired by a non-executive Director who provides constructive challenge and influence across the work carried out by those committees. The Finance & Investment Committee has one non-executive Director member and is chaired by the Group CEO. The AZH Executive Committee consists of the accountable executives for the Group. All of the Committees consider matters for the Group as a whole and matters which pertain to a particular division or Company, as required. However, there are also separate Allianz Commercial and Allianz Personal executive committees, which are sub-committees of the AZH Executive Committee, chaired by the respective CEOs, which are forums to help the divisional CEOs lead those divisions. In addition, during the year the terms of reference of each of the Committees was reviewed and updated to ensure the duties and authorities delegated to the Committees are clearly set out and defined and that the split of responsibilities between the Committees is clear. However, the Board retains ultimate responsibility for final decisions and each Committee recommends relevant matters to the Board for final approval. Following the effectiveness review of the Boards which took place in 2021, culture matters were clarified as being the responsibility of the Boards, rather than being delegated to the Customer & Conduct Committee. The Customer & Conduct Committee continues to focus on customer outcomes and impacts and conduct issues.

Highlight [page 25]: Integrity of Information The provision of clear, precise and relevant management information and reports to the Boards and the Company's Board is fundamental to achieving good governance and efficient decision-making and operations. There are formal and robust internal processes to ensure that the systems and controls in place are operating effectively, and that the Boards receive accurate, regular and timely information about the performance of the business. During 2020 and 2021 new Board reporting templates were rolled out, together with training, to ensure that papers are clear, consider relevant stakeholders, determine what action is required of the Board, contain an executive summary and conclusions. Further steps were also taken to ensure that Board packs are delivered to agreed timescales to allow sufficient time for Directors to review ahead of the meeting and facilitate useful debate and challenge at the meeting. Information provided includes financial information, review of actual performance against plan, strategy updates, project updates, certain metrics and data and market developments. The Group's internal audit function prepares an annual risk-based plan of audits, derived from an audit universe, defined and revised annually, covering the complete system of governance. This includes the controls surrounding the processes for collecting and reporting data. The annual plan is approved by the Audit Committee with quarterly reporting on progress to the Audit Committee and the Boards. The Company's Board is therefore aware of and has oversight of these matters as appropriate and relevant to the Company and its activities. Principle Four - Opportunity and Risk Opportunity The Boards actively consider and approve strategic opportunities as these are key drivers of the strategy to outperform in Allianz's chosen markets. In 2021, this included launching the Electric Vehicle portal, and continuing the full integration of the L&G general insurance business with customer policies continuing migration into LVGIG Broker. The continued use of artificial intelligence and systems thinking to improve both efficiency of process and customer experience were instrumental in helping to attain ServiceMark Accreditation from the Institute of Customer Service for LVGIG Broker and Insurance Provider of the Year 2021 and as a recommended provider for Car, Home and Breakdown for Which. The Boards review and approve the strategy including threats and opportunities (considering the agreed risk appetites) following the planning dialogue which takes place in October and November each year with the ultimate shareholder ahead of the following financial year. Further information on the strategy setting process is provided under Principle One. Risk At Allianz, the enterprise risk management framework forms the overarching framework for management to deal with the various risks the Company may encounter, as well as their tracking and monitoring. This also ensures that the Company has processes in place by which it assesses the risks that it is exposed to, both on a current and forward-looking basis. All businesses face uncertainty, and the challenge for management is to determine how much uncertainty Allianz is prepared to accept as it strives to grow stakeholder and customer value. Uncertainty presents both risk and opportunity, with the potential to erode or enhance value.

Highlight [page 26]: Risk (continued) The Enterprise Risk Management ("ERM") framework forms the overarching framework for management to deal with the various risks Allianz may encounter, as well as their tracking and monitoring. This also ensures that Allianz has processes in place by which it assesses the risks that it is exposed to, both on a current and forward-looking basis. The Boards delegate oversight of risk management to the Chief Risk Officer ("CRO") and the Risk Committee. The CRO is a member of the AZH Executive Committee and a standing invitee to the Boards. The CRO is supported by the Risk Department which provides qualitative and quantitative experts across Personal and Commercial insurance business units. However, managers in the business units are responsible for managing risk in their own areas. To ensure the Group and the Company are always prepared in a rapidly changing environment, it has a number of key risk management processes and policies. These processes rely on a clear governance structure to enable effective risk management and culture. Allianz has an internal control framework, which is articulated in the Board Governance and Control Policy. The Board is able to make informed and robust decisions due to the risk management systems described in the Risk Policy. The Risk Committee monitors performance against the risk management systems through the quarterly Own Risk and Solvency Assessment (ORSA) updates which it receives and reviews. Any significant deviations from the policy or other issues identified are communicated to the Board by the Risk Committee. A Governance & Control Committee, overseen by the Chief Legal Officer and Company Secretary, supports the Board and AZH Executive Committee in fulfilling their responsibilities in respect of the effectiveness of the Group's system of governance. The Committee consists of senior leadership within the Group to oversee the Group's system of governance and seek assurance that the governance framework is appropriate and effective. The Group's system of governance is subject to annual review to ensure it continues to provide for sound and prudent management of the business of the Company (with a Statement of Accountability being signed by the Group CEO and Group Chief Financial Officer and provided to the Allianz SE Group as part of its own governance review). Responsibilities The Board's responsibilities include strategy, strategic asset allocation, establishment and maintenance of the system of internal control, approval of new appointments to key functions, and the overall operation of the Company. The Board is responsible for setting and reviewing the Company's risk appetite. The Company has a written statement confirming the degree of uncertainty (or risk) that the Company is willing to accept in the pursuit of its goals. The Company has a conservative and controlled risk appetite that is aligned to achieving corporate objectives and meeting regulatory requirements as well as the requirements of its parent company, Allianz Holdings pie. In relation to the objectives in the annual corporate plan, the Company aims to ensure that no event or combination of events is possible that will cause a variance in result which is not consistent with the stated risk appetite. The Risk Committee is responsible for oversight of risks, both current and emerging. Mitigation activities are agreed by the Risk Committee and issues, such as reputational risk events, are escalated and acted upon as appropriate. Risks are monitored by the Risk Department via the risk management systems in place.

Highlight [page 27]: Responsibilities (continued) The Company and Group have established clear communication channels. Internally, risks are discussed and escalated-to relevant committees including the Risk Committee. Externally the risk profile is outlined in the annual report and solvency and financial condition report. Principle Five - Remuneration The Compensation & Nomination Committee of the Boards is responsible for oversight of the Group's compensation strategy and making recommendations to the Boards on matters concerning the remuneration of the Directors and senior executives within the Company's business. Group Remuneration Strategy and policies ensure that remuneration of all employees is aligned to the performance of the business and adherence to its values and behaviours. Remuneration policy also ensures that reputational and behavioural risks to the Company and Group from inappropriate incentives or arrangements are carefully considered and such arrangements are not put in place across the Group. The remuneration of employees below Allianz Senior Executive level is overseen by the AZH Executive Committee. During the year the Compensation & Nomination Committee met the requirements of its clearly defined terms of reference, which included reviewing and publishing the Gender Pay Gap Report for 2021. The Boards approved the publication of the Gender Pay Gap report for 2021 which emphasises the approach of Allianz to being an active and equal opportunities employer who promotes a workplace where everyone receives equal treatment regardless of age, gender, nationality, ethnic origin, religion, marital status, sexual orientation or disability. Setting Remuneration Compensation is set with reference to the Group's Remuneration Policy (which contains malus arrangements) and to the compensation framework set up by Allianz SE's Group Compensation Committee. The Compensation & Nomination Committee determines total remuneration in relation to Directors (executive and non-executive) and senior executives. The Compensation & Nomination Committee seeks external input from specialist advisors on, for example, market trends and benchmarking. The Compensation & Nomination Committee also takes into account relevant UK regulatory guidance on remuneration. When setting the bonuses to be paid in respect of the 2021 financial year, consideration was given to market conditions following the impact of COVID-19. Different stakeholder groups such as customers and the shareholder were considered, including the Compensation & Nomination Committee being satisfied that customers had been protected, when determining appropriate levels of bonus payments. There is in place a robust process to assess how material risk takers have managed material risk events and risks therein, including conduct related risks, and influenced the risk profile of the business requiring adjustments to their remuneration. The Committee also oversees the design and operation of the performance management framework in meeting the Company's objectives and local regulatory requirements and suggests changes to it. Principle Six - Stakeholder Relationships and Engagement External Impacts Good and effective governance underpins and drives a number of key business objectives including: growth and profitability, product performance, customer satisfaction, co-operative arrangements with third party stakeholders and suppliers, and sustainability.

Highlight [page 28]: Corporate Governance Report (continued) External Impacts (continued) Allianz is acutely aware of the broader impact it has on its various environments, its customers and society in general, and adheres to the Group's corporate social responsibility policies and practices. In addition, sustainability is a key objective of the business, informing what it does and in particular the goods and services it procures. Throughout 2021 the Company focused a significant amount of time on creating an environment where employees of all backgrounds felt included and were able to succeed, and also ensuring that Allianz continues to operate in an ethical, environmentally friendly and sustainable manner. This was particularly relevant with the continued wellbeing support and financial security offered to all employees in response to the challenges of the COVID-19 pandemic. Some of the activities in place to support this through the year were: • A plan for direct engagement of the Boards with the workforce, over and above current engagement methods employed, was reviewed and will be developed in 2022 as part of the new Allianz structure. • An employee consultation forum is in place and support has been provided to enable this forum to become the main vehicle for Boards and workforce direct engagement. • Workforce engagement scores were reviewed regularly by the Boards. • Talent and succession planning was reviewed by the Boards in 2021. • Six Diversity & Inclusion employee network groups are in place to support engagement, education and raising awareness on topics and issues and to provide a safe space for employee communities and allies to meet and share experiences. These span race, multi-culture & ethnicity, gender, generations, sexual orientation, disability & long-term health conditions and parents & carers. • In 2021, 59 apprenticeships were created at various levels within Digital, Technology, Data and Systems Thinking for employees looking to upskill in their existing roles or re-skill in another business area. This also provided an opportunity for people to enrol on a Master's degree in Data Science. • As part of an ongoing commitment to create positive social impact, a new ethical standard was launched for the LVGIG branded bodyshop repair network - Green Heart Standard covering commitments around sustainability, employee wellbeing, diversity & inclusion and development through apprenticeships Stakeholders The Company has a number of key stakeholders including: employees, customers, suppliers, its shareholder, the regulator and the wider Insurance industry and wider society. Details of how the Company and its Directors engage with stakeholders can be found in the section 172 statement.