
Highlight [page 9]: Approach to corporate governance

Highlight [page 9]: In accordance with the Large and Medium-sized Companies and Group (Accounts and Reports) Regulations 2018 (as amended by the Companies (Miscellaneous Reporting) Regulations 2018) (the "Regulations"), for the year ended 30 June 2021, the Group has in its corporate governance ·arrangements appiied -the Wates Corporate Governance Principles for Large Private Companies (the "Principles"), which are available at frc.org.uk. The following section explains the Group's approach to corporate governance, and its application of the principles. .. -Principle 1 - Pti;pose and leiiaersflip - - -- - -- - - ---The Board is responsible for defining the Group's purpose and ensuring a coherent and effective strategy is developed and implemented. The Board prepare an annual Budget and a 3 Year Plan · each·year,-clearly-articulatingthe financial-and business-objectives.-Performance against the Budget • and the 3 Year Plan are closely monitored throughout the year and corrective action is taken when required. The Board ensure the strategy, values and purpose are aligned. Principle 2 - Board composition - - -"Fhe-Boardand Executive Team of the Group and individual businesses comprises of directors and Senior Managers with considerable professional and industry expertise. Board members and the Executive Teams of the Group and individual businesses meet regularly and are expected to contribute fully. The size of the Boards and wider Executive Teams are considered to be consistent with the scale and complexity of the Group and individual businesses. The Board is committed to developing a more diverse workforce and new appointments are made in line with the Equalities Act 2010.

Highlight [page 10]: Principle.3 - Directors' responsibilities ••The -directors assume. ultimate respon·sibility for the· affairs of the Group anci°along with the senior management teams of the individual businesses are committed to maintaining a robust control framework as the foundation for the delivery of good governance, including effective management of delegation through related Group processes. Policies are in place in relation to potential conflicts • of interest which may arise.- • ·--·- - - - - -- - - ... .. - . __ --- - ··- --,_ Principle 4 - Opportunity and risk . . The Board .has-:a.clear" and· comprehensive understanding of how the businesses create and - • - ••_preserve value· in the long~term. -T-he-directors ftJlly~consider-opportunities as they present • themselves and assess those against the Group's stated strategy and appetite for risk, progressing those that meet the required criteria·. . -The Board equally acknowledge the importance of effective risk management. The Group and ir-,dividual businesses-mair-,tair-,-corporate -r-isk-re§ister-s-whiet-1-identify-all -plausible risks. The registers are reviewed regularly, and mitigating steps are taken.to ensure risks are highlighted and effectively managed. Principle 5 - Remuneration The Board have established clear policies on staff remuneration and organisation structure across the Group. The directors, senior management and staff in the individual businesses are remunerated commensurate with their experience, technical expertise and their relative position within the business. A Group-wide pay review is undertaken annually to ensure staff are remunerated in line with the prevailing market rates. Staff incentive schemes have been put in place to ensure staff are appropriately incentivised and aligned with the Group's strategy and stated objectives. Incentive payments are only awarded when operational and financial targets have been met. Principle 6 - Stakeholders The Group has identified several important stakeholders whose relationships with Yodel and ArrowXL are .critical to. the success of these businesses. These.include the·workforces, suppliers, customers, industry regulators and Government. As noted in the Strategic Report, the Board - --- maintains i,n::lose· relationshipwittnne·staKenolaers ·through-open·anaconstructive feedback, ensuring their perspective is considered and acted upon as appropriate.