
Highlight [page 29]: CORPORATE GOVERNANCE STATEMENT FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 MARCH 2022 The Company has adopted the Wates Corporate Governance Principles for Large Private Companies, as issued by the Financial Reporting Council (FRC), 2018. The Company is a wholly owned subsidiary of UK Power Networks Holdings Limited and forms part of the UK Power Networks Holdings Group (the "Group"). The Group operates a range of governance principles and practices on a group-wide basis, which are adopted and implemented by its subsidiaries, including the Company, to the extent they are relevant to their operations. The Companies (Miscellaneous Reporting) Regulations 2018 requires the Company to make a statement in relation to which corporate governance code it has adopted, and how it has adopted that code. The purpose of this report is to set out how corporate governance principles have been applied to the Company in the context of the Group. Relevant disclosures are included below in this Report on Corporate Governance, in the Statement of Directors' Responsibilities, in the Directors' Report and in the Strategic Report. Principle 1 - Purpose and Leadership Purpose, vision and values The Company has a clear public purpose: to deliver electricity to London. The Group has articulated the vision and values to which the Company aspires in fulfilling its purpose, and these are set out below. The vision of the Group is to be consistently the leading Distribution Network Operator through being: an employer of choice: • the safest, with an exemplary safety record • an organisation that employees are proud to work for • creating the most diverse and inclusive DNO and DSO • having a highly skilled workforce for both today and the long term • strong and collaborative relationships with Trade Unions a respected and trusted corporate citizen: • the most reliable networks • delivering the best customer satisfaction • meeting the needs of customers in vulnerable circumstances, both now and in the future • the most socially and environmentally responsible in its sector • the most innovative, combining data, technology and new ideas • ensuring its supply chain is efficient, sustainable and ethical

Highlight [page 30]: Principle 1 - Purpose and Leadership continued sustainably cost efficient: • delivering the lowest possible cost for customers • delivering frontier efficiency in the work the Group does • delivering on commitments in a collaborative way with others • delivering profitable growth in the Connections business The values of the Group underpin what the Company does. They define how the Company expects its representantives to behave and how the Company wants to be perceived by its stakeholders and those who come into contact with the business. The Company has adopted these values as follows: Integrity: The Company will do what it says it will do and build trust and confidence by being honest to colleagues, partners and customers. Respect: The Company will treat partners and customers in the way in which the Company would want to be treated. Continuous achievement. improvement: The Company is committed to learning, development, innovation and Responsibility: The Company will act in an ethical, safe and socially/environmentally aware manner. Diversity and inclusiveness: The Group recognises and encourages the value that difference and constructive challenge can bring. Unity: The Group is stronger together and this comes from a shared vision, a common purpose and a supportive and collaborative working environment. The Group Board are committed to seeing that the vision and values are embedded in the Group, and reiterate them regularly. Internal bonus and incentive targets are based on the achievement of the vision, measuring both financial and non-financial metrics. The Group also operates a Living our Values award system, which promotes and recognises employees who demonstrate the values in their work. Through open discussion, the vision and values are reviewed internally, and from time to time are modified to reflect the changing environment in which the Group operates. This is done through feedback from the annual employee survey, engagement with trade unions, and regular senior leadership forums. The vision will evolve for RIIO-ED2, following such stakeholder engagement and feedback, to include a fourth pillar "enabling the net zero transition for all".

Highlight [page 31]: Principle 2 - Board composition The Board of the Company ("the Board") comprises the Chief Executive Officer ("CEO") of the Group, eight Directors appointed to represent the shareholders and two Sufficiently Independent Directors ("SIDs") appointed to comply with regulatory licence conditions. The role of the SIDs as defined by the Regulator is to mitigate the risk that Directors with executive roles within the wider owners.hipgroup could become conflicted at times of crisis. The CEO of the Group is the only Executive Board member. The other directors do not hold executive roles and therefore maintain an acceptable level of independence from the executive management of the Company. As such, the appointment of an independent Chairman is not deemed necessary. The positions of the Chairman of the Board and CEO are held by separate individuals with a view to maintaining effective segregation of duties between management of the Board and the day-to-day management of the Company. The Board of the Company is identical to the board of the parent UK Power Networks Holdings Ltd ("the Group Board") with the exception of three additional directors in the parent company and the two SIDs who are not members of the Group Board but do attend Group Board and Board Committee meetings. The Group Board is the principal decision-making body of the Company and the Group. It has overall responsibility for leading and controlling the Group as well as the financial and operational performance of the Company. The Group Board and its subcommittees meet on a regular basis to conduct the affairs of the Group. The Board considers and acts on matters pertaining to the Company within this forum. A total of six meetings of the Group Board were held during the year with ten to twelve members of the Company's Board present at each meeting. Principle 3 - Directors' responsibilities The Board is responsible to the Shareholders for the performance of the Company in both the short and the longer term and seeks to balance competing objectives in the best interests of the Company with the objective of enhancing shareholder value. The powers of the Directors have been set out in the Company's Articles of Association. To ensure good corporate governance the Board has adopted a formal corporate governance statement and has clearly defined terms of reference setting out matters reserved for the Board.

Highlight [page 32]: Principle 3 - Directors' responsibilities continued The Directors make active contributions to the affairs of the Group Board which acts in the best interests of the Company. Furthermore, the Group Board has established formal committees with specific responsibilities to assist in the execution of its duties and to allow detailed consideration of complex issues. Below the Group Board, executive responsibility rests with the CEO Basil Scarsella and the Executive Management Team ("EMT"). The CEO and EMT operate within the Delegations of Authority, governance structure and terms of reference defined in the Group's Corporate Governance Framework, which outlines the governance structure within the Group. Governance and control environment The Group Board is collectively responsible for the oversight of the management of the Group and the Company. The Group Board has determined those decisions that require approval by the Board and the delegation of authority for those decisions that do not. The Company Secretary is responsible to the Board for ensuring that Board procedures are followed and for ensuring that the Board is briefed on relevant legislative, regulatory and corporate governance developments and that the Board has regard to them when making decisions. In order to assist the Group Board in fulfilling its oversight responsibilities, seven Board sub-committees have been created with the following terms of reference: • The Audit Committee assists the Group Board with its responsibilities for financial reporting, maintaining an effective system of internal control and internal and external audit processes. Using risk assessment methodology and taking into account the Company's activities, Internal Audit determines the annual audit programme which is approved and monitored by the Audit Committee. The Audit Committee also reviews the arrangements by which staff of the Group may raise concerns in confidence about possible improprieties and monitors any investigations into concerns raised. • The principal responsibilities of the Remuneration Committee include making recommendations to the Group Board on the Group's policies and structure in relation to the remuneration of senior management and employees of the Group, by reference to corporate goals and objectives resolved by the Group Board from time to time. • The Treasury Committee oversees the treasury strategy, policy and procedure and seeks to ensure that all treasury risks are identified, measured and controlled in a manner consistent with corporate strategy and treasury policy. • The Risk Management and Compliance Committee assists the Group Board with its responsibilities in relation to risk management and to oversee compliance with obligations determined by statute, legislation, regulation, contract or agreement. The Group Board is responsible for approval of the risk management strategy while management is responsible for implementing the Group Board's strategy and for developing policies and procedures to identify, manage and mitigate risks across the business.

Highlight [page 33]: Principle 3 - Directors' responsibilities continued • The Nominations Committee recommends Sufficiently Independent Directors {"SIDs") for appointment to the Boards of the Distribution companies. The Committee selects the candidates based on the criteria defined by condition 43A of the distribution licence which requires the SIDs to have a sufficient level of independence from the executive management of the Company and the shareholder companies. • The Environmental, Social and Governance ("ESG") was established during the year. The Committee's primary function is to assist the Group Board in ensuring that the Group has a suitable and sufficient strategy in place to deliver the key ESG based commitments in the Group's RIIO-ED2 final business plan submission. The Committee also provides oversight of the future development of strategy and policy as the external ESG environment evolves, and reports performance against ESG targets on a consolidated basis. The Nominations Committee meets when required, the Remuneration Committee meets at least once annually and the other committees at least three times annually. A chairman is elected at each meeting by the relevant committee. During the year the Remuneration Committee held one meeting and the Risk Management and Compliance, Audit and Treasury Committees each held three meetings. A quorum was present at each meeting. The new ESG Committee met for the first time in December 2021 and plans to convene three times a year going forward. A further Board subcommittee has been established in relation to the preparation of and Board assurance over the RIIO-ED2 business plan. This committee met six times during the year and is expected to conclude its responsibilities when the Final Determination has been received and reviewed. Each committee's performance, constitution and terms of reference are reviewed annually to ensure that they are operating effectively. The Company Secretary acts as a secretary for each committee. The EMT comprises the CEO of the Group and Directors for each of the distinct business areas, or Directorates. In order to assist the EMT in fulfilling their responsibilities, management committees with delegated authority for defined matters have been established. The Senior Management Team within each Directorate has defined responsibilities which allow for effective operations to achieve the Group's objectives. Lines of responsibility and levels of authority are formally defined. Integrity of financial information The consolidated financial statements of the Group and its subsidiaries (including the Company) are prepared by the central financial reporting team based on results submitted by each Directorate. Each Directorate is supported by an appropriately qualified finance team who provide advice to the EMT Directors and Managers and liaise with· the central financial reporting team on such matters as the application of accounting policies, procedures and internal controls. The role of the central financial reporting team includes liaising with the shareholders regarding such matters as accounting policies, planning for changes in reporting requirements and to ensure that these are communicated effectively to the Directorates. There is regular dialogue between the central financial reporting team and the finance teams supporting the Directorates to ensure there is appropriate understanding of these requirements.

Highlight [page 34]: Principle 3 - Directors' responsibilities continued Integrity of financial information continued The Directorates, supported by finance partners, are accountable for the review and approval of the monthly management accounts prior to submission to the central financial reporting team who then undertake further reviews and challenge. The monthly accounts of each Directorate are reviewed during EMT meetings. Consolidated year to date financial information is presented at Group Board meetings attended by the CEO and the Finance Director. The annual report and accounts of the Company and of the Group are presented to the Audit Committee, or a subcommittee thereof, prior to approval by the Board. External audit The Audit Committee is responsible for overseeing the effectiveness of the external audit process and ensuring that appropriate measures are taken to safeguard the independence and objectivity of the external auditor. The Audit Committee reviews the scope and extent of the external auditor's annual audit, seeking confirmation from the external auditor that no limitations have been placed on the scope or nature of their audit procedures. At the completion of the annual external audit the Audit Committee reviews with management and the external auditor the annual financial statements and related notes, financial information and discussion to be included in the annual report. The results of the audit and the audit report are reviewed and enquiries are made as to whether there have been any material disagreements with management. The Audit Committee meets with the external auditor without members of management being present at least twice a year to discuss any matters that the external auditor or the Audit Committee believe should be discussed privately. The Audit Committee reports its findings to the Board in respect of the effectiveness of the external audit process and any significant issues considered in relation to financial statements and how these were addressed. On this basis, it advises the Board on whether the Annual Report and financial statements taken as a whole represent a fair, balanced and understandable view to shareholders and therein recommends the approval of the financial statements. Independence and objectivity of external auditor The Audit Committee reviews annually with management the fee arrangements and terms of reference with the external auditor. In particular the nature and extent of non-audit services provided is reviewed with reference to the approved framework within the Group's Corporate Governance Policy. For each audit period a formal written statement is provided by the external auditor setting out all relationships between the external auditor and the Group. Any proposed appointment of ex-employees of the external audit firm to senior management positions with the Company is subject to consent by the Audit Committee. The year ended 31 March 2022 is the last year of engagement for the current lead external audit partner. This position is rotated at least every five years, the last rotation being for the 31 March 2017 year ended engagement.

Highlight [page 35]: Principle 4 - Opportunity and Risk The Group's Corporate Governance Framework Policy, which outlines the governance structure within the Group and its subsidiaries including the Company, is supported by the Risk, Control and Compliance Policy and underlying procedures. The Risk, Control and Compliance Policy, in place throughout the reporting period, defines the framework in which the Company: • proactively identifies risks to its strategy, objectives, business developments and processes and implements internal controls to mitigate these; • explores the effectiveness of those controls in mitigating the risks through internal audit and other monitoring mechanisms; • reactively monitors incidents, errors and breaches to identify control failures and determine areas for improvement; and • develops contingency arrangements for business continuity and emergency incidents. Risk identification and Internal control The Board (through the Audit Committee) is responsible for the Company's system of internal control and for reviewing its effectiveness. The Company's system of internal control and the risk management process help to safeguard the Company's assets. However, the Board recognises that such a system can only provide reasonable and not absolute assurance against material misstatement or loss. The Company operates a structured risk and control assessment process which is overseen by the EMT, supported by risk review meetings conducted by the Senior Management Team within each business Directorate. The role of the Directorate risk review meetings is to assess new risks, review existing risks and monitor control improvement actions. Each identified risk is defined and assessed by the risk owner. This includes an assessment of the likelihood of the risk occurring and the associated impact, key mitigating controls, and an assessment of the adequacy of those controls. Where appropriate control improvement actions are defined. Significant risks and delivery of control improvement actions are monitored and reported to the Executive and Senior Management Teams on a regular basis, and actively managed by the designated risk owners. Internal control framework Control procedures have been implemented throughout the Company and are designed to achieve complete and accurate accounting for financial transactions, to safeguard the Company's assets and for compliance with laws and regulations. These control procedures form the Integrated Management System; a controlled framework of policy and procedural documentation. Control procedures are subject to regular review and formal ratification and approval. As part of the Integrated Management System, procedural implementation and compliance is subject to regular monitoring. The Group Board has established the scope of the internal audit function which is responsible for reviewing the effectiveness of the Company's systems of internal control and reports to the Audit Committee of the Board.

Highlight [page 36]: Principle 4 - Opportunity and Risk continued Internal audit The Internal Audit function has responsibility for providing independent assurance to the CEO and the Audit Committee as to the effectiveness of the policies, procedures and standards which constitute the system of internal control, including; risk management; corporate governance; and compliance with relevant laws and regulations. Internal Audit has a direct reporting line to the Audit Committee. The relationship between Internal Audit and management requires management to be primarily responsible for ensuring that the systems of internal control are implemented and operated so as to provide reasonable assurance that the objectives of the business will be met and that the risks or threats to the business are mitigated. In addition to providing independent review, the Internal Audit function provides advice and guidance to management on the appropriateness of internal control mechanisms and systems. The Audit Committee reviews and approves the scope of Internal Audit's work plan for the year and monitors progress against the work plan. The Audit Committee reviews major findings by the internal auditors and the status of Management actions to address the conditions reported in completed audits. Monitoring and corrective action The Group has established structured performance monitoring to measure achievement against the strategy and objectives of the Group. The structured approach includes a combination of quantitative metrics and qualitative analysis to ensure areas for improvement are promptly identified and addressed. In order to monitor compliance with internal controls, the Group operates a 'three lines of defence' approach. • First line of defence - management control. Management undertake monitoring of their processes to satisfy themselves that the defined controls operate economically, effectively and efficiently; and that key risks are identified and assessed; • Second line of defence - oversight and challenge. There are designated functions and committees in place to test and challenge the effective operation of controls. These include central functions and committees established by the EMT; and • Third line of defence - assurance. Assurance is provided by the Internal Audit function and external audits and accreditation exercises conducted by third party assurance providers. Identified control weaknesses and corrective actions are reported to the Executive and Senior Management Teams and monitored monthly. Significant weaknesses in internal control are reported to the EMT and, if appropriate, to the Audit Committee.

Highlight [page 37]: Effectiveness review of internal control The Group continuously makes improvements to the system of internal control through structured review of the Integrated Management System and other targeted control reviews. CK Infrastructure Holdings Limited and Power Assets Holdings Limited require that the Group provides an annual report on the quality of the internal control system covering key business processes and outlining, where necessary, material control weaknesses. In forming a view of the quality of the systems of internal control, the EMT consider: audit findings; compliance review findings; risks with controls assessed as sub-optimal; and status of corrective actions related to these areas. These assessments enable the Group to identify areas where attention is required to improve the system of internal control, business performance and operating effectiveness. Principle 5 - Remuneration The Company has no employees of its own, however it relies on the employees of other Group companies to deliver its services. The Group has formed a Remuneration Committee, whose principal responsibilities include making recommendations to the Board on the Group's policies and structure in relation to the remuneration of senior management and the employees of the Group by reference to corporate goals and objectives resolved by the Board from time to time. The Remuneration Committee is formed by members of the Board including one of the SIDs, and meets on at least an annual basis. The Group has clear remuneration structures that are designed to reward good performance, attract the best talent, and are aligned to the achievement of the Group's vision and values. One of the key ways that employees are incentivised is through the Company Incentive Plan (employee bonus scheme), which is applicable to all the Group's employees. Sixty per cent of the Company Incentive Plan is based on the Group's achievement of key aspects of its vision, including safety, reliability, customer service and cost efficiency. The management population also has a target relating to employee engagement. The remaining forty per cent of the Company Incentive Plan is based on achievement of individual and team annual objectives which are designed to support the Group's vision. The Group targets are shared by all employees, including the Executive and Senior management teams, in order to reinforce a common sense purpose across the Group. The balance for the EMT is seventy-five per cent on the Group's achievement and twenty-five percent on individual objectives. The Group also operates a long term incentive plan for its EMT to promote achievement of sustainable, good long term performance. The remuneration of directors is disclosed in note 6 of the financial statements.

Highlight [page 38]: Principle 6 - Stakeholder Relationships and Engagement The stakeholders of the Company are consistent with the stakeholders from across the rest of the Group. Although the Company has no employees of its own, it considers the employees of other Group companies to be key stakeholders and therefore participates in the engagement activities that the Group undertakes. The Group actively engages with its stakeholders on a regular basis in order to identify trends and developments, inform policies and procedures, and re-align its strategy. The Group has identified the following as its key stakeholders, and has described below how it seeks to engage with them: employees, customers, suppliers, the community and its environment, the Regulator and shareholders. Group Employees The Group recognises that its employees are fundamental to the achievement of its objectives and to its longer term success, and has articulated being an Employer of Choice as one of the three pillars to its vision. A diverse workforce, with a range of backgrounds, abilities, skills and experience, is considered to be vital to achieving the best outcomes. Accordingly the Group places considerable value on the engagement and involvement of its workforce, through a variety of activities and initiatives including: • A comprehensive annual employee engagement survey by an external survey provider "Best Companies" in which employees provide their views on key matters pertinent to the success of the Group and their own engagement. The Group has featured on the Best Companies "Top 25 Best Big Companies To Work For" list for eight consecutive years, achieving its highest ever position of second place in the last national survey published in March 2022. Also as part of the Best Companies awards, the Group was ranked #1 Best Big Company to work for in London and achieved second place in the Utilities sector Top 10 list. • The Group issues communications to employees through a range of channels, including a monthly 'team brief in which employees hear about the Group's achievement against its objectives, and view a video address from the CEO. Other communications include monthly visits by the EMT to sites across the Group, Group-wide magazine publications, intranet sites, emails and social media forums. Questions and feedback from employees are actively encouraged by management. • Employee representatives are consulted regularly on a wide range of matters affecting the current and future interests of employees through dedicated employee engagement forums. • The values of Equality, Diversity and Inclusion ("EDI") are key considerations in the Group's recruitment, training and communication programmes. A range of training is provided to employees to increase awareness and promote an inclusive culture, such as inclusive behaviour training. Through various forums, employees are asked to share their views on diversity and inclusiveness in the work place and make recommendations for improvement. For example a dedicated EmPower Community acts as a platform for employees to discuss EDI issues and raise suggestions. A Steering Committee made up of senior managers meets quarterly to support and monitor the Group's Diversity and Inclusion strategy and initiatives. • The Group is National Equality Standard ("NES") accredited and in the top 10 of Inclusive Top 50 Employers .in the UK, reflecting its intent and commitment toward becoming a truly diverse and inclusive workplace. The Group's plans for RIIO-ED2 include a focus on improving equality of employment access, reducing the gender pay gap, increasing BAME applications for early career roles working closely with local schools and developing a work experience programme aimed at disadvantaged or under privileged groups.

Highlight [page 39]: Principle 6 - Stakeholder Relationships and Engagement continued Employees continued • Each employee undertakes performance reviews with their managers, in which their performance against specific objectives is reviewed and discussed, and personal development opportunities and training identified. • The Group holds an "Investors in People" platinum accreditation which recognises its commitment to excellence in people management, an achievement obtained by only 2% of companies of similar size globally. • The Group's caring approach for its employees won it the title of Employer of the Year at the Utility Week Awards 2021, held in March 2022. Judges praised the way the Group had invested in employees, protected their wellbeing during the COVID-19 pandemic and championed equality, diversity and inclusion. • New skills will be required in a range of areas such as DSO, cyber-security and UK Power Networks' role as an important data provider for network users looking to make the Net Zero transition. In its business plan for RIIO-ED2 the Group aims to establish a Digital Skills Academy to provide DSO and digital future skills, deliver 510 accredited apprenticeship NVQs (National Vocational Qualifications) in Leadership and Management and 200 IET (Institute of Engineering and Technology) accredited technical or digital apprenticeships. The Group will target the achievement of an "Outstanding" OFSTED rating for training programmes in the period. Customers Customer engagement helps build a sustainable business, as it anchors the Group to the needs and expectations of its customers and shapes its long-term vision and objectives. The Group engages with its customers through a programme of events, forums and focus groups along with other communications such as newsletters and media campaigns. An important source of customer feedback is an industry survey of 300 customers a week, which feeds into Ofgem's Broad Measure of Customer Satisfaction.This is supplemented by an additional feedback mechanism in which customers give almost instant feedback on the service they have received. The Group is enhancing its service to customers in the following ways: • Detailed analysis of data from various perspectives such as network performance, geography, and the particular customer experience to provide greater insight into customer needs and preferences. • Giving more timely, accurate and tailored information (such as notification of planned work and provision of estimated restoration times) through channels of customer choices. • Better planning and coordination of work streams ensuring customers receive a joined up level of service at all points of contact from call centre staff to engineers in the field.

Highlight [page 40]: Principle 6 - Stakeholder Relationships and Engagement continued Customers continued The Group's customer service performance is currently industry leading, for example the Company achieved a customer satisfaction score of 93% in the year ended 31 March 2022 (see page 7) . A Group wide campaign has been launched to help drive the culture of improving customer service even further. The campaign involves formal review by senior management of major complaints or service failings to understand what went wrong and how changes can be implemented. These learning points are shared with employees in regular team briefs together with examples of best practice where excellent feedback has been received from customers. In addition to achieving high customer satisfaction scores, the Group was ranked number 4 in the 2021 UK Customer Satisfaction Index's top 50 and rated the best company in the UK for complaint handling and ethics. Suppliers Good relationships with suppliers are key to delivering value efficiently and effectively. The resilience of the Group's supply chain will be critical to meeting the demands of the low carbon transition. The Group operates an established procurement function which seeks to ensure fair and ethical dealings with its suppliers, and has put in place policies and practices, such as: • The Group has published guidance to suppliers, both current and prospective, on how to operate in accordance with the UK Power Networks vision, values and standards. It outlines its approach to business ethics and sustainable procurement and clarifies the standards and behaviours it expects to be adopted throughout the supply chain. • UK Power Networks assesses its suppliers through a pre-qualification platform Achilles Utilities Vendor Database ("UVDB"). As an industry-recognised risk management framework, Achilles UVDB provides a fair, open and transparent means of supplier selection for potential tender opportunities. • The Group is a signatory to the Prompt Payment Code, which sets standards for payment practices and best practice, working towards adopting 30 day payment terms as the norm, and to avoid any practices that adversely affect the supply chain. • The Group's Logistics team works closely with suppliers to forecast demand and maintain high inbound performance levels. The Group's materials contracts are long term enabling suppliers to invest in manufacturing equipment and work in partnership with the Group. • The Group has formed an alliance model with key strategic partners to promote closer working relationships and common practices on shared projects.

Highlight [page 41]: The Community and Environment As a network operator the Group recognises that its activities have a significant impact on the communities in which it operates. Being a respected and trusted corporate citizen is a key part of the Group's vision and it works closely with communities and their representatives to identify areas where it can play an active, beneficial role. The Group regularly engages with local community groups, councils, businesses and customers through a programme of events and forums to obtain feedback. The Group also undertakes an intensive programme of engagement with such groups when it is forming its business plan for a new price control period. The feedback from these interactions results in initiatives and commitments which the Group delivers as part of its business plan. The Group maintains a Priority Services Register ("PSR") which, in the event of a power cut, allows it to deliver specific support to customers living in vulnerable circumstances. Many different services are offered to over 2.1 million customers on the PSR ranging from personal calls with information updates, to . hot meals, and even alternative accommodation or a mobile generator. The Group continues to expand services to customers on its PSR for example, by tailoring awareness campaigns to increase registrations of underrepresented customer groups and by leading the way in rolling out automated sharing of PSR data with water companies. This will continue to be an area of focus as communities are facing increasing challenges relating to the cost of living and energy prices. The Group is expanding its fuel poverty support programme and developing solutions to ensure all customers can benefit from smart and low carbon energy. The environment is of key importance to the Group's stakeholders. As set out on pages 16 to 19, the Group has set ambitious targets to be the most socially and economically responsible in its sector and is committed to playing its part in limiting irreversible change to our climate. The Regulator, Ofgem The Group is regulated by Ofgem which determines its strategy on a range of matters. The Group regularly engages with Ofgem through formal consultation processes, and with other industry bodies in various forums, to share information, to ensure the Group understands its obligations as set out by Ofgem, and to ensure the Group's interests are represented in industry discussions. Currently, the Group is actively engaged with Ofgem in its preparations for the next price control, RIIO-ED2. Shareholders The Group is wholly owned by a consortium of three parties. The support and engagement of the Group's shareholders is vital to the success of the business in reaching its long term objectives. The Group's shareholders are represented on the Board of Directors, and as such receive regular reporting on financial and operational matters, and are directly involved in strategic decision making.