
Highlight [page 8]: Statement of corporate governance arra.ngements The Board is committed to high standards of corporate governance, which it considers are critical to business integrity and to maintaining stakeholders' trust in the Group. The Group expects all its directors and employees to act with honesty, integrity and fairness. The Group will strive to adopt proper standards of business practice and procedure and operate with integrity and has followed these standards throughout the reporting period. Our vision for governance and responsibility is to provide our shareholders and other stakeholders with the confidence that The Leaders Romans Group ("LRG") is a well-managed and responsible Group. The Board takes steps to engage with shareholders and to evaluate the relevant financial, social, ethical and environmental issues that may influence or affect LRG. Our Guiding Principles and Values support our vision, underpin our values and define our approach to all aspects of our business. We strive to do the right thing; we're committed to creative, commercial thinking; we listen, we care and we deliver; we always take a collaborative approach. Governance and Responsibility framework Whilst one set of formal governance principles have not been adopted by the board, the directors believe that good corporate governance is central to achieving the Group's objectives and maximising shareholder value, and are committed to high standards of corporate governance. The Board confirms that it has applied the principles as set out below. There are six principles relating to Corporate Governance .which the board regularly challenge and ensure compliance wfth: 1. Purpose and leadership The Board believes that in order for LRG to be successful it is important that the Board demonstrates clear leadership and strategic direction in all of its decision making and that this is then clearly and concisely communicated down throughout the organisation. This need for communication also extends to our stakeholders and representatives of our private equity stakeholder who sit on the Board and attend the monthly Board meetings and have regular contact with the senior management team. There are also regular communications between the CEO, CFO and our private equity investors to ensure that there is a clear understanding of the strategic direction in which the business is moving.

Highlight [page 9]: Communication within the organisation is carried out through the use of the Group intranet, regular email communications and updates to the business, as well as updates from the CEO concerning key events. Quarterly and yearly events are also held as well as monthly team meetings to ensure that key strategies and messages are communicated effectively throughout the organisation. Our culture has been embedded through the development of an employee induction for all new LRG employees. This has allowed the Group to introduce new employees to the business through a consistent approach. We strive for all services and functions within the business to work together and we use the induction to highlight that mission and to demonstrate how it drives the success of our business. Should an employee have an issue that they are concerned about or a grievance that they want to raise there are processes in place for employees to address these as well as whistle blowing procedures, which include clear guidelines in our employee handbook on the grievance procedure, as well as an anonymous employee helpline where they can raise concerns to our HR and compliance teams. All complaints are monitored by the Board. 2. Board composition The LRG Board consists of a non-executive Chairman, Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer, Lettings Director and Sales Director as well as a representative from our Investors. There is also a non-executive director to provide additional support, challenge and advice to the main executive board. The role of Chairman and the role of Chief Executive are clearly defined and segregated. The Chairman's main responsibility is to lead and manage the work of the Board to ensure that it operates effectively and fully discharges its legal and regulatory responsibilities. Accurate, timely and clear information is provided to all directors and the Chairman is satisfied that effective communication, principally by the Chief Executive and the Chief Finance Officer, is undertaken with the shareholders. The Chairman facilitates the contribution of the non-executive director and the relationship with the executive directors. The non-executive director plays a full part by constructively challenging and contributing to the development of strategy. The performance of management is monitored, as is the integrity of financial information and effectiveness of financial controls and risk management systems. The Board has delegated the responsibility for the day-to-day management of the Group to the Chief Executive Officer, who is responsible for recommending strategy to the Board, leading the executive Directors and for making and implementing operational decisions. The Board meets on a monthly basis to discuss performance and future strategy and planning. At each Board meeting the Chief Executive Officer provides a review of the business and how it was performing and the Chief Financial Officer provides a detailed review of the Group's financial position. Directors receive reports from each of the key business areas. The Board, supplied with information that is both timely and appropriate, deals with those matters reserved for its decision, and takes all material decisions affecting the Group. All divisions within the group provide monthly reports to the executive team which highlight performance and concerns, including any HR issues. In 2021 the range of subjects discussed included: The strategic development of the Group, including the ongoing and changing impact of the Pandemic and the government restrictions in place, and a review of possible acquisitions. Additionally, the Board discussed the Group's financial results, the Budget for 2022, the sale of the group and any regulatory and governance issues.

Highlight [page 10]: 3. Director responsibilities Director compliance has continued to be a focus during 2021 and we have a robust structure through carrying out background checks both on initial appointment and also following any promotion to a more senior role to ensure that we are satisfied with our directors' conduct. We are also working on initiating training around Ethnicity, Diversity & culture, with annual skill gap analysis being undertaken. There are clear lines of reporting within our organisational structure as well as job specifications outlining roles and responsibilities. The Board encourages independent and creative thinking whilst ensuring that there is a robust organisational structure in place to ensure that Directors and managers retain accountability for their decisions and their team members. We have an internal compliance team whose role it is to ensure that systems and controls are operating effectively and to highlight any areas of concern. They regularly review Company and Group policies around anti-money laundering, whistle blowing policies, GDPR, IT and social media policies as well as the overall governance and compliance of our numerous branch employees. Additionally we have clear review and appeal processes in place to ensure that we are able to conduct an independent review of any decision should an employee deem the outcome to be unfair. In order to provide additional oversight and control we have an audit committee headed by an independent non-executive director. The Group also has a remuneration committee which reviews senior staff salaries and benefit packages to ensure that Directors' remuneration is fair and reasonable and any senior positions must be approved by the Private Equity Investor as well as by the Board. 4. Opportunity and risk The Group's creation and preservation of value over the long term can be seen through our core values; We do the right thing; We're committed to creative, commercial thinking; We listen, we care and we deliver; We always take a collaborative approach. Through these values the Group supports innovation and encourages entrepreneurship which in turn helps to identify local initiatives as well as opportunities to explore at a group level. These values are regularly communicated at the beginning of team meetings. Reporting is carried out on a monthly, quarterly and annual basis and each year we undergo budget planning for the following year, as well as a review of our 5 year strategy. Every month there is a Board meeting attended by the investors where the Board review that month's performance and discuss any areas of concern or areas of opportunity. Strategic decisions are made during these monthly board meetings and the action points are then distributed down to the Directors and the operational teams. Outside of these monthly Board meetings, the senior management team and the direct reports of the CEO meet on a weekly basis where there is the opportunity to discuss any issues and areas of concern and to update the Directors on the progress made to date. Additional risk management and assessment is carried out through our Health And Safety team with regular health and safety assessments being carried out on a rolling basis across all areas of the business and in particular at branch level and head office. The Board is responsible for reviewing and approving the Group's system of internal controls and its adequacy and effectiveness. This system of internal controls includes financial, operational and compliance controls and risk management. It is the role of management to implement the agreed policies on risk and control. Our system of internal financial and operational controls is designed to meet the Group's particular needs and aims to facilitate effective and efficient operations, to safeguard the Group's assets, ensure proper accounting records are maintained and ensure that the financial information used within the business and for publication is reliable.

Highlight [page 11]: Key features of our system of internal control are as follows: Group organisation and culture - Through its statements and actions the Board emphasises a culture of integrity, competence, fairness and responsibility. The Board focuses mainly on strategic issues, senior management performance and financial performance. Our Chief Executive and the Group Executive, as his senior executive team, concentrate on operational performance, operational decision-making and the formulation of strategic proposals to the Board. The Group's managing directors manage their businesses with the support of senior managers. The Board determines how the chief executive operates within a framework of delegated authorities and reserved powers which seek to ensure that certain transactions, significant in terms of their size or type, are undertaken only after Board review. Control environment - Our operational structure has clearly documented and communicated principles of delegation of authority and segregation of duties. The Group's management systems include financial policies and procedures, corporate and business quality assurance manuals, health and safety procedures and environmental management procedures. These procedures are subject to review to ensure that improvements to enhance controls can be made. Financial reporting - The Board approves a strategic plan and annual budgets for the Group. The financial performance of individual business segments is reported regularly and compared to annual budgets. Forecasts for the Group are updated and reviewed by the Board regularly. Business conduct policy - The Group believes that integrity is a fundamental prerequisite for successful business relationships, both internally and externally. Reputation, trust and confidence are essential elements that we seek to protect and enhance to the benefit of all with whom we have a relationship. The Group seeks to understand and meet its customers' needs, whilst seeking continuous improvement. Across the Group there are procedures in place that seek to underpin this approach. By so doing the Group aims to meet the needs of all • stakeholders. Functional reporting - The Board assesses the risks facing the business on an ongoing basis and has identified a number of other key areas that are subject to regular reporting to the Board such as human resources and health and safety. Furthermore during the induction process staff are tested on key policies including: Tax evasion Anti-Money Laundering Bribery risks GDPR Staff are also given copies of the employee handbook and trained on other key areas including equal opportunities, health and safety, IT policies and other security policies within the Group. 5. Remuneration The Board believes that executive remuneration should be aligned to the Group's purpose and values, and it should be clearly linked to 'the successful delivery of the company's long-term strategy. The CEO, CFO and the HR Director together with the Chairman, Investor Directors and non-executive director are engaged in the process for setting remuneration for other directors to ensure that remuneration is fair and incentivised in-line with the company's long term strategic goals. By taking into consideration their duties, responsibilities, experiences and performance, the wages and the benefits of senior management are determined in a manner that is compatible to equivalent job conditions and the company's strategies and polices.

Highlight [page 12]: LRG has a structured remuneration policy based around the organisational structure of the business and job grades which are matched to roles and responsibilities. This ensures that the wider workforce's remuneration packages are fair and comparable across the group by division and function and are regularly reviewed by the senior management team. Deviation from these grades require board sign off in advance. The Group also runs a commission based pay structure within its customer facing roles to ensure that employee remuneration and reward is linked to the key business objectives, goals and strategy. 6. Stakeholder relationships and engagement The LRG Board meets on a regular basis to assess and review the performance and the strategic direction of the Group. The Board is conscious that these strategic decisions will have impacts on the long term success of the business, employee and stakeholder engagement as well as on the environment and local communities. The Board has outlined within its strategic report and its' s.172 statement how it considers the impacts of the Group's activities on its current and future stakeholders. This can be found on pages 1 - 4. Stakeholder engagement is a key component of how the business operates - with employee engagement being a key pillar. Decisions concerning operational changes are often made through input from our employees following our employee engagement surveys. We also operate an open culture between our senior management team and employees, meaning staff are able to raise any feedback directly with our CEO and other executive board members. We run a question forum to allow employees to submit questions to our CEO which also allows them the opportunity to submit suggestions or concerns. The output of these forums are communicated to all staff. Another way we engage with our employees is through recognition. We run quarterly awards and incentives for all employees across the group. Furthermore staff have access to a helpline where they can anomalously raise concerns or grievances if it is not appropriate to follow the procedures set out in our Grievance Policy. The Group actively promotes charity work and support throughout its network of branches and to its employees, and asks its local branches to be involved within the communities in which they are placed. Through following these principles of governance, combined with our values, the Group seeks to put its' stakeholders best interests first, invest in its employees, support the communities in which it operates and strives to generate sustainable profits for its investors. All the Group's policies are regularly reviewed to ensure they are up to date and require director sign off.