
Highlight [page 16]: rporate Governance Report Year ended 31 December 2021 The Group being subject to The Companies (Miscellaneous Reporting) Regulations 2018, has applied for year ended 31 December 2021, the Wates Corporate Governance Principles for Large Private Companies (the "Principles") as an appropriate framework when making a disclosure about the Mace Group's corporate governance arrangements. Following the launch of the Group's exciting growth plans in January 2021 and detailed in the 2026 business strategy the Mace Executive Board ("M EB"), over the course of the year, placed considerable resource to further develop its corporate governance. To this end work was undertaken to review the current corporate governance framework to check suitability against the 2026 plans and to identify any areas that could be further clarified or simplified as the business readied itself for 2022. An external consultant was engaged on a fulltime basis to review and advise on developing and improving the current programme. The result of this work was to achieve a governance framework which will ensure our governance programme continues to mature and support our 2026 Business Strategy. A focus of the MEB throughout 2022 will be on embedding the framework and ensuring we have a well-tuned governance programme. Purpose and leadership Our Purpose: The new 2026 Business Strategy launched in 2021 outlines our ambitious plans for the next five years as - a purpose-led business - that is committed to being diverse and inclusive, and to leaving a positive impact on people and communities globally. This new strategy reflects our new purpose to - redefine the boundaries of ambition - it shows the world that we are bold, confident and focused, ready to lead from the front and take on new challenges - driving improvements and change for people, economies and societies. The MEB recognises the key role Mace will play in helping the world adapt to the rapid and transformative changes happening right now and understands how important our culture and the business engines are key to that role and the need for the engines to operate under a governance framework which does more to both better protect (manage risk) and enable organisational effectiveness and decision making (driving value and margin through performance) so that we avoid duplication of work, reduce cost, and all our people can become an unstoppable force for good. Purpose-led priorities OurcultureandEngines Marketfocus Ourvaluesandbehavioursdefineour cultureandourbusiness l our values T DurEnginesarethe focusfor our growth CREATINGA CONNECTEDAND RESILIENTWORLD PURSUEA SUSTAINABLE WORLD OURPURPOSE: TOREOERNE THEBOUNDARIES Of AMBITION GROW TOGETHER DELIVER DISTINCTIVE VALUE SHAPINGCITIES ANDBUILDING THRIVING COMMUNITIES REALISING OURCLIENTS' AMBITIONSBEYOND DELIVERY Our values: safety first, client focus, create opportunity, integrity - permeate through everything we do. Together with our clear vision and mission, our values guide our behaviours and foster a culture of innovation and service excellence. These have helped us forge cooperative long-term partnerships and relationships with clients and suppliers that are increasingly focused on great mutual outcomes rather than transactional rewarding arrangements. Being a Responsible Business continued to be a key focus area for the leadership in 2021 and the MEB's commitment to this permeates throughout the business. In support, the MEB continued its focus on the implementation of the Code of Ethics and the six-monthly certification requirement whereby employees are required to confirm their adherence to the Code and underlying policies. In addition to this a new Code of Conduct was rolled out to our suppliers/subcontractors which clearly sets out the behaviours expected by Mace of all its suppliers/subcontractors in the conducting business. Safecall continued as our external whistleblowing service provider. Our behavioural framework Behaviours for Success, which includes Act Inclusively which focuses on treating people with respect,

Highlight [page 17]: in a fair and consistent manner was included in the employee appraisal programme and provided a framework for employees to conduct a self-assessment and identify those areas which required further development. Continued focus was placed on the developing and implementing of a culture which seeks to embrace diversity and inclusion. In 2021 Mace met the carbon reduction pathway target (to reduce· corporate carbon emissions by 10% per year vs our 2020 baseline) and continues to offset any residual emissions through procurement of Gold Standard offsets with Carbon Footprint Limited. The Board is firmly committed to the principles of tax transparency and the implementation of measures globally to prevent the facilitation of tax evasion. As part of our increased focus on governance, procedures and a programme of improvement to align with the annual Senior Accounting Officer (SAO) certification, a clean SAO certificate was issued during the year. Mace has been a Fair Tax Mark accredited business since November 2021. This is the gold standard of responsible tax conduct, demonstrating our commitment to responsible tax conduct and tax transparency. As a global business operating within four distinct industry sectors: developments consultancy, construction, and facilities management, our exposure to risk is mitigated as a result of the strong diversification of our portfolio. Our Risk and Audit Committee, has a delegated authority of the MES and provides assurance that the business is fulfilling its corporate governance duties. Due the continued impact of COVID-19 lockdowns and travel restrictions in 2021, our internal Compliance & Audit team ran a restricted programme of internal audits. In total 71 internal audits were undertaken equating to 71 audit days. The External management system certification ran across 7 ISO standards, 27 assessments undertaken across 17 Mace locations totalling 77 audit days. To support the Board's target to achieve a workforce which reflects society we have a Diversity and Inclusion Steering Committee (DISC) who are responsible for driving positive change. This is chaired by our Inclusion Manager and members of the committee are drawn from across the business to ensure we consider a variety of perspectives. Mace's continued to embed the Diversity and Inclusion Strategy setting targets around recruitment, a reduction in the gender pay gap and other measures to drive forward this agenda at Mace. These targets were then reviewed and refreshed in the 2026 Business Strategy, with an ambitious target set to reduce our gender pay gap and ethnicity pay gap by 10% year on year to 2026. Some improvements have been made in relation to the ethnicity pay gap and work continues to ensure we meet our 2026 targets on gender and ethnicity pay gaps. Purpose and leadership: Continued response to cov1D:19 The effects of the COVID-19 pandemic had some continued impact, primarily for the Operate engine. With an earlier than planned launch of the 2026 Business Strategy in January 2021 the leadership set out its strategy to build on Mace's existing strengths and ensure its resilient for the future. The Leadership continued throughout 2021 to respond quickly to the challenges faced and have prioritised protecting the business and stakeholders. War in Ukraine The military conflict in the Ukraine resulted in various stakeholders seeking clarification of any potential risk for the Company in respect of the countries involved and any supply chain risks. The business was able to identify and respond quickly following the actions taken by the leadership firstly during COVI D-19 to protect the supply chain and secondly throughout 2021 it had taken the decision to liquidate a number of entities in Eastern Europe which included Belarus. Board composition The Board comprises of nine statutory directors. Stephen Pycroft resigned from the role of Chairman on 31 December 2021. He continues to hold the role of Statutory Director of Mace Finance Limited and attends the quarterly meetings of the MES. Mark Castle was appointed as a Director on 1 April 2022. Richard Bienfait, Mace's Chief Financial Officer, resigned on 31 August 2022 and stepped ·down from his role with immediate effect. The MES comprises of the executive directors, the independent non-executive director and senior management. The MES together represent the knowledge, experience and expertise required to run an organisation as large and diverse as the Mace Group. Membership of the Board and the MES is listed below. Both the Board and MES recognise there is still work to be done to improve the diversity of the Board and is committed to increasing diversity amongst the senior leadership team which will also refle.ctthe Company's diversity and inclusion targets.

Highlight [page 18]: Board Mark Reynolds - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer Jonathan Mark Holmes - Deputy Chairman Richard Bienfait - Chief Financial Officer (resigned 31 August 2022) Stephen Jeffery - ChiefTechnical Officer Gareth Lewis - CEO Construct Jason Millett - CEO Consult Lee Penlington - Commercial Director Mandy \Mllis - Director of Strategy Mark Castle - Director (resigned 1 April 2021) Mark Castle - Non-Executive Director (appointed 1 April 2022) Stephen Pycroft - Director MEB Mark Reynolds - Chairman Michelle Barkess Richard Bienfait (resigned 31 August 2022) Amanda Baldwin Jonathan Mark Holmes Andrew Jackson Stephen Jeffery Gareth Lewis Jason Millett Carolyn Pate Lee Penlington Mandy \Mllis Members of the MEB who are not statutory directors are: Michelle Barkess (Chief Information Officer), Amanda Baldwin (Chief People Officer), Andrew Jackson (Chief Operating Executive) and Carolyn Pate (Company Secretary). Director responsibilities The MEB met quarterly in 2021 and in addition met less formally during the weekly operational meetings. The Mace business comprises four operating divisions called Engines for Growth. These are Develop, Consult, Construct and Operate, each has its own CEO who is responsible for delivering the business plan for their respective division. Each engine has its own Board chaired by the respective divisional CEO or the Group CEO. These sub-boards meet on a quarterly basis and sit under the authority of the MEB. These operating divisions are supported by Group & Commercial Services which provide Corporate Governance, Risk and Assurance, Legal & Commercial Services, Finance, Information Technology, Marketing.& Communications, Procurement and Human Resource expertise. During the past year the directors have sought to carry their duties as required under S 172 of the Companies Act 2006 (the Act) as referred to in the Strategic Report. Underpinning our new strategy are three strategic priorities: In 2021 the focus of the Board was in embedding the new three strategic priorities which underpin the new2026 Business Strategy. Focusing on these three priorities helped the Company better focus efforts, strategies and action plans to meet the plan. For each priority, KPl's were agreed and progress measured at each quarterly meeting. The standing items on the main Board agenda during the past year included health, safety & wellbeing, financial performance, operations update, opportunities & risk report and responsible business. Opportunity and risk As part of the priority to achieve stable and sustainable growth the Board set a target to achieve a robust risk management programme in 2021. The Risk and Audit Board has been set up to oversee the achievements of stable and sustainable growth; the terms of reference are monitored by the MEB quarterly. The Risk and Audit Board monitors and reviews the development and delivery of the Group Risk and Audit strategy, ensuring its plans are aligned to and enable delivery of the 2026 Business Strategy and to mitigate the business' principal risks, as identified in the Strategic Report. The Risk and Audit Board reports on a quarterly basis to the MEB to which it will refer recommendations for decisions which are outside of its delegated authority. Remuneration Key objectives of the Board whilst operating within the principles of good governance are to: • Assess executive remuneration and reward packages for the individual executive directors; • Determine the remuneration of the Chair, the executive directors and the Group management team; • Determine the total remuneration packages for these individuals including any compensation on termination of office; • Approve any and all annual bonus arrangements and share awards, including the performance targets that apply. Executive remuneration is structured to drive both accountability and performance, creating long-term value for all stakeholders. In determining the remuneration, the performance of the business during the financial year is taken into consideration, together with future strategy. Pay levels are commensurate with eternal pay levels. Performance is continually under review and remuneration packages revised appropriately.

Highlight [page 19]: Stakeholders Mace's engagement with our internal and external stakeholders is at the heart of our success as a business, and during 2021 we worked hard to ensure that we communicated openly and transparently with our stakeholders. Our objective is that as much of our communication both inside and outside of the organisation is an open dialogue; that we're always authentic and that we are open to new ideas and best practice from outside Mace. By far our most important stakeholder group is our Mace colleagues, of whom we are extremely proud. The continuing impact of COVID-19 where many people had to change how they worked and overcame huge challenges to ensure that Mace was able to remain resilient, it was more important than ever that we engaged with our people in an open and transparent way. Our internal communications strategy relies on a broad range of channels to engage directly with our colleagues, including our intranet, regular events, emails, and direct engagement to create an open conversation across the organisation. We carry out annual engagement and wellbeing surveys to measure engagement and run regular internal campaigns to promote information about topics that are important to our people, including sustainability, mental health and diversity and inclusion. In order to help manage the impact of COVID-19 on how our people work and their mental wellbeing and health, a number of communication channels, including regular leadership videos and briefings, introduced new digital collaboration tools; all-company briefings continued throughout the year. Mace also supports a series of employee-run network groups, including Pride at Mace, Women at Mace, the Ethnic Diversity Inclusion Network, the Mace Military Network, Enabled at Mace and Parents at Mace. Throughout 2021, these groups played a key role in working with Mace's corporate team to engage with important groups of our colleagues; share information and best practice and engaging on important policy and operational decision making. Externally, our core stakeholder audiences are our clients, our strategic supply chain, insurers, bond providers, investors, industry organisations, public sector bodies; including both local and national government, and the communities we work in. The demands of 2021 meant that we worked hard to ensure that our core stakeholder groups were kept informed and updated about how we were responding to the challenges we face and how that would impact the work we do for or with them. We communicate with those audiences through a wider variety of channels, both as part of our day-to-day delivery and wider communications channels and campaigns. This includes promoting Mace's work through media and social media, provide regular updates to our clients about our work and carry out regular customer surveys. Of particular note is Mace's role in helping to lead and shape the wider industry's response to key issues and challenges. Our Group Chairman and CEO Mark Reynolds worked closely with key industry and Government stakeholders to ensure that construction continued to be able to operate effectively and safely in the UK. Across the organisation -from the legal team to the procurement team and into the operational units of the business, many people helped to contribute to individual elements of this response. External reporting In addition to our Annual Report we publish information regularly in the public domain. This includes our business payment practices and performance under the Duty to Report requirements which are filed at Companies House. In addition, we produce our Annual Business Review, which is published on our website, alongside our Annual Report. We published our third Gender Pay Gap statistics in April 2021. Mace Limited is required to publish payment practices and performance statistics twice a year in accordance with Duty to Report. External auditors Following the appointment by the Group of Mazars LLP as auditors on 4 audit. th May 2021, Mazars were appointed to conduct the 2021 As a private company, the Group is not subject to external restrictions in terms of non-audit work provided by the external auditors, but for good governance has chosen to implement its own policy in relation to the level of their remuneration and the extent of their non-audit services.

Highlight [page 20]: Sub-Boards The MEB sponsored throughout 2021 a series of sub-boards, which consist of the following: Develop Consull Construct Operatingdivisions:Enginesfor Growth Boards: ~lttit®l:tff®f '1rll•l'rffiirrf:DI ffila+hF®W'iHlf'S~Jt:'Ml:I @me@=tmcl Health Safety and Wellbeing Board The Health, Safety and Wellbeing Board operates to monitor and review the development and delivery of the Group health, safety and wellbeing strategy, ensuring its plans are aligned to and enable the business to deliver the 2026 Business Strategy. Responsibilities include but are not limited to: Reviewing and monitoring the Group health, safety and wellbeing strategy to ensure it is aligned to the delivery of the 2026 Business Strategy; Developing and monitoring the scorecard of key measures as agreed with the MEB; • Setting the health, safety and wellbeing policies for the Mace Group; Provide direction and guidance to the HS&W team on changes to the strategy and plans to ensure delivery of programmes and initiatives remain on track. Support the HS&W team in developing roll-out strategies that will gain maximum traction across the business; • Evaluation of the budget and investment in the health, safety and wellbeing agenda, and Champion the broad health, safety and wellbeing agenda within business units and across the wider Group, to achieve a consistent approach to corporate challenges. Grow Together Board /previously as "People and Talent Board"\ The Grow Together Board acts to ensure the delivery of the Group HR strategy. Responsibilities include but are not limited to: Reviewing and monitoring the Group HR strategy to ensure it is aligned to the delivery of the 2026 Business Strategy; Developing and monitoring a scorecard of key measures agreed with the MEB and reviewed on a quarterly basis; Setting the HR Policies for the Mace Group; Providing direction and guidance to the HR team on changes to the HR strategy and plans to ensure delivery of programmes and initiatives remain on track. Support the HR team in developing roll-out strategies that will gain maximum traction across the business, and • Identify developments (from other institutions and organisations) that could be considered best practice, considering and adapting these, as appropriate for possible introduction at Mace. Innovation Board The Innovation Board operates to monitor and review the development and delivery of the Group Innovation strategy, ensuring its plans are aligned to and enable the business to deliver the 2026 Business Strategy. Responsibilities include but are not limited to: • Setting the Innovation Policies for the Mace Group for approval by the MEB; Provide direction and guidance to the Innovation team on changes to the Innovation strategy and plans to ensure delivery of programmes and initiatives remain on track. Support the Innovation team in developing roll-out strategies that will gain maximum traction across the business; Identify developments (from other institutions and organisations) that could be considered best practice, considering and adapting these, as appropriate for possible introduction at Mace, and Champion the broad Innovation agenda within business units and across the wider Group, to achieve a consistent approach to corporate challenges.

Highlight [page 21]: Responsible Business Board The Responsible Business Board was commissioned to lead the Group in the development and delivery of the Responsible Business Strategy. Responsibilities include but are not limited to: • Providing direction and guidance to the Responsible Business team on the Responsible Business strategy and plans to ensure delivery of programmes and initiatives remain on track; • Identifying developments (from other institutions and organisations) that could be considered best practice, considering· and adapting these; • Championing the broad Responsible Business agenda within business units and across the wider Group, to achieve a consistent approach to corporate challenges, and • Commissioning of working groups, establishing appropriate objectives in accordance with the 2026 Business Strategy and monitoring progress for the duration of the working group. Group and Commercial Services Board The Group and Commercial Services Board operates to monitor and review the development and delivery of the Group and Commercial Services strategy, ensuring its plans are aligned to and enable the business to deliver the 2026 Business Strategy. Responsibilities include but are not limited to: • Setting the Group and Commercial Services Policies for the Mace Group for approval by the MEB; • Provide direction and guidance to the Group and Commercial Services teams on changes to the strategy and plans to ensure delivery of programmes and initiatives remain on track. Support the Group and Commercial Services team in developing roll-out strategies that will gain maximum traction across the business; • Identify developments (from other institutions and organisations) that could be considered best practice, considering and adapting these, as appropriate for possible introduction at Mace; • Evaluation of the budget and investment in the Group and Commercial Services agenda, and • Champion the broad Group and Commercial Services agenda within business units and across the wider Group, to achieve a consistent approach to corporate challenges. • Risk and Audit Board The Risk and Audit Board acts to monitor and review the development and delivery of the Risk and Audit strategy. Responsibilities include but are not limited to: • Monitoring a scorecard of key measures set by the MEB; • Setting the Risk and Audit Policies for the Mace Group under the authority of the MEB; Supporting the Risk and Audit team in developing roll-out strategies that will gain maximum traction across the business; • Commissioning of working groups, establishing appropriate objectives in accordance with the 2026 Business Strategy and monitoring progress for the duration of the working group, and • Pre-screening and making recommendations to the MEB regarding corporate proposals which fundamentally affect future corporate strategy, culture, organisation, debt/capital raises and items of significant business risk.