
Highlight [page 9]: Corporate Governance F'or the year ended 31 March 2022, under The Companies (Miscellaneous Reporting) Regulations 2018, the Group has applied the Wates Corporate Governance Principles for Large Private Companies (published by the Financial Reporting Council ("FRC") in December 2018 and available on the FRC Website). Principle 1- Purpose and Leadership Macquarie ,AirFinance Limited was formed on 23 April 2019 to act as the ultimate parent company for the global operations of the Group, a group of affiliated companies that have been in business since 2006.

Highlight [page 10]: The Group's mission is to acquire commercial jet aircraft for operating lease to commercial airfines around the world. In doing so, the Group aims to provide aircraft and capital to airlines to assist them in connecting people, businesses and cultures globally. The Group strives to deliver its mission efficiently and sustainably by promoting a collaborative culture and by focusing on transactions that deliver long-term value, with manageable levels of risk. During the period to 31 March 2020, the Business transitioned from being wholly owned by Macquarie to a Group owned 50% by Macquarie, 25% by PGGM Infrastructure Fund and 25% by ART (formerly Sunsuper prior to its merger with QSuper). The new Shareholders joined to support the Group's strategy to build its investment in the aircraft operating lease sector. The Group retains the Macquarie brand and the same approach to managing and developing its business. Principle 2 - Board Composition The Group has a separate Chairman and Chief Executive Officer to ensure that a balance of responsibility, accountability and decision-making is appropriately maintained. The Chairman is appointed by Macquarie, as largest shareholder, and plays a pivotal role in setting the direction for the Group and ensuring Board effectiveness. The current Chairman, Stephen Cook, has chaired the Business since its founding in 2006. The Board comprises the Chairman, two additional directors appointed by Macquarie and a director appointed by each of PGGM and ART. All directors have extensive experience in leasing and/or infrastructure investing. Principle 3 - Director Responsibilities Accountability The Board is responsible for the policies under which the Group operates. During the financial year ended 31 March 2021, the Board approved a revised set of policies which the Group adopted. Prior to their adoption, the Group operated under the Operating Framework policies adopted while wholly owned by Macquarie. Delegation The Board's approval is required for major strategic decisions, including material acquisitions a.nd disposal of assets. The Board delegates day-to-day decisions relating to running the Group to boards of its subsidiaries in the various jurisdictions in which the Group owns aircr~ft. These subsidiary boards are comprised of a senior MGL executive, the Chief Executive Officer ("CEO"), and/or senior executives of the Group based in the relevant jurisdictions. This delegation allows the Group to respond in a timely manner to day-to-day developments through the executives with the most appropriate knowledge and industry experience. Control of operational expenses is the responsibility of the CEO and governed by budgets approved by the Board. Expenditures that exceed budgeted limits by an approved threshold require approval of a subsidiary board or the Board, depending on the size of the proposed expenditure. Information The Board receives regular and timely information, at least monthly, on all key aspects of the business including risks and opportunities, the financial performance of the business, operational matters, market conditions, and performance against established metrics. • Key financial information is drawn from the Group's accounting system. The Group's accounting function is appropriately qualified to ensure the integrity of this information and receives the necessary training to keep up to date with changes in regulation and practice. Financial information is currently audited by PricewaterhouseCoopers on an annual basis. Following the Group's transition to a multi-shareholder structure, the Group has appointed an

Highlight [page 11]: external firm, Moss Adams, to conduct internal audits on a go forward basis. Moss Adams is currently performing its first review. Other information is prepared by the relevant departments through processes which are also subJect to internal audit. Principle 4 - Opportunity andRisk The Group seeks to identify opportunities that offer the prospect of long-term sustainable returns, with risks that can be identified, quantified and mitigated. Opportunity The Group seeks opportunities to grow through a combination of orders for aircraft from the major aircraft manufacturers for future lease to airlines, purchases of aircraft from airlines either for leaseback or for re-lease to other carriers and portfolio acquisitions from other lessors and investors. These opportunities are identified by regular contact with the major manufacturers, our airline customers, other targeted airlines, other lessors, investors and investment banks. The Group benefits from a long-term Origination Agreement with the Asset Finance Group within Macquarie that provides advice on potential mergers and portfolio acquisitions. Risk The Board has approved the Risk and Control Self-Assessment ("RCSA") prepared by the management team, that evaluates the long-term risks facing the business. The RCSA is reviewed periodically for completeness and effectiveness. In assessing opportunities to grow, the Board seeks detailed analysis on the long-term economic benefits of any proposed transaction and the associated risks, together with strategies to be employed to mitigate those risks. Inputs are collated from the marketing, technical, risk, legal, corporate finance and tax departments in the business and reviewed by the heads of those departments and the CEO. Any transaction to be presented to the Board will carry the joint recommendation of the CEO and the Head of Risk. The same principles are applied to sales and re-leases, including transactions that fall under the discretion of subsidiary boards. Responsibilities The Group employs experts in aircraft marketing and trading, transaction origination, technical management, risk assessment and control, legal and contract management, finance, accounting, tax and human resources to ensure that it has the experience and resources to manage the risks involved in owning a large aircraft leasing portfolio. The heads of the various departments report to the CEO who is responsible to the Board for the operational management of the Group. The management team operates under an Operating Framework agreed with the Board. The Group benefits from a long-term Management Support Agreement under which the Asset Finance Group within Macquarie provides advice to the Board on strategic development, market conditions and management performance. Principle 5 - Remuneration The Directors, being employees or representatives of the individual Shareholders, receive no remuneration from the Company or the Group. The Group remunerates its employees through a combination of salary, benefits and bonuses which seek to align the remuneration of individuals to the performance of the business, while providing competitive compensation in the markets in which the Group operates.

Highlight [page 12]: The Group is an equal opportunities employer and promotes an environment free from harassment and victimisation. in evaluating candidates for hire and career development, the Group does not discriminate based on age, gender, nationality, ethnic origin, religion, marital status, sexual orientation or disability and seeks to make employment decisions based solely on work criteria and individual merit. Principle 6 - Stakeholders The Board is committed to good governance and effective communication, believing that the_seare essential if the Group is to deliver on its missi_onin a m,;innerthat promotes its reputation, brand and relationships with customers, employees, lenders, shareholders, suppliers and communities in which it operates. External Impacts The Group's customers are airlines, whose operations make a major contribution to global economic development but also contribute to global warming through carbon and other emfssions from the burning offossil fuels in aircraft engines. The International Civil Aviation Organization, the UN body responsible for the administration and governance of the Convention on International Civil Aviation, has established a Carbon Offsetting and Reduction Scheme for International Aviation ("CORSIA"). Through CORSIA, the international aviation community has committed to carbon-neutral growth from 2019 and to a long-term objective that, by 2050, carbon emissions from international aviation will be no more than 50% of 2005 levels. These objectives will be attained through technological improvements in aircraft, navigation systems and airport operations, development of bio-fuels and investment in carbon-offsetting projects. The Group intends to align itself with these objectives through investment in latest-technology aircraft and facilitating its customers' compliance with CORSIA regulations. The Group operates in offices !eased from Macquarie who has a policy of offsetting all controllable carbon emissions emitted by its offices. For the fiscal year ended 31 March 2022, estimated carbon emissions created by business travel of Group employees were offset by Macquarie. The Group seeks to support the communities in which its employees live and work by providing a healthy, collaborative culture where everyone is welcome and respected. In addition, the Group supports initiatives by employees to provide volunteer a11dfinancial support to local charities. Stakeholders The Group engages in regular in-person, written and virtual communication with its customers, major suppliers and lenders. It is the policy of the Group to deal with such stakeholders with respect and integrity and in compliance with its contractual agreements. The Group employs 80 people (2021: 81 people) in offices in the United Kingdom, Ireland, United States and Singapore. Management fosters collaboration through regular dialogue between employees of all disciplines engaged in a specific transaction or activity, with the goal of making decisions after considering ail relevant perspectives. Goals for performance and development are agreed annually with each employee, consistent with the strategic objectives of the Group. Progress against these goals is reviewed regularly and updated appropriately. The Group arranges an annual retreat, to which all employees are invited, to promote understanding of the Group's strategic direction, values, goals and performance and to foster communication between employees located in different offices. Due to the disruption of COVID, the Group did not arrange an annual retreat in the current financial year. In its place, virtual town halls were held to achieve the aforementioned objectives. Political contributions The Group did not make any political contributions during the financial year (2021: $nil).