
Highlight [page 49]: Application of the Wates Corporate Governance Principles

Highlight [page 49]: Principle 1 - Purpose and Leadership The Group has a clearly defined purpose which is outlined in the principles that determine our competitive advantage. As a global financial services platform, we provide essential liquidity, market access and infrastructure services and connect our clients around the world to commodity and financial markets. Across our businesses we provide critical high value-add services in Market Making, Clearing and Execution, Solutions, Price Discovery and Data & Advisory. The role of the Group Board is stewardship of the Group with long-term sustainable success and creation of shareholder value as fundamental objectives. The Group Board is responsible for determining the strategic objectives and policies required to deliver such long-term value within a framework of rewards, incentives and prudent and effective controls, which enables risk to be assessed and managed. The Group Board is accountable for effective and prudent management, including the segregation of duties and the identification and management of conflicts of interest, to ensure that the influence of third parties does not compromise or override independent judgement. The Group Board is also responsible for investigating all major deficiencies in performance and major deviations from strategic and financial objectives and risk strategy, ensuring that the necessary financial and human resources are in place for the Group to meet its objectives, and overseeing the conduct of management. The Group Board is key in promoting the Group's cultural values, ensuring they are understood by all and embedded into the fabric of the Firm, its actions, how it conducts business, and how it supports appropriate behaviours. These are: Respect: Clients are at the heart of our business, with superior execution and superb client service the foundation of the firm. We respect our clients and always treat them fairly. Integrity: Doing business the right way is the only way. We hold ourselves to a high ethical standard in everything we do - our clients expect this, and we demand it of ourselves. Collaborative: We work in teams - open and direct communication and the willingness to work hard and collaboratively are the basis for effective teamwork. Working well with others is necessary for us to succeed at what we do. Developing our people: Our people are the basis for our competitive advantage. We look to 'grow our own' and make Marex the place ambitious, hardworking, talented people choose to build their careers. Adaptable and Nimble: Our size and flexibility are an advantage. We are big enough to support our clients' various needs, and adaptable and nimble enough to respond quickly to changing conditions or requirements. A non-bureaucratic, but well controlled environment fosters initiative as well as employee satisfaction. The Firm continues to transform in terms of scale and complexity, and in parallel with that growth, the Group's culture has also evolved. The Group defines culture as the spine which connects the individuals in the Firm into a unified community, with a common set of values, practices and behaviours which define us and separate us from other firms. Culture and conduct remains a key priority for the Group, and the numerous initiatives undertaken to embed the Finn's cultural values are validated by Internal Audit as part of every assignment that they undertake. The Group Board and executive management have continued their robust oversight of conduct and culture related matters throughout the year, with regular presentations, discussion and challenge at meetings of the Group Board and Board Sub-Committees. The Group Board sets 'the tone from the top' and cascades this through the business by ongoing dialogue with the workforce and other stakeholders. Following the 2020 employee engagement survey,throughoul 2021 lht: Finn continued to take action in areas such as: communicating culture though inductions and through a wider plan; providing information sessions on all areas of business and activity in the Firm (to help employees better understand the business); enhancing the recruitment process; reviewing office space; and introducing a new learning platform.

Highlight [page 50]: In 2021, the Group continued its employee engagement survey programme, and responses were once again largely positive, despite the ongoing presence of Covid-19 social distancing measures and associated remote working. A number of comments were received from participants, which demonstrates their engagement and provides valuable insight for the Firm, enabling specific actions to be taken where necessary. Areas of improvement in results included the quality ofrelationships across the Firm, confidence that individuals can express opinions, recognition for success, support for personal growth, and understanding the Firm's strategy. As with last year's survey, senior management reviewed the results and managers met with staff in each department to engage and develop specific action plans appropriate to each area. To augment this approach a series of Firm-wide initiatives were put in place focussing on the office environment (where an additional floor at the Group's head office has been taken), benefits (where a full review was commenced - initially focussed on North America), and engagement with staff by senior management (through townhalls, inductions sessions, and departmental meetings). The Firm's value statements will also be re-assessed and efforts are ongoing to rebuild "social capital" by encouraging staff to return to the office. Principle 2 - Board Composition The Group Board is structured to bring a broad balance of skills, knowledge and experience to the Group. The Group has a separate Chair and Chief Executive Officer, which maintains a balance of responsibilities, accountability and decision-making. Formal statements setting out the distinct and separate roles of the Chair and Chief Executive Officer are also in place. The Group Board is currently comprised of: Independent Non-Executive Chair Four Independent Non-Executive Directors Two Executive Directors (Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer) Three Non-Executive Directors (representing the majority shareholders) A biography for each board director can be found in the Group Directors' Report. The Non-Executive Directors combine broad experience with objective judgement and provide challenge to executive management. Each Director receives a comprehensive induction upon joining the Group Board, is expected to commit sufficient time to meet the expectations of their role, and receives continued support and training (facilitated by the Chair and Company Secretary) to enable them to carry out their duties effectively. Between July and September 2021, three new Independent Non-Executive Directors were appointed to the Group Board (Robert Pickering, Sarah Ing, and Konstantin Graf von Schweinitz). In March 2022 Robert Pickering was appointed as the Group's first Senior Independent Director and Sarah Ing became Chair of the Audit and Compliance Committee. It is intended, subject to FCA approval, that Konstantin Graf von Schweinitz will become Chair of the Risk Committee. Each new Independent Non-Executive Director has already taken up positions as members of Board Committees, as appropriate to their skills and experience. The Firm is working hard to overcome a lack of diversity on the Group Board, despite this being symptomatic of the Financial Services industry as a whole, and by virtue of the wholesale changes in board composition made throughout 2021, the percentage of women on the Group Board increased from 9% to 20%. The Group is fully committed to promoting inclusion and diversity and this will remain a key focus in 2022. The Board regularly assesses the independence of each of the Non-Executive Directors and has determined that Carla Stent, Lord Fink, Sarah Ing, Konstantin Graf von Schweinitz and Robert Pickering are independent. None of the Non-Executive Directors, nor their immediate families, have received additional remuneration from the Group, apart from management fees paid to JRJ in accordance with the Shareholders' Agreement. The accuracy of the JRJ fees is reviewed annually by Internal Audit on behalf of the Audit and Compliance Committee. A full Register of Directors Interests is presented to the Group Board annually for approval and any interim changes are reviewed and approved at the next available Board Meeting. At the commencement of each Group Board Meeting, the Directors are also invited by the Chair to advise of any conflicts or potential conflicts in respect of items on that meeting's agenda. Where the Group Board believes that a potential conflict of interest could affect, or could appear to affect, any Director's judgement, appropriate procedures will be considered including recusal of the Director from the relevant part of the meeting.

Highlight [page 51]: Evaluation of the perfonnance of the Board, its committees, and the Chair is usually undertaken annually, however due to the wholesale changes in Board composition in 2021, the Chair considered that to elicit more meaningful responses, this should be deferred until the newly appointed Directors had been with the Firm for a longer period. A Board Evaluation was therefore undertaken in March 2022 and the results and recommendations will be summarised in the 2022 Annual Report. Principle 3 - Director Responsibilities The Group's governance arrangements are assessed annually by the Company Secretary and the Chair to ensure that these are robust and effective, and that lines of accountability and responsibility are clear. Any required enhancements are recommended to the Group Board as appropriate. The governance structure takes into account the specific governance requirements or guidelines issued by applicable regulators. As good practice, the Finn applies its governance arrangements at Group level and an FCA-approved modification of entity level governance and risk management regulatory requirements is in place, given that these are achieved robustly by the Group Board committees. All participants in Board and Board Committee meetings are also careful to consider the capacity within which decisions are taken and are cognisant of the specific legal entity involved in the matter. The Company Secretary advises the Group Board on matters of corporate governance, attends all meetings of the Group Board, Subsidiary Boards, and Board Committees, and ensures that the correct procedures are followed. All members of the Group Board, Subsidiary Boards and Board Committees have access to the services of the Company Secretary. The quality of papers submitted to the Group Board continued to improve throughout 2021, and the Finn has adopted a digital board papers portal to enhance the timeliness and security of distribution. The current high-level structure of the Group and its regulated subsidiaries is set out below: Marex Regulated Company Structure Chart Marex Group pie ImermeaIa1e Holding r----, r ... r r ~ "I Mcrex Rnanclal (England& Wales) FCA Regulated Broker ,. Marex Specfron lntemallonal Umlted (England II Wales) FCAand CFTC Regulated Broker Marex Sp8ctron Europe limited (Ireland) CBI Regulated Broker MmexNOrth Ame~callC (USAJ enc Regulated Brok.er '" '" '" r " r ... ,. r ... Marex Hong Kong Umlled (Hong Kong) SFC Re11ulated Broker Marex Spectron Asia Pte. Lid. (Jlngapore) MAS RcguIatea Broker Marex France SAS (France) AMF Regulated !',lfM X-Change Rnanclal ArFlnco SA (France) Access, llC (USAJ SEC Regulated Broker ACPR Regulated Dl'OkGr ~ '" ,. ,.

Highlight [page 52]: Where possible, at least one director on each Regulated Company Board is a director or standing attendee of the Group Board and all other Regulated Company Board directors are members of the Management Executive Committee. This is, however, subject to some exceptions based on local requirements. Directors of the Group Board and regulated subsidiaries are recommended by the Nomination Committee to the relevant Board for approval. In addition to the directors, board meetings may also include standing attendees and invitees. Standing attendees are expected to participate fully in the meeting (or relevant part thereof), however they will not have the right to vote. Invitees act simply as either presenters or observers and make contributions when called upon to do so. The formal corporate governance structure ofMarex includes the following Board Committees: Audit and Compliance Committee Risk Committee Remuneration Committee Nomination Committee Mergers and Acquisitions Committee Each committee is chaired by a Non-Executive Director and members of all Board Committees are appointed by the Group Board from amongst its directors. The roles and responsibilities of each Board Committee are set out in the relevant terms of reference, which are approved annually by the Group Board. The responsibilities of each Board Committee are in respect of the Company and its regulated subsidiaries. Meetings of Board Committees are held at the frequency detailed in the relevant terms ofreference and may also be convened by the relevant Chair or by any member on request. Copies of agendas for the meetings are distributed in advance, together with supporting papers, and all meetings are formally minuted by the Company Secretary. Minutes of these meetings are shared with the Group Board and are supplemented with verbal updates from the Committee Chairs at each Board meeting, as appropriate. In addition to members, participants at Board Committee meetings may include standing attendees, alternates and invitees. Standing attendees are expected to participate fully (save for the right to vote) in the activities of the committee attended (or part thereof) and invitees are expected to present or to observe, making contributions when called upon to do so. An overview of each Board Committee is set out below. Audit and Compliance Committee The role of the Audit and Compliance Committee is to assist the Board in ensuring the independence and effectiveness of the internal and external audit functions, the integrity of the financial and narrative statements, the effectiveness of internal financial controls, and regulatory compliance. The responsibilities of the Audit and Compliance Committee include: Monitoring the integrity of the financial statements of the Company, including reviewing and approving statements to be included in the annual report. Reviewing the Company's internal financial controls (including the systems to identify, manage and monitor financial risks). Reviewing the Company's procedures, systems, and controls for detecting and preventing financial crime. Ensuring the proper and independent discharge of the Group Compliance function and compliance with legal and regulatory requirements. Monitoring and reviewing the effectiveness of the Company's internal audit function in the context of the Company's overall risk management system. Overseeing the Company's relations with the external auditor. Monitoring the proper discharge of the client money operational oversight function.

Highlight [page 53]: The Audit and Compliance Committee is comprised of: Members: Sarah Ing (Chair), Joe Cohen, Konstantin Graf von Schweinitz, Robert Pickering. Standing Attendees: Board Chair, Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer, Chief Risk Officer, Head oflnternal Audit, Head of Compliance, Head of Treasury and the external auditors. The Audit and Compliance Committee also holds regular private sessions with Internal Audit and with the external auditors, without the executives present. Risk Committee The role of the Risk Committee is to oversee and provide advice to the Board on the Group's current risk exposures and future risk strategies (including the strategy for capital and liquidity management), the embedding and maintenance throughout the Group of a supportive culture in relation to the management of risk and the establishment of prescriptive rules and procedures in relation to risk. The responsibilities of the Risk Committee include: Overseeing and challenging the day-to-day risk management, internal control systems, and oversight arrangements of senior management. Assessing the risk exposures of the Group, drawing on appropriate qualitative and quantitative metrics. Reviewing risk exposures, management, mitigation and in particular any risk exposures of concern. Having primary oversight of the internal capital adequacy and risk assessment (ICARA) process. Overseeing the approval and monitoring of appropriate limits on exposures and concentrations. Advising the Board on risk appetites, tolerance, and future risk strategy. Reviewing risk appetite statements, trigger limits and capacities. The Risk Committee is comprised of: Members: Lord Fink (Chair), Konstantin Grafvon Schweinitz, Roger Nagioff, Sarah Ing and Carla Stent. Standing Attendees: Chief Executive Officer, Chieffinancial Officer, Chief Risk Officer, Group President and the Head of Risk. Remuneration Committee The role of the Remuneration Committee is to determine the remuneration policy and practices of the Company for executive directors and design and determine remuneration for the chair of the Board, executive directors and senior management, having regard to statutory and regulatory requirements. The responsibilities of the Remuneration Committee include: Determining remuneration policy. Setting remuneration for the chair of the Board, executive directors, and senior management, including pension rights and compensation payments. Advising on and determining all formulae and targets for performance-related schemes and the methods for assessing whether performance conditions are met and the eligibility of executive directors for annual bonuses. Reviewing and approving all aspects of any share option scheme, share incentive scheme or other long term incentive plan. Ensuring that potential conflicts of interest are managed and that no director or senior executive is involved in any decisions as to their own remuneration. Reviewing gender pay gap reporting and associated actions.

Highlight [page 54]: The Remuneration Committee is comprised of: Members: Jeremy Isaacs (Chair), Carla Stent, Joe Cohen, Konstantin Graf von Schweinitz, Sarah Ing, Robert Pickering. Standing Attendees: Chief Executive Officer (where non-conflicted), Group HR Director, Group Head of Reward. Nomination Committee The role of the Nomination Committee is to ensure there is a formal, rigorous and transparent procedure for the appointment of new directors, to lead the process for board appointments making recommendations to the Board and ensuring plans are in place for succession to the Board and senior management positions. The responsibilities of the Nomination Committee include: Evaluating the skills, experience and knowledge of the Board. Identifying, nominating and recommending for the approval of the Board, candidates to fill Board vacancies. Approving the Company's policy on boardroom diversity and inclusion. Overseeing the development of a diverse pipeline for orderly succession for appointments to both the Board and senior management. The Nomination Committee is comprised of: Members: Carla Stent (Chair), Joe Cohen, Jeremy Isaacs, Robert Pickering. Standing Attendees: Chief Executive Officer, Group HR Director. Mergers and Acquisitions Committee The role of the Mergers and Acquisitions Committee is to review potential mergers, acquisitions, or disposals and if appropriate, recommend such merger, acquisition, or disposal to the Board for final approval; or to approve in accordance with the delegation of authority limits set out in the Board Terms of Reference. The responsibilities of the Mergers and Acquisitions Committee include: Reviewing the strategic alignment of any proposed acquisition or disposal. Ensuring appropriate due diligence of the target company or acquirer is undertaken. Providing access to relevant information requested as part of due diligence enquiries. Ensuring financial performance and alignment with the Group's strategic objectives is maintained. Ensuring appropriate funding and capital structures are available to enable any acquisition. The Mergers and Acquisitions Committee is comprised of: Members: Carla Stent (Chair), with remaining members appointed by the Board for each specific merger, acquisition, or disposal to be considered. Standing Attendees: Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer.

Highlight [page 55]: Principle 4 - Opportunity and Risk The Group Board held its annual 'Strategy Day' in January 2021, which was held remotely due to Covid-19 social distancing measures in place at the time. At this meeting the overarching strategy of the Group was approved together with the budget and three-year plan. The focus of the meeting also included discussion on Environmental, Social and Governance ('ESG') matters (including approval of the Group's inaugural ESG Report); risk & regulation; organisational development; client review; culture; financial crime; margin analysis; liquidity and capital planning; and acquisition performance. The Group Board continues to identify opportunities to evolve and diversify the Group in line with agreed risk appetite and long-term strategy, evidenced by acquisitions of Arfinco SA (one of Europe's leading agricultural brokers), Volcap Trading Partners Limited (an award-winning soft commodity and bespoke structured product business), and Starsupply Petroleum Europe B.V. (a prominent Rotterdam-based broker of physical oil products). The Group also continues to identify future opportunities for innovation, creativity and ambition, as particularly evidenced by the Marex Solutions division, which has expanded into new jurisdictions and created new product offerings. Marex Solutions has brought together experienced market-leading talent, and utilising their entrepreneurial and technology-led approach, have become a prominent specialist producer of bespoke OTC derivatives and structured products. The Firm continues to expand its focus on ESG and has launched a bespoke renewables desk, has seeded a number of projects to create carbon credits, (by maintaining or adding new mangrove swamps in South-East Asia through the support of Global Mangrove Trust), and continues to collaborate with the Smith School of Enterprise and the Environment, Oxford University (where we sponsor a research program on Environmental Sustainability), to support the launch of a spin-out entity, OxCarbon, which will offer commercial services in the carbon offset market. The ESG section in this Strategic Report sets out the Firm's focus in more detail. The Group Board has delegated authority to the Risk Committee for oversight and management of key risks and maintaining the Group's risk profile within the risk appetite set by the Group Board. The Risk Committee meets on a quarterly basis and ad-hoc as required, focussing on the key risks faced by the Group, including market, credit and operational risk. The Risk Committee oversees and challenges day-to-day risk management and oversight arrangements of senior management; assesses the current risk exposures of the Group, drawing on appropriate qualitative and quantitative metrics; reviews the Group's current risk exposures and advises the Group Board of any risk exposures of concern; and develops metrics to be used to monitor the Group's risk management performance and periodically review the methodologies and tools used in assessing and monitoring the Group's risk exposures. The Group Board reviews and approves on an annual basis the Group's internal assessment of capital and liquidity adequacy which allows the Board to monitor the activities of the Group and its results against the targeted financial resilience and liquidity. The Group Board reviews the forecasted financing requirements, financing capacity and options that are required to deliver the targeted financial resilience levels and allowing for Group strategy to be set.

Highlight [page 56]: Principle 5 - Remuneration The Remuneration Committee reviews and approves the annual remuneration and discretionary bonus awards for employees and ensures that remuneration has been designed to promote the long-tenn success of the Company, is transparent, and aligned with behaviour, conduct and the Group's cultural values. In 2021 the Remuneration Committee also approved a new Executive Director remuneration structure, reviewed remuneration of Non-Executive Directors and the Chair, reviewed and approved a Retention Long Term Incentive Plan and a 2021 Deferred Bonus Plan for senior management, and are considering further incentive proposals for 2022. The Remuneration Committee is comprised of Non-Executive Directors in order to ensure independence and appropriate consideration of shareholder interests. In the 2021 Gender Pay Gap Report we reported that our pay gap is in line with the Financial Services industry, and further analysis showed that gender distribution (fewer women in senior positions), and not unequal pay, is the driver of our pay gap (for matched roles, there is no pay gap between genders). Our mid to long term aim remains to increase female numbers across the Group, particularly in senior roles. In 2021 and to the date of this report in 2022 we hired several senior female employees including a Group Head of HR, Group Head of Compliance, Global Head of Reward, Global Head of Tax, and Global Change Manager. In July 2021 we appointed a female Independent Non-Executive Director to the Group Board, Sarah Ing, who Chairs the Audit and Compliance Committee, and is a member of both the Risk Committee and the Remuneration Committee. Principle 6 - Stakeholder Relationships and Engagement During the course of the year we engaged with a broad range of stakeholders that allowed us to build more meaningful relationships and understand their expectations. These stakeholders include our clients, our people, the environment, regulators, suppliers and shareholders. Clients Our clients are everything, which is why superior execution and superb client service is central to our business. We are always looking for new ways to strengthen our client offerings, and the acquisition of entities such as Arfinco SA, Volcap Trading Partners Limited, and Starsupply Petroleum Europe B.V. (as noted above), the launch of new desks (such as our further expansion into renewable energy), and the increasingly broad service offering from Marex Solutions, has further diversified our product set. We believe that the depth and quality of our services differentiates us from many of our competitors. Every day our brokers and market makers are interacting with clients. We are also engaging more frequently with the senior management from our clients' firms as we seek to build even deeper relationships. Given the nature of our business we have been able to provide continuous service to our clients throughout the Covid-19 pandemic. Our people We invest in our people and help them develop their careers. Our people are the basis of our competitive advantage, so we look to grow our own and make our business the rewarding place that ambitious, hardworking, and talented people choose to build their careers. We are committed to offering equality of opportunity to all, regardless of gender. We frequently engage with our employees through formal and infonnal channels. These include face-to-face dialogues between employees and line managers, the staff newsletter, and regular 'Town Halls' hosted by the Chief Executive Officer together with other senior managers such as the Chief Financial Officer, Group President and Group HR Director. In 2021, we continued our employee survey programme and made subsequent enhancements based on the feedback received. The Group Board Chair continues to act as whistleblowers' champion and no viable concerns were found in the year pertaining to conduct in the Finn's FCA regulated offices. One matter is currently under investigation.

Highlight [page 57]: The Environment The Group recognises its role in promoting and supporting environmental sustainability initiatives and continues to sponsor a multi-year Research Program at the Smith School of Enterprise and the Environment at the University of Oxford. The Group Board has further strengthened its commitment to sustainability throughout 2021, approving the inaugural ESG Report setting out the Firm's commitment to improve the environments in which our clients, employees, their communities and those with whom we interact live and work. The Group has also developed a plan to be carbon neutral by 2022 and is committed to serving its clients, communities and investors by being a responsible commodities business. With a focus on ownership, partnership and stewardship, we endeavour to leave our business and communities in a more positive shape than we find them. The Group's ESG Committee and Environment and Climate Working Party continue to meet regularly to further develop our ESG positive initiatives. Regulators The Group is subject to an extensive supervisory and regulatory framework across each of the countries in which we operate. Changes in this regulatory framework could have a significant effect on our businesses and clients, position and costs, as well as on the financial and economic environment in which it operates. Because of this we maintain a constant and open dialogue with our regulators around the world. As a UK based company, our most frequent interaction is with the Financial Conduct Authority, centralised through the Compliance function and with regular discussions that include other relevant areas of the Group, meetings with our Executive team, and also meetings with the Chair. We continue to have close dialogue with the Commodity Futures Trading Commission and the Securities and Exchange Commission in the United States; the Central Bank of Ireland; Hong Kong Securities and Futures Commission; Monetary Authority of Singapore; and the Autorite des Marches Financiers and the Autorite de controle prudentiel et de resolution in France. Suppliers We have long-term relationships with a broad range of suppliers around the world. We are committed to high standards and require our suppliers to meet the Marex Supplier Code of Conduct. Strong business relationships are essential for the Group, and for the key subsidiaries for which payment practices and performance reporting is required, the average time taken to make payments under qualifying contracts in 2021 was 13.5 days. As a leader in our field, we take great pride in being a good corporate citizen and are always striving to set the highest standards of ethical conduct, and corporate and social responsibility. We recognise and are committed to both relevant national and international standards, which we expect our suppliers to abide by, including those set out by the International Labour Organisation, the Bribery Act 2010 and the Equality Act 2010. The Group Modern Slavery and Human Trafficking Statement sets out the steps that we have taken to minimise the risk of modern slavery existing in our business or supply chains. Shareholders As a privately held company, we maintain a balance between delivering value for our shareholders, but also developing our business as a global financial services platform. Our key shareholder groups are represented by directors on the Group Board and between board meetings there is regular communication between our CEO, Chair and shareholder representatives. The Company also has a small amount of ordinary non-voting shares held by current and former management and staff, each of whom retains the right to receive any dividend paid by the Company. Our website is regularly updated to provide shareholders (and other stakeholders) with the Group's latest news and developments, including copies of the latest financial statements of the Group and key subsidiaries. The directors, in preparing this Strategic report, have complied with s414C of the Companies Act 2006.