
Highlight [page 50]: ~ ~#;l1I•l1ii.¥J OO•J1101t•lit';J;)lS•J11li■ffi~ OO§!l11!11i3i•lift•i1■a•H1li1Hil#~

Highlight [page 52]: The Board ✓ /, ~i { -}.~ ( ........ ',, /.ii>: -~ ~ ~ . I J. Jonathan Flint CSE FAEng, FlnstP Non-Executive Chair Appointed: 2019 Skills and experience Jonathon brings extensive aerospace and defence experience to the Boord, having held a variety of aerospace technical and managerial roles at Marconi and BAe Systems and, more latterly, been a non-executive director of Cobham pie. He hos also delivered strong growth and shareholder value in technology-led markets around the world. He was awarded a CBE in 2012 for seNices to business and science. Committee membership ■ AN(C) RS Current external appointments ■ Choir of OuontlC strategic advisory board Choir of Refeyn ■ Key former appointments ■ President Council of the Institute of Physics Non-executive director of Oxford University Innovation ■ ■ Chief Executive of Oxford Instruments pie ■ Non-executive of Cobham pie director Kathy Jenkins Chief Executive Officer Appointed: 2021 Skills and experience Kathy joined Mo rs hall of Cambridge Holdings in 2017 os Group HR Director ond was subsequently promoted to Chief Operating Officer in 2019 before her recent appointment as Chief Executive Officer, making her the first ever non-family member to lead the Marshall business. Hoving started her career in finance, Kathy moved into HR, projects and operations. She hos held a wide range of senior roles across a number of varied sectors including oil, construction, electronics, transportation, aerospace, defence and security. Immediately prior to joining Marshall, Kathy spent 14 years with Tholes Group where she led several large global business integration and transformation programmes. Committee membership ■ None Current external appointments ■ None Key former appointments None ■ Julie Baddeley Senior Independent Non-Executive Director Appointed: 2016 Skills and experience Julie is one of the UK's most experienced women directors, having served in both on executive and non-executive capacity on the boards of leading public companies, as well as major public sector organisations, and across a range of sectors including consumer, retail, industrial, financial and professional services. She hos significant remuneration committee experience and on independent focus on leadership, change management, governance and talent. Committee membership ■ R(C) S(C)N Current external appointments ■ ■ ■ Non-executive Systems pie Non-executive of Ebiquity pie director of Tl Fluid director Choir of Chapter Zero, the Directors' Climate Forum Key former appointments ■ ■ ■ ■ ■ ■ Chairman of Harvey Nosh pie Non-executive of Greggs pie Non-executive Group pie Non-executive Group pie director director of Camelot director of BOC Non-executive director of Yorkshire Building Society Non-executive director of Chrysalis VCT pie

Highlight [page 53]: James Buxton DLFRICS Non-Executive Director Appointed: 2014 Skills and experience With over 40 yeors of experience, Jomes is o well-recognised figure in the notionol property market, having advised landowners, developers and institutions on all aspects of property development and promotion. The depth and breadth of his knowledge and advice has been key in progressing the Group's major property developments in Cambridge. He was appointed a Deputy Lieutenant of Cambridgeshire in 2006. Committee membership ■ NS Current external appointments ■ Chairman of Pigeon Investment Management Trustee for a number of landowning families ■ Key former appointments ■ ■ Senior partner, Bidwells LLP Chairman of the CBI in the East of Englond ■ Advisory Board of the Department of Land Economy at Cambridge University Non-executive director of Strutt & Parker Farms Ltd ■ Roger Hardy Independent Non-Executive Director Appointed: 2022 Skills and experience Roger is on engineer with extensive leadership experience in the defence industry ocross oll three services: Air Force, Army ond Navy. His executive career has been predominantly with Babcock International in a number of senior roles. He brings to the Boord a focus of safety, stakeholder engagement, programme and project delivery, international business winning, strong operotional performance and team building. Committee membership ■ ANRS Current external appointments ■ None Key former appointments ■ Chief executive, Aviation -Babcock Chief executive, Defence and Security - Babcock Managing director, Cavendish Nuclear Managing director, Submarines -Babcock ■ ■ ■ Justin Read Independent Non-Executive Director Appointed: 2021 Skills and experience Justin brings significant financial and executive management experience from his career working in a number of different industry sectors and across multiple jurisdictions. These include building materials/construction, property, and corporate finance. Key past roles include group finance director at both Segro pie and Speedy Hire pie, as well as head of corporate development and managing director Continental Europe at Hanson pie. Committee membership ■ A(C)N R Current external appointments ■ ■ Senior independant non-executive director of Grainger pie Non-executive director of lbstock pie ■ Non-executive director of Affinity Water Ltd Key former appointments ■ ■ ■ Group finance director, Segro pie Group finance director, Speedy Hire pie Managing director, Continental Europe Hanson pie

Highlight [page 54]: FCMA Chief Financial Officer Appointed: 2022 Skills and experience Doug joins the Board with over 30 years' experience operating at boord level within a number of different industries. Doug has held finance director, group finance director, monaging director and CEO roles with various organisations including ABF, Marconi, BAE Systems, Finmeccanica and Survitec. More recently, he has acted as independent consultant and industry adviser to private equity companies. He brings with him o strong track record of turning around and growing businesses, particularly within aerospace and defence, and with a large international customer base, and has led numerous cross-border acquisitions. Committee membership ■ None Current external appointments ■ None Key former appointments ■ ■ Chief Executive Officer 3SI ltd Chief executive officer of Survitec Group ■ Senior Vice President Leonardo ltd Managing director at BAE Systems Avionics ■ ■ Group finance director at GEC Marconi Sarah Moynihan FCACRAeS Group Company Secretary Appointed: 2012 Skills and experience Sarah qualified as a chartered accountant with EY, specialising in mergers and acquisitions. She joined the Group as financial controller and was appointed Company Secretary in 2012. She provides regulatory, legal, governance and compliance advice to the Board and its committees, as well as advising and supporting shareholders. She is responsible for the co-ordination and implementation of the Group's sustainability and ESG strategies, chairs the pension governance committee and is a trustee of the Group's pension scheme. Committee membership ■ ANRS Current external appointments ■ Independent Trustee of the Royal Aeronautical Society Key former appointments None

Highlight [page 56]: Corporate governance I] rganisational structure Governance framework Throughout the 15 months ended 31 Morch 2022, the Group and its subsidiories continued to operate under high stondords of corporate governance, which underpins the importance of the role of statutory directors, at both Company and subsidiary level. The Boord hos overall responsibility for the governance framework within which the Group operates. The structure of the Board Chair The Choir, working with the Group Company Secretory, sets the agenda for Boord meetings and encourages on open and constructive debate. Jonathon Flint was appointed Choir Designate in February 2022 and succeeded Alex Dorrian on 30 June 2022. • Senior Independent Non-Executive Director Julie Baddeley continues to toke on the responsibility of the Senior Independent Non-Executive Director, who acts as o sounding board for the Choir and as on intermediary for other Directors. She is responsible for holding annual meetings with the Non-Executive Directors, without the Choir present, to appraise his performance, and acts as the Choir's deputy in his absence. Non-Executive Directors The Non-Executive Directors bring independent judgement on key issues affecting the Group and its business operations, including strategy, performance, resources (including key appointments), and standards of conduct. They provide constructive challenges to management and develop proposals on strategy. The Boord considers that three of the five Non-Executive Directors were completely Independent of the Uroup·s executive management and free from any business or other relationships that could materially interfere with the exercise of their independent judgement throughout the lost financial period. Their independence of character and integrity, together with the experience and skills they bring to their duties, prevent any individual or small group from dominating the decision-making of the Boord. Designated Employee Engagement Non-Executive Director Jonathon Flint continues to toke on the responsibility of Designated Employee Engagement Non-Executive Director. His role is to understand the views of the workforce and identify any areas of concern, to communicate the views of the workforce to the Boord and to ensure the Boord considers the workforce in all decisions. Group Company Secretary The Group Company Secretory is responsible for ensuring Boord procedures ore complied with, and that Directors ore sufficiently supplied with information. She is responsible for ensuring compliance with relevant procedures, rules and regulations. She is also the day-to-day contact for shareholders. More detail on changes to the Board's composition the 15-month period con be found in the Nomination Committee Report on pages 62-63. Governance principles and applications during Although the Group is not subject to the UK Corporate Governance Code (the "Code"), the Boord hos considered the Code and related guidelines when developing the appropriate governance structure for the Group and its values. The Group's governance framework is driven through the full application of the Wates Principles and, where practical, its application of the Code to provide for a robust corporate governance framework. This is defined as the Marshall Group Corporate Governance Framework. This framework encapsulates the Group's approach to governance, with a range of robust processes, information and methods to ensure that stakeholder and employee concerns ore considered at Boord level, and for the long-term success of the organisation. The Group is a purpose-led organisation and operates with a focus on long-term value for the business, its employees, shareholders and the local communities, among other stakeholders. The role of the Board The Boord is responsible for the governance framework the Group operates in and is collectively responsible to the Company's shareholders for the direction, promotion and oversight of the Company to ensure its long-term success. It provides leadership for the Group, devises strategy, ensures the necessary resources ore available, and sets controls and standards. In doing so, the Directors comply with their duties under Section 172 of the Companies Act 2006. Other core activities include defining the Group's appetite for risk, obtaining assurance that material risks to the Group ore identified, and ensuring that appropriate systems of risk management and internal control exist to mitigate such risks. The Boord is responsible for ensuring the effectiveness of, and reporting on, the system of corporate governance. Ad9itionally, the Boord monitors performance and approves budgets, major acquisitions, projects and contracts. The Schedule of Matters reserved for the Board The Schedule of Matters reseNed for the Boord includes: strategy; structure and capitol; financial reporting and controls; internal controls and risk management; authorisation and approval levels; Boord membership; delegation of authority and policy development; corporate governance matters; acquisitions, disposals, projects and contracts; Section 172 protocol; and dividend policy. Division of responsibilities The Boord delegates certain powers and responsibilities to the committees, and these committees regularly report bock to the Board. These committees provide oversight on the matters contained in their terms of references, which ore regularly reviewed and updated. The Boord is also responsible for setting the levels of delegated authority, while retaining overall responsibility for the governance of the Group.

Highlight [page 57]: oard focus and activities during the period The Board's activities are designed to assist them in the objective of supporting and advising executive management on the delivery of the Group's strategy within a framework of effective corporate governance, to ensure the long-term success of the Group for stakeholders, and to create shareholder value. The Board considers the meetings an effective mechanism for discharging its duties under Section 172 of the Companies Act 2006. The Board's actions throughout the period reflected the strategic goals. The Board regularly discussed the impact of, and recovery from, the pandemic, governance, risk management and the Group's financial performance, focusing on stakeholders and ensuring that the culture is aligned with its purpose, values and strategy. The Board made a number of principal decisions during the period, which are set out on page 36. Group Boord Attendance and contribution Attendance at Board meetings is important so assurances can be provided to the Company's shareholders that expected commitments are being met by individual Board members. It is the responsibility of the Directors to make themselves available to attend meetings, unless there are special circumstances preventing them from doing so. Furthermore, Directors ore expected to pion in advance and attend all meetings fully prepared and ready to contribute to discussions and decision-making, so that the varied Board experiences are heard and challenged, in pursuit of the Company's best interests. The Board, as part of their engagement with the shareholders and wider stakeholder groups, has approved the recording of attendance of Board members at Board and general meetings to use as a metric in the report and accounts. The contributions of Directors in Board meetings to the furtherance of the Company's strategy and best interests is recorded in Board minutes taken by the Company Secretory, and this information feeds into the Board evaluation process devised by the Boord. The expectations, policies and processes set out for meeting attendance and contribution demonstrate the Board's awareness of and commitment to their responsibilities as Directors of the Company regarding meetings. The table below sets out details of Directors that have served during the 15-month period, and includes details of each member's attendance at the Board meetings held in the period. There ore separate attendance statements for the Nomination, Remuneration, Sustainability and Audit and Risk Committees on pages 62, 64, 67 and 68 respectively. Board member Attendance Alex Dorrian James Buxton Julie Baddeley Sean Cummins Jonathan Flint Kathy Jenkins' Charlie Marshall Justin Reod 2 Philip Yea' 11/11 11/11 11/11 11/11 11/11 7fl 8/11 5/5 6/6 , , , Appointed July 2021. Appointed October 2021. Resigned September 2021.

Highlight [page 58]: Corporate governance continued The six Wates Principles, and haw they are applied by the Board, are set out below: Principle 1 - Purpose and leadership Purpose and leadership is the first of the Wates Principles: Ethics and policy In line with the Group's culture and strategic objectives, the Group has several policies and procedures to support the Directors, employees and Group to continue to deliver its purpose. Ethics "An effective board develops and promotes the purpose of a company, and ensures that its values, strategy and culture align with that purpose." The Group has complementary policies, which combine to demonstrate its ethical principles. In line with the Group's culture of fair business practise and good governance, the Board is responsible for the approval of the Group's Code of Business Ethics. This applies to all operating companies end employees within the Group, and helps them to act and operate appropriately within the confines of legislation and the Group's ethical code of conduct. Anti-Bribery Policy The Board is responsible for the approval of the Group's Anti-Bribery Policy, which sets out the Group's position and response on the requirements set out in the Bribery Act 2010. The policy details the principles and procedures applicable to all companies and employees within the Group regarding the prevention of bribery and corruption. The Board develops and formally approves the Company's purpose and strategy, alongside transparent disclosure. This supports the Board and Group subsidiaries in their understanding of expected behaviours and practises throughout the organisation, and influences the Group culture and integration of the different functions and operations throughout the business, as well as the Group's long-term value creation. Policies and protocols ore in place to support the execution of the Group's purpose and values across the organisation, which drives overall engagement with employees, shareholders and wider stakeholders across the businesses. Purpose - l)ui1aing extraordinary tutures Marshall is a unique private company committed to making a difference through providing support and services to its growing customer base; support that cannot be provided as effectively by others. At its core, Marshall is determined to develop and deliver long-term value through building extraordinary futures for customers, communities, people and the planet. Strategy Despite a continued challenging business environment, the overarching strategic objective of Marshall Group remains certain: to ensure sustainable growth in capital value, which preserves and enhances the value of shareholdings over the long term. The strategic enablers to this include: growing profitable revenue, future-proofing our businesses, unlocking value within each business and ensuring we deliver on extraordinary future that stands up alongside our proud 113-yeor history. Whistleblowing Policy The Board is responsible for the approval of the Group's Whistleblowing Policy, which sets out the Group's position and response to whistleblowing in line with best standards and practice. The policy details the scope of application, principles that underpin it, responsibilities of those it applies to, and outcomes of any whistleblowing claim made in good faith. Commensurate with best practice, and to ensure that the Group works to the highest ethical standards, the Group operates an independent whistle blowing procedure to allow staff to confidentially raise any concerns about business conduct. The Group hos on independent third-party whistleblowing hotline and website, allowing employees a way to report concerns to an unconnected party. Modern Slavery Policy The Board is responsible for the approval of the Group's Modern Slavery Policy, which sets out the Group's position and response on the requirements set out in the Modern Slavery Act 2015. The policy entrenches the Group's zero-tolerance approach to modern slavery and emphasises the Group's commitment to acting ethically, transparently and with integrity, throughout the Group's operating companies and supply chains, in accordance with the Modern Slavery Act 2015. The Group has published its Slavery and Human Trafficking Statement on its website.

Highlight [page 59]: The Boord is responsible for the approval of the Group's Diversity, Inclusion, Equality and Human Rights Policy, which sets out the Group's approach to compliance with the requirements of the Equality Act 2010. This policy is opplicoble to all subsidiaries of the Group and demonstrates the Board's commitment to ensuring equality of opportunity for all employees through the promotion of diversity and inclusion of all demographic factors. This policy olso strives to eliminate discrimination and harassment in the workplace and to prevent any potential breaches of human rights as set out in the Human Rights Act 1998. Board diversity The Boord is, by necessity, a diverse group of individuals, with a variety of professional qualifications and experience across many sectors and industries. This level of diversity is needed to ensure decisions mode at this level hove the right input and challenge. It is important for the Board to understand and influence the culture around the business, which cannot be achieved solely from inside the boardroom. Tax policy The policy that governs the Group's management of its tax affairs is fully aligned with the Group's wider commercial, reputotionol and business practices, and is consistent with the Group's values and commitment to good corporate responsibility. The underlying principles ore also fully aligned with the Confederation of British Industry's seven tax principles, ond include: ■ ■ ■ ■ ■ ■ ■ to manage the Group's tax affairs responsibly and transparently; to not use contrived or artificial structures to reduce tax liabilities; to toke advantage of the reliefs and incentives that exist, but respect the intention and low in conformity the Group's values; with to conduct its affairs to maintains a low-risk tax roting - a classification first awarded to the Group by HMRC in 2009; to conduct business safely, tax is considered in significant business developments or acquisitions so to fully assess any potential tax consequences of actions in advance and reduce risk; where required, seek external advice from reputable professional firms; and skilled in-house resources so the Group con adhere to these principles without exception.

Highlight [page 60]: Corporate governance continued Principle 2 - Board composition Boord composition is the second of the Wates Principles: "Effective board composition requires an effective chair and a balance of skills, backgrounds, experience and knowledge, with individual directors having sufficient capacity to make a valuable contribution. The size of a board should be guided by the scale and complexity of the company." Board membership Information about Board members and their membership of Committees is on pages 50 and 52. The Boord operates through clear protocols and governance processes, which allows for independent challenge and transparency in its decision-making, and is supported through the executive management team and its internal executive committees. The Board considers the overoll size and composition to be appropriate, considering the experience and skills that individual Board members bring to their duties. They can operate at a high level independently of each other and work together as a team. The Board considers that the skills and experience of its individual members, particularly in the areas of aerospace and defence, property, general business skills, corporate finance, governance and risk management, have provided support and challenge to the Chair, Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, and the executive management team during the period. At the date of this report, the Board comprises the Chair (a non-independent Non-Executive Director), Chief Executive Officer, three independent and one non-independent Non-Executive Directors, Chief Financial Officer and Group Company Secretary. Independence The Board is aware of the other commitments of its Directors and is satisfied that these do not conflict with their duties as Directors of the Group. The Directors are responsible for notifying the Group Company Secretary if they become aware of actual or potential conflict situations or a change in circumstance relating to an existing authorisation. Board evaluation Accountability is driven through routine evaluations of the Board. The Board evaluation document details the internal and external board evaluations that have been conducted, as well as setting out a timetable for future board evaluations. The outcomes of each completed board evaluation are summarised on a collective and individual basis and are used to inform the succession plans for the Board and committees. It also includes the selection process for an external board evaluator to provide assuronce that it is independent and can provide a satisfactory service ta the Board. The board evaluation process supports the application of principle two of Wates by ensuring the Board is composed of individuals who can contribute effectively and valuably to the Company's strategy and long-term goals. The Board undertook an external evaluation in May 2022 and is in the process of implementing its recommendations. Induction and training programme The induction programme for new Executive and Non-Executive Directors has been designed ta caver the core competencies required to support effective contributions, while introducing elements of tailoring to enhance the overall learnlng experience fur eucll new Director. It provides an induction into Company culture, relationships and Board dynamics to give broader coverage of the soft elements required to contribute successfully. The induction programme supports principle two of the Wates Principles by providing new Directors with the tools, resources and one-to-one engagement with key Board members and stakeholders, so they develop rapidly and effectively, and that their contributions are effective and guided through knowledge of the Company's purpose, vision and strategy. The Board is kept up to date on legal, regulatory and governance matters through regular papers from the Group Company Secretary and by presentations from internal and external advisers. The Board has established procedures to allow individual Directors ta seek independent professional advice at the Company's expense far the furtherance of their duties. All Directors have access to the Group Company Secretary, who is responsible for ensuring compliance with relevant procedures, rules and regulations. Terms and conditions for Non-Executive Directors The terms and conditions for the appointment of Non-Executive Directors provide a detailed overview of the key governance considerations that arise when appointing Non-Executive Directors. The terms and conditions support the application of principle two of Wates by ensuring that newly appointed Directors can contribute effectively by

Highlight [page 61]: understanding time commitments, the impact of over-boarding, independence, liability and insurance, and the general role and responsibilities of directors of a limited liability company. Principle 3 - Director responsibilities Director responsibilities is the third of the Wates Principles: "The board and individual directors should have a clear understanding of their accountability and responsibilities. The board's policies and procedures should support effective decision-making and independent challenge." Operation of the Board The Board has an annual calendar of meetings and operates through a comprehensive set of processes and themes to be considered by the Board and Committees during this cycle. These include the purpose and vision of the Group, level of delegated authorities, key strategic issues and decisions, resource levels and controls and standards therein, Group's business ethics, risk management, and health, safety and environmental processes. The timetable is set in the prior period to ensure that regular meetings are scheduled, and that other meetings are held, as required, for the Board and Committees to discharge their duties sufficiently. Board papers are circulated electronically via a secure system to ensure swift communication. If a Director cannot attend a meeting, they still receive and read the documents for consideration, and can relay their comments before the meeting. There are robust internal processes to ensure that the Board receives accurate, regular and timely information about the performance of the business, such as financial information, review of actual performance against budget and forecast, and strategy and business updates. The provision of accurate and relevant management information and reports to the Board is essential for effective decision-making. The standing agenda items considered at every meeting include: ■ ■ ■ ■ ■ any potential conflicts of interest and, if necessary, disclosure of the required authorisations/advance declarations; reports from the Chief Executive Officer on strategic and business developments, together with relevant operational updates, health and safety management, employee engagement and key actions taken since the previous Board meeting; reports from the Chief Financial Officer, including risk management, commentary and highlights from the latest available management accounts and, where relevant, budgets and forecasts; reports from the Group Company Secretary, including sustainability and other ESG matters, interactions with shareholders, and any key legal or regulatory issues that affect the Group; and reports from the Group's nominee Director on the Board of Marshall Motor Holdings up until its disposal. The Board devotes much of its time to strategy and business planning issues that have an impact on the Group. The Board also met virtually in October 2021 for a two-day strategy and business planning meeting. To support the application of this principle, the Board has ensured that it has a clear understanding of its powers conferred in the Company's Articles of Association and that Directors are aware of their responsibility to fulfil the Directors' duties prescribed by the Companies Act 2006. In addition, the Board's Terms of Reference enshrine the basis that the Board will keep shareholders informed and, where appropriate, seek ordinary shareholder consent for certain major transactions or changes in ownership of major assets. All Directors are subject to election by shareholders at the first Annual General Meeting after their appointment, and re-election thereafter by rotation. All Board members receive a formal induction and have access to ongoing training and development to support them with the fulfilment of their responsibilities as Directors of the Company. The Board has set expectations regarding attendance, contribution and business ethics to support the Company's business strategy and corporate governance objectives. Directors' duties Directors' duties, ond the understanding and application of them, is important to the Board, the Company's long-term business strategy, and its ongoing financial performance and economic viability. The Board, as one and as individuals, is well versed in understanding their duties and the potential risks and liabilities that may arise where standards fall below what is required by law. The expectations set by the Board are greater than those required by law, to mitigate further potential financial, operational, compliance and reputational risks that may materialise following irresponsible acts or omissions. Furthermore, the Board has access to counsel from the Group Company Secretary and third-party advisers.

Highlight [page 62]: Principle 4 - Opportunity and risk Opportunity and risk is the fourth of the Wates Principles: Following the 2021 Integrated Review Command Poper and the planned accelerated retirement dote for the UK C-130 fleet, a contract price adjustment was agreed in Moy 2022 with the customer, reducing the risk. "A board should promote the long-term sustainable success of the company by identifying opportunities to create and preserve value, and establishing oversight for the identification and mitigation of risks." Following a Covid-19-induced reset of the Group's banking covenants in 2020, the original covenant tests, resumed in March 2021. The Group remained within covenants throughout the period and, following the receipt in Moy 2022 of circa £200m from the sale of MMH, hos no net external borrowings. Internal control The Boord hos established on appropriate control environment. The internal control system is designed to facilitate the identification, assessment and management of risk, and the protection of shareholders' investments and Group's assets. The system is designed to manage rather than eliminate the risk of assets being unprotected, inaccuracies in financial reporting and the foilure to achieve business objectives. Internal controls only provide reasonable and not absolute assurance against material misstatement or loss. The Boord delegates responsibility for reviewing and monitoring the Group's internal controls to the Audit and Risk Committee, and the key features of the Group's internal control systems ore set out in the Audit and Risk Committee Report on pages 68 to 70. Opportunity Port of the Group's purpose and a key focus for the Boord is creating long-term value by continuing to invest in areas of sustainable growth and opportunity, while seeking to generate and preserve value for the business and its stakeholders. The Board's principal decisions should odd to the long-term success of the Group while creating and preserving value. Some of the key areas of focus on opportunity include: ■ Boord review of all major projects' bids and tenders, with reference to the opportunities and risks they bring; regular programme reviews using a SOFT analysis system (strengths, opportunities, failures and threats); establishment of Futureworx to focus on creating technology and enterprise solutions for emerging global trends; the updated sustainability strategy, roadmap and ambition, as set out on pages 39 to 47, is on area of great opportunity as the aerospace and property development industries consider their actions to target net zero carbon; the transformational development, Cambridge East; and further investment opportunities and the benefits from recent cost rationalisations. ■ ■ ■ ■ ■ Review of principal risks The principal strategic risks are set on pages 31 to 35, with the most significant risks being reviewed directly by the Boord. The impact of Covid-19 hod wide-ranging implications for the Group, its operating businesses and stakeholders. At the start of 2021, almost half the workforce was successfully working remotely. Since then, there hos been a gradual increase in on-site presence. For employees on site, working practices hove been updated to ensure they appropriately reflect the level of risk at any time. Whilst the level of disruption caused by Covid-19 hos significantly reduced, employee absences and supply chain disruption continues. Principle 5 - Remuneration Remuneration is the fifth principle of Wates: "A board should promote executive remuneration structures aligned to the long-term sustainable success of a company, taking into account pay and conditions elsewhere in the company."

Highlight [page 63]: Remuneration Policy The Group's Remuneration Policy is set end monitored by the Remuneration Committee, with clear objectives to incentivise management bosed on the long-term success of the Group's strotegic goals and business plans. Succession planning and talent retention ore key focus areas for the Group, and remuneration plays on integral role in the attraction and retention of the workforce, which enables the Group to meet its goals in delivering excellent service to its stakeholders. The policy is focused on the attraction, motivation and retention of high-calibre executives, who have a track record of achievement in high performing businesses, and demonstrate behaviours in accordance with Group values, and can deliver the Group's strategic objectives consistently to its purpose and interests of shareholders. Executive Remuneration Policy is set out on page 66 and is consistent with the requirements set out in principle five of Wates. Reporting on remuneration Reporting on remuneration is a responsibility of the Remuneration Committee and is required to provide on annual, comprehensive form of assurance to the Company's members that remuneration levels for the various Boord members have been reviewed end agreed. The Remunerotion Committee Report is set out on pages 64 to 66. Principle 6 - Stakeholders Stakeholder engagement is the sixth principle of Wotes: "Directors should foster effective stakeholder relationships aligned to the company's purpose. The board is responsible for overseeing meaningful engagement with stakeholders, including the workforce, and having regard to their views when taking decisions." ~---The Group defines its stakeholders as employees, customers, suppliers, shareholders and local communities. As detailed in the Group Corporate Governance Framework, the Board is ultimately responsible for delivering the Group's purpose and, in doing so, the Directors consider the various stakeholder interests as necessary. To ensure the Group can continue to deliver its purpose, the Group supports and retains its highly skilled workforce as it views these members as essential for its success. The Boord Engagement with Stakeholders Report can be found on pages 37 to 38. Responsibility for engagement The Boord hos overall responsibility for engagement; in some circumstances, this is delegoted to various Committees or to individuals. Engagement on key issues is communicated to the Board and additional engagement takes place as port of the Group's principal decision-making process. Feedbock from engagement is reported to the Board and various Committees, and the Board is regularly appraised of various stokeholder matters. Reporting on engagement is undertaken in the Group's interim and final Reports and Accounts, as well as at Board and Committee meetings. Section 172 protocol All Directors of the Group have a duty to promote the success of the Company. This is set out in Section 172 of the Companies Act 2006. The Boord has adopted a protocol that provides detailed guidance for Directors and management on the application and execution of their Section 172 duties. The protocol also sets out the Board's process for adhering to the duty to act in the best interests of the Company. This serves as a point of reference for the Board when making collective decisions that have the potential to impact the Company and Group.

Highlight [page 64]: Nomination Committee Report During the 15-month period, the Committee's principal focus has been to lead the Board appointment process, satisfy itself that plans are established for an orderly succession to the Bodrd and management team, and oversee the development of a diverse pipeline of succession for the Group. Key matters considered in the 15-month period The key matters considered during the 15-month period are detailed below. his report sets out the governance, roles and responsibilities of the Committee, together with the key matters considered by the Co17;mittee since the lost report to shareholders. Governance, roles and responsibilities Throughout the 15-month period, the members of the Committee continued to be the Choir and all Non-Executive Directors. Committee attendance record Alex Dorrian' Julie Baddeley Jomes Buxton Jonathon Flint' Charlie Marshall' Justin Read' PhilipYeo 4 3n 1n 1n 5n 6/6 5/5 2/2 , Four meetings were to discuss Alex's successor as Choir and, in line with the governance structure, Alex did not attend these meetings. , Two meetings were to discuss Jonathon's appointment os Choir and, in line with the governance structure, Jonathon did not attend these meetings. , RP.signP.riFP.hrnry 7077 , Appointed October 2021. s Resigned September 2021. As set out in its Terms of Reference, the key responsibilities of the Committee include: • overseeing the development of a diverse succession pipeline (across the immediate, medium and long term), considering the strategic skills and experience required on the Boord in the future; • maintaining a skills matrix for the Boord and its Committees, which contains the key skills, attributes and qualities that each Director hos for each of their appointments; • regularly evaluating the composition of the Boord through the balance of skills, knowledge, experience and diversity; and • maintaining the strategic framework for Boord succession and replacement, and leading the process for the appointment and reappointment of both Executive and Non-Executive Directors. The Committee met seven times in the 15-month period to evaluate the composition and skills of the Boord and to consider succession for each Director. Following the internal Board evaluation, and recognising the number and complexity of issues the business faced over the medium term, the Committee recognised the need for a timely appointment of a Group Chief Executive. After evaluating the relevant experience and transferable skills of Kathy Jenkins, who hod been Chief Operating Officer since 1 October 2019, the Committee recommended her appointment as Group Chief Executive. Following a unanimous approval, Kathy was appointed to the Boord with effect from 5 July 2021. Alex Dorrian reverted from Executive Chairman to Chairman at the some time. Following the decision by Philip Yeo to step down from the Boord at the end of September, the Committee began its search for a new choir of the Audit and Risk Committee. A number of external candidates were long listed, short listed and interviewed, with the Committee recommending the appointment of Justin Read. Justin hos spent the majority of his career working in building materials/ construction, property and corporate finance, and brings a valuable dimension and expertise to the Boord. Following a unanimous approval, Justin was appointed to the Boord with effect from 1 October 2021. After six years on the Board, Alex announced his intention at the 2021 AGM to step down as Chairman by summer 2022. The process to select and appoint the next Choir, which started immediately ofter the 2021 AGM, was led by Julie Baddeley. Independent external consultants were appointed to identify candidates and the Boord engaged closely with the majority shareholders and other shareholder representatives on interviewing candidates and selection. After several external candidates were interviewed, the unanimous decision was to appoint Jonathon Flint as Choir Designate in February 2022. He took over formally as Chair of the Boord and as Choir of the Nomination Committee on 30 June 2022. Charlie Marshall, as Non-Executive Director and as a member of the Marshall family, ployed a key role in interviewing and selecting the right Choir to succeed Alex. Once Jonathan Flint's appointment as Choir Designate was announced, which Charlie fully supported, he felt it was the appropriate time to step bock and focus on his other commitments and, therefore, resigned from the Boord on 18 February 2022.

Highlight [page 65]: external consultants were appointed to help identify Sean Cummins advised the Boord in late 2021 of his intention to retire in 2022. To ensure a smooth transition, appropriate candidates. After several external candidates Doug Baxter joined the business immediately and was were interviewed, the unanimous decision was to appoint appointed to the Boord as Chief Financial Officer Designate Roger Hardy. Roger is an engineer with extensive leadership on 17 February 2022. Doug brings a wealth of industry experience in the defence industry across all three services: experience to his role at Marshall, having spent over Air Force, Army and Novy. Following a unanimous approval, 30 years operating ot board level across a range of different Roger was appointed to the Boord with effect from 1 organisations. August 2022. Following the appointment of Jonathon as Choir Designate, Jonathan Flint CBE the Committee then focused on finding a successor Non-Nomination Committee Ch Executive Director with significant aerospace and defence experience and strategic thinking. Again, independent

Highlight [page 66]: Remuneration Committee Report During the 15-month period, the Committee's principal focus has been to ensure that the Remuneration Policy is one that will secure, motivate and retain a senior leadership team that can deliver the Group's strategic ambitions in a manner consistent with its purpose, values and the interests of all its stakeholders, as well as against a background of uncertainty resulting from the global economic situation. his report sets out the governance, roles and responsibilities of the Committee, together with the key matters considered by the Committee since the last report to shareholders. ■ ■ ■ reviewing the ongoing appropriateness, relevance and efficiency of Remuneration Policy and practice; reviewing the design of performance-related pay schemes and Long-Term Incentive Plans; and reviewing and approving the total annual payments mode under such schemes. Key matters considered in the 15-month period The key matters considered during the year encompass the responsibilities set out in the Terms of Reference and ore set out below. The Remuneration Policy objectives, conditions and opportunity far the Executive Directors for salary, annual bonus, long-term incentive plan ('L TIP'), pension and other benefits is set out below. The Choir receives a base salary, does not participate in any bonus or incentive scheme and does not hove on entitlement to any pension benefit. Governance, roles and responsibilities Throughout the 15-month period, oll members of the Committee were independent Non-Executive Directors. Committee attendance record Julie Baddeley Jonathan Flint Philip Yea' Justin Read' , Resigned from Remuneration 30 September 2021. Committee effective , Member of Remuneration Committee from 1 October 2021. The Chair, Chief Executive Officer and the Group Company Secretary attended each meeting at the invitation of the Committee Chairman. The Chief People Officer and Head of Reward attended some meetings during the period at the invitation of the Committee Chairman. The Committee also met separately without any executive management present. 7n 7n 3/3 4/4 The Committee has unrestricted access to Company documents and information, as well as to employees of the Company and may take independent professional advice an any matters covered by its Terms of Reference at the Company's expense. During the period, the Committee took advice from remuneration specialists at Deloitte and benchmark remuneration data from Korn Ferry. The Committee Chairman reports the outcome of meetings to the Board at the meeting following a Committee meeting. As set out in its Terms of Reference, the Committee's responsibilities include: key ■ determining and agreeing with the Board the framework far the remuneration of the Chief Executive Officer, Executive Directors, Group Company Secretary and other members of executive management it is designated to consider; ■ based on benchmarks and performance, determining the total individual remuneration package of each Executive Director and specified senior executives including bonuses, incentive payments and any other elements of remuneration; A number of key decisions relating were mode: ■ ■ In the first quarter of 2021, the Committee agreed to apply base salary increases of 1.2%, effective 1 January 2021, in line with the pay review settlement agreed for the wider workforce. In April 2021, the Committee agreed the remuneration package on the appointment of the Chief Executive Officer. A full benchmarking exercise of total remuneration was conducted using Korn Ferry data, which resulted in the total remuneration far the CEO being lower when compared to previous incumbents. Following the conclusion of the 2020 audit, the Committee agreed the payment of the 2020 annual bonus. ■ ■ ■ Following the conclusion of the 2020 audit, the Cui 11111illt!t!uyrt!t!U Lilt! 2018-20 LTIP commitments. In the first quarter of 2021, the Committee agreed the 2021 Bonus structure, which was in line with the scheme for the previous year. The table overleaf details the maximum bonus opportunity and the construct of the scheme. The Bonus scheme for 2021 has not triggered payments on the financial targets. In December 2021, the Committee approved payments based on the rigorous assessment of the personal objective element (up to 25% of the total available bonus in that year). These payments were approved to be mode in April 2022. Following a recommendation from the Chief Executive Officer, the Committee agreed to harmonise the bonus arrangements for the Directors and senior executives - in most cases, reducing the quantum available, and to simplify the targets. The bonuses for 2022 will be 75% based on profit on MCH core operations excluding exceptionols with a net operating cash flow underpin and 25% personal measures, which ore agreed in advance with the Committee.

Highlight [page 67]: The 2019-21 LTIP scheme hos triggered at the maximum level of payment for the financial measures based on Group targets. The targets were set in 2019 based on the financial objectives agreed at that point, which included the performance of MMH. As detailed below, MMH performance has since been removed from subsequent LTIP grants. Due to the uncertainty in 2020 as a result of the impact of Covid-19, the 2020-22 LTIP grant was delayed and implemented at the some time as the 2021-23 LTIP grant. The LTIP structure has been reviewed during the year, removing any targets relating to MMH, and also removing the Chairman's Discretion element and this has been applied to the 2020-22 and the 2022 LTIP grant. The maximum amount to be earned under the 2020-22 and 2021-23 LTIP following an annual grant has been reduced from 125% to 100% of salary for the Chief Executive Officer. In the first quarter of 2022, the Committee agreed to apply base salary increases of 3%, effective 1 April 2022, in line with the pay review settlement agreed for the wider workforce. ■ ■ In the first quarter of the 2022, the Committee the 2022 Bonus structure as detailed above. agreed As a result of carefully reviewing the previous LTIP awards, the 2022-24 L TIP is based on profit and operating cash flow, and includes stretch targets to drive ROCE and ESG performance. In addition, the rules of the 2022 -24 LTIP have been revised and include a molus and clowbock clause. During the period, the Committee continued to have oversight through to completion of the Alignment project to modernise the employee value proposition while simplifying and ensuring consistency of employment terms. The Committee also reviewed and agreed the LTIP participants including the next level of executive management. Julie Baddeley Remuneration Committee Chairman 25 November 2022

Highlight [page 68]: Remuneration Committee Report Bose salary continued Objectives A competitive market salary commensurate with responsibility and experience. Annual bonus Objectives To motivate ond reword annual performance specifically with respect to the business ond overall profitability. Operational and performance conditions Reviewed at 1 April each year, toking into account increases awarded across the Group as a whole, personal contribution and performance, market changes and any change in role or responsibility. Operational and performance conditions Maximum 100% of salary, which is only available for exceptional performance. Paid in cash ofter the Group Report and Accounts hove been signed. Opportunity Increases ore generally expected to be in line with inflation and comporative increases in the business and competitor companies. Opportunity 75% of salary, for stretch financial targets, with on-target achievement realising 50%, and a threshold level to be reached for 25%. Up to 25% of salary based on achievement of specified personal objectives bringing the total opportunity to 100%. Long-Term Incentive Pion ('LTIP') Objectives To focus on longer-term performance and growth, and align Executive Director interests with those of shareholders. Pension Objectives To provide competitive levels of retirement benefit. Other benefits Objectives To provide competitive levels of employment benefits. Operational and performance conditions Awards ore mode based on a three-year performance period. Performance is against profitability, cash generation and adherence to Group objectives and values. Operational and performance conditions Membership of Company pension scheme or salary supplement or cash deferral scheme. Operational and performance conditions Benefits include: ■ ■ ■ ■ car and fuel benefit or equivalent; private medical insurance; income protection insurance; and life assurance of four times cover. Opportunity Up to 100% of salary con be achieved in respect of a financial year. Awards ore calculated at the end of the three-year period. There is then a further two-year holding period until cash is paid out. This is in accordance with recent and best industry practice. Opportunity Typically a defined contribution arrangement of up to 9% employer contribution, with some variation of contributions based on time employed. Opportunity Cost of providing a car benefit, life assurance, private medical insurance and income protection insurance, which ore reviewed annually to ensure they ore competitive. Remuneration Policy for Non-Executive Directors Objectives To provide fair remuneration, reflecting the time commitment and responsibilities of the roles. Operational and performance conditions Non-Executive Directors receive a fixed fee and do not participate in any incentive schemes or receive any other benefits. Fee levels ore reviewed annually. Additional fees ore payable for acting as Senior Independent Director or as Chairman of any of the Board's Committees (excluding the Nomination Committee). Opportunity Account is token of increases awarded across the Group as a whole, fee levels at organisations of a similar size, complexity and type, changes in complexity, and responsibility or time commitment required for the role.

Highlight [page 69]: Sustainability Committee Report This is the first report for the Sustainability Committee. The Committee was formed during 2021 to ensure the Group conducted business in a sustainable way and to work on the collaborative goal to reduce the negative impacts of climate change, as well as working towards ensuring our requirements for Ambition 2030 are met. The Committee supported the introduction of sustainability criteria being implemented as part of the capital expenditure approval process to ensure investment decisions could be aligned with Ambition 2030 targets. his report sets out the governonce, roles ond responsibilities of the Committee, together with the key motters considered by the Committee during the period. The Committee Chairman and the Group Company Secretary regularly reported sustainability progress to the Board, which included the baseline data review, the Ambition 2030 policy and strategy, and the key goals. The Board was supportive, recognising the importance sustainability for the future success of the Group. of Governance, roles and responsibilities Throughout comprised the period, the Committee of Non-Executive Directors. membership Committee attendance record I The Committee met five times during the 15-month period. The Chief Executive Officer, Group Company Secretary, Head of Sustainability and other relevant people from the business also attended meetings upon invitation, so that the Committee could discharge its duties. 5/5 5/5 5/5 As set out in its Terms of Reference, the key responsibilities of the Committee include: ■ reviewing the sustainability the business; setting strategies and agreeing a management approach; risks and opportunities for ■ ■ reviewing the performance and goals; and driving leadership and best practices regarding sustainability. and progress against plans ■ Key matters considered in the 15-month period The Committee oversaw the collection and analysis of baseline climate data for each of the businesses, which led to the creation of short-term targets towards the Ambition 2030 goals. In addition, a framework was implemented to ensure strategy is embedded into everyday working, so to create internal alignment towards these targets. The Committee commissioned an ISO14001 assessment - which covers environmental management and the processes required to ensure a sustainable future for the business - as part of the commitment to develop robust management systems to manage environmental risks and opportunities, identify recommendations for certification structure and implement a plan going forward. The Committee are developing an energy data dashboard to ensure that data is collected efficiently, meaning thot progress can be monitored regularly. Energy performance is currently reviewed every quarter, which has increased visibility of energy consumption so we can identify energy efficiency opportunities. The Committee also receives updates on climate policy changes and trends, especially climate-related financial disclosures. These are fed through to the leadership team to keep up to date on latest developments. In addition, the Committee receives updates on sustainability plans for property, to understand how the Ambition 2030 targets are being integrated into the planning process for new developments. Progress against the Ambition 2030 targets will continue to be reviewed regularly, with sustainability-related processes to be rolled out of across all business units through the new internal communication platform 'Beam'. Alternatives to fossil fuels - particularly biogas and biodiesel - are being analysed to help progression towards the net-zero ambitions. Low carbon cleantech and decarbonising projects have been commissioned, so that the cost of carbon and carbon emissions can be incorporated into the Group strategy. I look forward to reporting back next year on how we have progressed on our Ambition 2030 targets. Julie Baddeley Sustainability Committee Chairman 25 November 2022

Highlight [page 70]: udit and Risk Committee Report During the 15-month period, the Committee's principal focus has been to ensure the integrity of the Group's financial reporting and audit processes and to maintain sound internal control and risk management processes, by providing independent challenge and oversight. his report sets out the governance, roles and responsibilities of the Committee, with the key matters considered by the Committee since the last report to shareholders. ■ ■ ■ challenging the accounting policies and methodology, and the clarity of disclosure in the period end and interim reports; reviewing going concern; and recommending the period end and interim reports Boord for approval. Key matters considered in the 15-month period to the During the 15-month period, the key matters considered encompass the responsibilities as set out in the Terms of Reference, and in more detail below. Internal control Governance, roles and responsibilities Throughout the 15-month period, all members of the Committee continued to be Non-Executive Directors. Committee attendance record Justin Read (Chair from 1 October 2021) Philip Yea (Chair/Member until 30 September Jonathan Flint Alex Dorrian (Member from 1 October 2021) Julie Baddeley (Member until 30 September 2021) 2021) The Committee met six times during the 15-month period. Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer, Group Company Secretary, external audit partner, members of the Grant Thornton internal audit team, and other relevant people from the business also attended meetings upon invitation to assist the Committee in discharging its duties. The Committee Chair olso met separately with the external audit partner, the internal auditor and the Chief Financial Officer without others being present. 3/3 3/3 6/6 3/3 3/3 The Committee has unrestricted access to Company documents and information, along with employees of the Company, and the internal and external auditors. The Committee may take independent professional advice on any matters covered by its terms of reference at the Company's expense. The Committee Chair reports the outcome of Committee meetings at Board meetings. As set out in its terms of reference, the key responsibilities the Committee include: of ■ reviewing the effectiveness of the Group's internal controls; ■ reviewing the effectiveness management systems; of the Group's risk ■ overseeing the rolling cycle of deep dives into the identified principal risks; ■ ■ ■ ■ ■ reviewing whistleblowing arrangements; reviewing the effectiveness of the internal audit function; overseeing the Treasury Committee; recommending the appointment of the external auditor; reviewing the external and internal audit plan; ■ monitoring the integrity of the financial statements, including both the period end and interim reports; The key features of the Group's internal control systems to ensure the accuracy and reliability of financial reporting include clearly defined lines of accountability and delegation of authority, policies and procedures. The Boord has delegated responsibility for reviewing the effectiveness of the Group's systems of internal control to the Audit and Risk Committee. This covers all material controls including financial, operational and compliance controls. The Group's control environment is underpinned by matters reserved for the Board, operating Company terms of reference and delegated authorities, financial procedures, and health and safety, sustainability and ethics policies. The Group operates several programmes to improve the control environment and management of risk, including e-leorning modules on ethics, anti-bribery and corruption, and on external whistleblowing hotline. Financial controls ■ Board approved budgets for a three-year Group and operating companies. period for the ■ Monthly strategic and financial reports from the Chief Executive Officer and the Chief Financial Officer, with written commentary including key developments for each business stream. ■ ■ ■ Corporate governance framework for the Group and at operating Company level, which clearly defines responsibilities and delegated authority levels. Independent internal audit function. Board approval of acquisitions and disposals, significant tenders and long-term contracts. Operational controls ■ All Group operating companies have specific, written policies and procedures that cover material aspects of their operations. Compliance with these policies is subject to internal audit and review. Compliance controls ■ Health and safety, and environmental and sustainability policies in place at Group and operating Company level. ■ ■ ■ Group code of business ethics in place. Executive Ethics Committee in place to recommend and review policies and procedures to maintain high standards of ethics and integrity, corporate responsibility, anti-bribery and legal compliance. Detailed matrix across the Group to set out levels of authority.

Highlight [page 71]: The Committee and Board receive regular risk management reports; together, they ensure there are adequate internal controls in place and that these are functioning effectively. The Directors consider that the Group's system of internal financial control provides reasonable, but not absolute, assuronce in the following areas: that the assets of the Group are safeguarded; that transactions ore authorised and recorded in a correct and timely manner; and that such controls would prevent or detect, within a timely period, material errors or irregularities. The system is designed to mitigate and manage risk to an acceptable level, rather than eliminote it and to address key business and financial risks. Risk management framework The Group's risk management process is set out on pages 28 to 30. The Board has delegated responsibility for reviewing the effectiveness of the Group's risk management systems ta the Committee. Any matters of porticular concern are escalated for presentation to the Board. Principal risks rolling deep dive programme The Group's principol risks are set out on pages 31 to 35. The Committee receives and debates risk reports that outline the areas of focus of the Executive Risk Management Committee. The reports highlight key chonges in risks since the previous meeting, and which risks should undergo a deep dive. The programme of rolling deep dives to ensure each principal risk undergoes sufficient scrutiny has continued. Each deep dive is presented by the relevant risk owner and includes a review of actions taken and planned together with mitigations. The risks reviewed by the Committee and the Board during the period are set out on page 29. The Committee also, at each meeting, reviewed the progress on the replacement ERP system and the new HR system. Internal audit The Board maintains its ongoing commitment to operating an internal audit function to provide the Board with relevant, timely and independent assurance on the Group's activities. Recognising the benefits of access to a broad range of skills and experience, as well as a fully flexible resource, the Committee continues to outsource the function to Grant Thornton UK LLP. As the Group's internal auditors, Grant Thornton UK LLP have direct access to, and are responsible to, the Committee. Their work is risk focused, and the areas of audit focus are determined by the Committee based on a combination of risk registers and assessments, discussions held with senior management and requests received from the Committee, Group Chief Executive, Board members or other senior Executive Directors. During the period, the Committee approved the annual plan of internal audits ta be undertaken and received progress reports at each meeting. The progress reports summarised audit findings, management responses and ongoing internal audit activity within the Group. These reports were scrutinised and contributed to the Committee's view on the effectiveness of the Company's internal control and risk management framework. The internal auditors also attended the steering committee meetings for the implementation of the ERP system and provided an independent report to the Committee at each meeting. The Committee reviewed the flexibility of the internal audit plan to changing external factors and the effectiveness of remote audits. The Committee also met with executive management without the internal audit team present to ascertain that the function continued to provide value.

Highlight [page 72]: Audit and Risk Committee Report continued Internal control enhancement During the period, the committee's assurance processes identified the need to strengthen the internal control around the financial reporting environment of one of the Group's subsidiaries. Additional procedures were undertaken to ensure that the overall integrity of the financial statements was maintained. The committee tokes the robustness of internal controls extremely seriously and with management hove implemented o number of changes to enhance relevant controls. These include o strengthening of key personnel, o continued investment improving the new ERP system and on increase in monitoring by internal audit. Treasury committee The Boord hos adopted o treasury management policy, which sets out the policies and strotegies that the Group follows to manage its cash resources, minimise financial and operotionol risks, and establish and manage relationships with financial institutions. The Treasury Committee, which comprises the Chief Financial Officer, Group Company Secretory and Group Treasurer, met twice in the 15-month period and reported to the Committee on banking relationships, hedging contracts, foreign currency management ond covenant compliance. External auditor and audit plan The Committee hos received reports from the external auditor, BDO LLP, on five occasions. This included o review of the audit planning report, o number of updates on progress and o review of the final audit findings. The audit planning report sets out the strategy, scope and materiality, and the Committee was satisfied that the materiality chosen by BDO was appropriate. It also identified the key risks that the audit would focus on. The Committee also met on various occasions with the external auditor without the executive management being present. Review of the report and accounts, audit findings and significant accounting issues The Committee reviewed the report and accounts for the 15 months to 31 Morch 2022 to ensure that they were fair, balanced and understandable, and provided the information necessary for shareholders and other stakeholders to assess the Company's performance, strotegy and business model. To enhance its review, the Committee also considered reports from the Chief Financial Officer and the external auditor. In the preparation of the report and accounts, several areas required the exercise of management judgement or o degree of estimotion. The key judgement areas considered by the Committee in relation to the 15-month period, and how these were addressed, were: Long-term contract revenue recognition The judgements made in relation to the accounting for long-term controcts ore key to the revenue and profit recorded in each period. Material controcts and the related management assumptions and assessments used were reviewed by the Committee through regular Boord updates on contract performance, and, where required, key individuols from the business attend meetings to provide o deeper understanding. BDO also reported its audit findings on the key judgements used in moterial contracts. Exceptional costs The Committee considered the amounts included as exceptional income and costs in the period to ensure that the categorisation was appropriate by reference to their nature and relevant guidance. BDO also commented on this assessment providing a detailed report within its audit findings. Useful economic life of assets Significant development is anticipated in relation to Cambridge Airport and the committee reviewed the assumptions around the carrying value of assets held on this site. Whilst it is recognised that should the development proceed, the useful economic lives of these assets would be foreshortened, the nature of the milestones outstanding on the Cambridge East development meant that the original useful economic lives of these assets was judged to be still valid. The committee noted that this would need to be kept under review for future periods. Intangible asset impairment As o result of cost over-runs and implementation challenges the carrying value of the new ERP system was impaired during the period. The committee reviewed the judgement around the level of impairment, and its disclosure as o separately disclosed exceptional item, to ensure that these were appropriate. Marshall Motor Holdings ('MMH') During the period ended 31 March 2022, MMH was fully consolidated into the Group's financial statements due to the Group's controlling shoreholding. The Committee considers the key issues that arise in those financial statements as publicly reported. The key matters of judgment were ossumptions around impairment reviews of goodwill and franchise intangibles, acquisition accounting, supplier rebates and stock provisions. The Committee hos discussed with BDO the results of the MMH audit and was satisfied with the accounting judgments that hod been mode. Recommendation of the Report and Accounts for Board approval Following the relevant meeting, the Committee unanimously recommended the report and accounts to the Boord for approval. Justin Read Audit and Risk Committee Chairman

Highlight [page 73]: Statement of Directors' responsibilities in respect of the financial statements he directors ore responsible for preparing the Strategic Report, governance statements, Directors' Report and Financial Stotements in accordance with opplicoble low and requlotions. Company low requires the directors to prepare financial statements for each financial period. Under that low, the directors hove elected to prepare the financial statements in accordance with UK Generally Accepted Accounting Practice (UK Accounting Standards and applicable low), including FRS 102 "The Financial Reporting Standard applicable to the UK and Republic of Ireland". Under company low, the directors must not approve the financial statements unless they ore satisfied that they give a true and fair view of the state of affairs of the Group and Parent Company, and of the profit or loss of the Group for that period. In preparing those financial statements, the directors are required to: ■ select suitable accounting policies and then apply them consistently; ■ make judgements and prudent; and estimates that are reasonable state whether applicable UK Accounting Standards hove been followed, subject to any material departures disclosed and explained in the financial statements; and prepare the financial statements on the going concern basis unless it is inappropriate to presume that the Group and Parent Company will continue in business. ■ ■ The directors ore responsible for keeping proper accounting records that ore sufficient to show and explain the Group and Parent Company's transactions, and disclose with reasonable accuracy, at any time, the financial position of the Group cmrl Pment Company, and enable them to ensure that the financial statements comply with the Companies Act 2006. They ore also responsible for safeguarding the assets of the Group and Parent Company, and hence for toking reasonable steps far the prevention and detection of fraud and other irregularities. The directors ore responsible for the maintenance and integrity of the corporate and financial information included on the Group's websites. Legislation in the UK governing the preparation and dissemination of financial statements may differ from legislation in other jurisdictions. Directors' statement in respect of 'fair, balanced and understandable' assessment The Directors consider that the Report and Accounts, taken as a whole, is fair, balanced and understandable, and provides the information necessary for shareholders to assess the Company's position and performance, business model and strategy. In this context, the co-ordination and review of the groupwide input into the Report and Accounts is a vital port of the control process upon which the Directors rely, and is an exercise that spans a period wider than the timetable for compiling the Report and Accounts itself. Critically, these processes include the controls the business operates throughout the period to identify key financial and operational issues.

Highlight [page 74]: Directors' report A revaluation surplus of £0.2m (2020: £0.1m) hos been taken Marshall of Cambridge (Holdings) Limited Registered to the income statement and non-distributable reserves. Number: 2051460 Tangible fixed assets' details and movements can be found in note 13 to the financial statements. The Directors present their annual report, together with the audited financial statements, for the 15-month period Social Policy ended 31 March 2022. The prior year period was for the The Group takes its responsibilities to its employees, customers, suppliers and shareholders seriously, as well 12 months ending 31 December 2020. as its wider social responsibilities to the environment and The principal activity of the Company continues to be a to the communities in which it operates. The Group has a holding Company for its subsidiaries as well as financing the policy of not making donations to political groups, parties or individuals, but has a positive policy of supporting, Group's activities. selectively, charities and organisations which benefit esults and dividends either the communities in which the Group operates or The Group recorded o profit ofter tox the industries in which the Group works. and minority interests for the period of Charitable donations £46,789,000 (2020: £18,472,000). The Group made charitable donations of On the 17 December 2021, the Boord paid £152,000 (2020: £154,000) during the period. a priority dividend of 2.0p per share on Political contributions the non-voting priority Ordinary ('NVPO') There were no political donations in either period. shares, together with an interim dividend of 1.0p per share for both Ordinary and NVPO shareholders. A further interim Health and safety dividend of 1.0p per share for both Ordinary and NVPO The Board remains committed to the effective management shareholders was paid on 8 July 2022. The Directors have and monitoring of health and safety and to providing a safe not recommended a final dividend for the period ended working environment for all employees and partners and to 31 March 2022. keeping members of the public free from harm. Preference dividends on the A and B preference shares Employees amounting to £744,000 were paid in the period. The Group recognises the importance of engaging employees to help us understand their views and for Following the sale of its shareholding in Marshall Motor our employees to understand the Group's strategy and Holdings after the period end, a Special Ordinary dividend long-term objectives. Further details on how the Group of 76.0p per share was paid on 7 October 2022 to bath engages with employees can be found in the stakeholder Ordinary and NVPO shareholders (2020: £nil). See note 31 to engagement section of the Strategic Report on pages the financial statements. 37 to 38. Future developments and risk management The Board is committed to ensuring there is a positive The Group Strategic Report gives further details on working environment and the Company offers a range of future developments and the Group's risk management options and benefits to enhance our employees' lives. All framework, as set out on pages 8 to 47. employees are enrolled into our pension and life assurance Risk management schemes. Further details on the Group's risk management framework The Group gives full consideration to applications for and its principal strategic risks can be found in the risk employment from disabled persons where the candidate's management and principal risks and uncertainties sections particular aptitudes and abilities are consistent with of the Strategic Report on pages 28 to 35. adequately meeting the requirements of the job. Research and development Opportunities are available to disabled employees for training, career development and promotion. Where existing The Group continues to be committed to research and employees become disabled, it is the Group's policy to development, focusing future investment on all stages of provide continuing employment wherever practicable in the research and development (R&D). The FutureworX unit has same or an alternative position and to provide appropriate been launched to meet the demand from customers for training to achieve this aim. innovative solutions (see note 3 to the financial statements). The total amount of research and development for the Directors period was £2.Sm (2020: £1.6m). The following served as Directors of the Company during the period ended 31 March 2022 and up to the date of signing, Fixed assets except as indicated: The Group invested £58.4m (2020: £40.0m) in Jonathan Flint (appointed Non-Executive Chair new fixed assets and investments and a further 30 June 2022), Alex Dorrian (resigned 20 September 2022), £54.4m (2020: £3.0m) in the acquisition of new businesses. Julie Baddeley, James Buxton, Sean Cummins, Charlie The Group's existing freehold investment properties were Marshall (resigned 18 February 2022), Philip Yea (resigned revalued by the Directors as at 31 March 2022, resulting in 30 September 2021), Justin Read (appointed 1 October a valuation at the period end date of £5.5m (2020: £7.3m).

Highlight [page 75]: 2021), Doug Baxter (appointed 17 February 2022) and Roger Hardy (appointed 1 August 2022). In accordance with the Articles of Association of the Company, Justin Read, Doug Baxter and Roger Hardy retire on first appointment and, being eligible, offer themselves for re-appointment as Directors at the forthcoming Annual General Meeting. Jonathon Flint will retire by rotation, ond, being eligible, offers himself for re-appointment also. The interests of the Directors, who were Directors of the Company at the dote of the approval of the financial statements, in the shores of the Company at 1 January 2021 and 31 Morch 2022 were: Julie Baddeley Ordinary Shores of 12.5p each NVPO Shares of 12.5p each 16,000 8% preference A shores of £1 each 10% preference B shores of £1 each Directors' indemnities In accordance with our Articles of Association and to the extent permitted by low, directors ore granted on indemnity from the company in respect of liability incurred as a result of their office. In addition, the Group maintained a directors' and officers' liability insurance policy throughout the period. Neither the indemnity nor the insurance provides cover in the event that a director is proven to hove acted dishonestly or fraudulently. S172 Companies Act 2006 and stakeholder engagement The Board's application of s172 of the Companies Act 2006 and the principal decisions mode during the period ore set out on page 36. Further details on how the Group engages with customers, suppliers, shareholders and communities can be found in the stakeholder engagement section of the Strategic report on pages 39 to 47. Sustainability and Streamlined Energy and Carbon Report ('SECR') The Group is committed to its Ambition 2030 sustainability strategy. Further details can be found in the sustainability section of the Strategic report on pages 37-38. The Streamlined Energy and Carbon Report itself is presented on page 45-46. Corporate governance The Group's corporate governance framework and its application of s172 of the Companies Act 2006 is set out on pages 54 to 61. Board engagement The Board's engagement with stakeholders and the principal decisions mode during the period ore set out on pages 36 to 38. Going concern The Group's business activities, together with the factors likely to affect its future development, performance and position ore described within the Group Strategic Report on pages 8 to 47. Included within this, the financial position of the Group, its cash flows, liquidity position and borrowing facilities ore described in the Financial Review on pages 26 and 27, whilst the principal risks and uncertainties facing the Group ore set out in the Group Strategic Report and specifically on pages 31 to 35. At 31 Morch 2022, the Group reported net current liabilities of £26.0m (2020: £27.4m). This was substantially improved ofter the period end with the receipt of proceeds from the MMH disposal. As a result, the Core Group's net debt position hos been extinguished and at the end of October 2022 the net cash position was approximately £147m. As port of their assessment, the Directors hove performed a stress test to understand what would need to happen for the business to fully utilise its available funds. Hoving assessed the results of this onolysis, the Directors hove a reosonoble expectation that the Group hos adequate resources to continue in operation for at least 12 months from the dote of approval of the financial statements. For these reasons, the Directors continue to adopt a going concern basis for the preparation of the financial statements. Accordingly, these financial statements do not include any adjustments to the carrying amount or classification of assets and liabilities that would result if the Group were unable to continue as a going concern. Disclosure of information to the auditor So for as each person who was a director at the dote of approving this report is aware, there is no relevant audit information, being information needed by the auditor in connection with preparing its report, of which the auditor is unaware. Hoving mode enquiries of fellow directors and the Group's auditor, each director hos token all the steps that he/she is obliged to toke as a director in order to make himself/herself aware of any relevant audit information and to establish that the auditor is aware of that information. This confirmation is given and should be interpreted in accordance with the provisions of S418 of the Companies Act 2006. Post balance sheet events The financial statements toke into consideration events occurring between the period end dote and the dote of approval by the Boord of Directors on 25 November 2022. Note 31 to the financial statements provides details of non-adjusting post balance sheet events.