
Highlight [page 5]: Corporate ~overnance Statement The Directors have set out below an explanation of how the Wates Principles have been applied during the 2021 yea~

Highlight [page 6]: Principle 1 - Purpose and Leadership Purpose The purpose of the Company is to protect and promote possibility for the benefit of clients, colleagues and the community. The Company forms part of the MMC Group, a global professional services provider specialising in the areas of risk, strategy and people. These services are delivered through four businesses, namely Marsh, Mercer, Guy Carpenter and Oliver Wyman. Marsh Limited is part of the Marsh & Guy Carpenter businesses which provide risk management, insurance broking services and reinsurance broking services to clients. It is a global leader in insurance broking and risk management. The business aims to help clients understand and manage risks, provides advice on emerging risks and helps ensure c.lients have the resilience to withstand the unexpected. Work includes interaction with clients of all sizes and in all industries. Services provided include risk management, risk c0nsulting, insurance broking, alternative risk financing and insurance programme management services. Whilst pursuing its principal activities the Company also generates value for its shareholders and ensures the sou.nd and prudent management of the firm, with due regard for the interests of the Company's other stakeholders, including clients, employees, suppliers and the wider community. • Values and Culture The Greater Good, which is the Group's Code of Conduct, applies to all Directors and employees of the Company and it embodies the Group's commitment to maintaining the highest level of ethical conduct and professional standards. These non-negotiable standards are outlined in the Greater Good, which emphasises the importance of building trust with colleagues, clients and the wider community. The Board and the Executive Team are committed to ensuring that the Company makes a positive difference for its clients, its employees, its communities and society at large. During the year, the Company worked with an external provider to deliver a programme designed to drive an inclusive culture across a diverse workforce. This included an all employee survey on culture, training on diversity and inclusion delivered to over one thousand managers and the setting of diversity and inclusion and culture metrics goals. The Company's Conduct Risk Dashboard was enhanced to include these metrics, which were reviewed and challenged by the Risk Committee and Board throughout the year. The Company also enhanced its Speaking Up report, to provide support and assurance to the Audit Committee, which is responsible for making sure that there is proportionate and independent investigation of issues raised by colleagues or other parties that may indicate actual or potential improprieties. The report included information on whistleblowing, disciplinary and grievance events, along with trends and regulatory developments. • The Company's Conduct and Culture working group continued to meet monthly to ensure that Culture and Conduct remained central to the Company's strategy for growth.

Highlight [page 7]: Principle 1 -Purpose and Leadership (continued) Strategy The impact of the global Covid-19 pandemic and the hybrid working environment continued to present challenges to the business in the 2021 financial year, offset by the benefit of the hard insurance market. The Board retained its focus on ensuring the safety and wellbeing of colleagues, the operational stability and growth of the business and on the delivery of support and services to its clients. The Company remains committed to integrating Environmental, Social and Governance (ESG) considerations into its decisions and strategy, and building a more sustainable environment for everyone. The MMC Group delivered on its pledge to be carbon neutral in 2021, through the reduction of greenhouse gas emissions in its own operations and the purchase of verifiable offsets. The Group also strengthened its commitment to a better, sustainable future for all by implementing enterprise-wide Client Engagement Principles that support sustainable development goals in vital areas such as affordable healthcare, gender equality and climate-change mitigation. In addition, the commitment to change was demonstrated through membership of ClimateWise, becoming a signatory to the Race At Work charter and being an ambassador for the Race: Action Through Change organisation. Partnerships with social enterprises committed to delivering lasting change in the insurance industry have also been expanded, including a multi-year relationship with the Insurance Cultural Awareness Network. Our colleagues remain our priority and we have launched a new UK Colleague Guide which seeks to align and simplify language on all colleague related policies. These have been enhanced in a number of areas, further enabling colleague well-being and supporting a healthy balance between work and home life. Providing a sustainable platform for change into the future has been a particular focus and we have been successful in ensuring that our early careers joiners - graduates, apprentices and interns - are gender, ethnically and racially diverse. During 2021, the Digital team in the UK and Ireland focussed on the enhancement of clients' digital experience, piloting a number of applications which enable clients to access and interact with their own data. In addition, there have been a number of product launches through digital distribution channels and a roadmap has also been developed for the digital placement of risks. The Board provided oversight and counsel to the Chief Executive Officer in the embedding of cultural initiatives and in the evolution of business strategy to align with evolving demand and growth pathways. The Board has considered the Company's plans for long lasting improvements for its business, people and clients, endorsing its purpose and promoting the Company's success in the long term. In addition, the Board provided oversight and challenge in respect of the development of the culture of the organisation.

Highlight [page 8]: Principle 2 - Composition Chair The roles and responsibilities of Chair and Chief Executive Officer of the Company are separate and documented in role profiles and Statements of Responsibility, which, as the Company is regulated by the Financial Conduct Authority, comply with the requirements of the Senior Managers & Certification Regime. These ensure that there is a balance of responsibilities, accountabilities and decision-making across the Company. The directors have equal voting rights, except the Chair, who has the casting vote. All directors have access to the advice and services of the Company Secretary and may, if they wish, take professional advice at the Company's expense. During 2021, the Board established a skills matrix, which is a key tool in the Board recruitment process, to ensure its composition contains the appropriate mix of skills, background, diversity and independence. This served to identify actions or changes required to ensure that Board composition remains suitable to meet the requirements of the Company in the future and to maintain focus on succession planning. Non-Executive Directors The skills matrix was used in the search and appointment process for the appointment of two new independent Non-Executive Directors and a new Executive Director. The Board's Nominations Committee, which is responsible for overseeing the recruitment process for new Directors, engaged an external agency to assist in sourcing a diverse selection of candidates, with a range of different backgrounds, skills and experience relevant to the needs of the Company, for consideration. Balance and Diversity & Size and Structure The Board is currently comprised of 14 directors, which include an independent Non-Executive Chair, three other independent Non-Executive directors, the Chief Executive Officer, the Chief Financial Officer and Executives representing key areas of the business. Board members have a range of skills, expertise and experience in, amongst other things, the fields of insurance and reinsurance broking, accountancy, operations and commercial management. Of the Board of 14, four directors are female. The duties of the Board are executed partially through its Committees. The Non-Executive Directors and Chair are members of the relevant committees so that they are able to challenge and influence a range of areas • across the Company, including Remuneration, Audit, Compliance, Risk and Board and Executive appointments. Effectiveness The Board and its committees undertook an effectiveness review at the beginning of 2021 which was conducted by way of questionnaires. Feedback from the effectiveness reviews was shared with the Board/Committee members respectively and action plans agreed to deal with the matters raised, which include the search for additional Non-Executive Directors and enhancements to Board reporting.

Highlight [page 9]: Principle 3 - Director Responsibilities Accountability The Board has an established governance framework, including clearly documented terms of reference for the Board and Board Committees. The governance framework sets out the interrelation between its purpose, culture and values, its reporting and escalation structures and their alignment with legal, regulatory and statutory duties; and its risk management framework. The core elements are the legal and regulatory flow of accountability and decision making and the Company's frameworks, polices and standards and the checks and balances through the operation of the Company's second and third lines of defence which ensure effective Board oversight. The Board operates a programme of five scheduled meetings a year, with ad hoc meetings held as and when required. In 2021, the Board met a total of 9 times and, in addition to its usual areas of focus, key discussion areas concerned matters relating to: Cyber risks, Digital _Transformation, the impact of the global Covid-19 pandemic, Brexit and the culture of the Organisation. The Board has reserved certain principal matters for its own approval, and has delegated the day to day management of the Company to the Chief Executive Officer. The Chief Executive Officer is supported by the Marsh Executive Team, which was comprised of the leaders of the main business areas and the Chief Financial Officer, the Chief Client Officer, the Chief Operating Officer, the Director of Risk and Governance and the Head of Legal and Chief People Officer. The Chief Executive Officer and Executive Team members' roles and responsibilities are clearly documented. The Executive Team meets generally on a weekly basis, with longer sessions on a monthly basis. There is also at least one all-day session held once a year. In accordance with regulatory requirements applicable to the Company, all Directors, members of the Marsh Executive Team and the most senior managers within the Company's businesses and functional support departments have clearly documented statements of responsibility for the matters under their remit. These statements of responsibility are collated into a "responsibility map" which is reviewed by the Board on at least an annual basis, and which provides the Board with a clear view of individual responsibilities and accountabilities across the firm. Committees The Board has delegated certain governance responsibilities to its Audit, Risk, Remuneration and Nominations Committees, each of which has clearly documented terms of reference. The membership of these Committees includes Non-Executive Directors who provide independent challenge to support effective decision making. The Board and its Committees regularly review their respective terms of. reference to ensure that they remain fit for purpose, are adapted to promote good governance and meet the requirements of the Company as they evolve. The Audit Committee is responsible for monitoring the effectiveness of Group's internal financial control systems that identify, assess, manage and monitor financial risks and non financial internal controls. It also reviews the annual financial statements of the Company. The current Audit Committee membership includes four independent Non-Executive Directors. The Audit Committee receives quarterly reports from the Finance Function, Compliance Function and MMC Internal Audit on control related findings and it monitors Executive Management's responses to these to ensure recommendations for remediation are implemented. The Committee is also responsible for overseeing the effectiveness and independence of the Internal Audit and Compliance functions and the External Auditor. The External Auditor, the Regional Controller, the Director of Risk and Governance, the Head of Compliance Monitoring and members of the Internal Audit Team are attendees at Audit Committee meetings and have unfettered access to meet with the Audit Committee Chair outside of the formal meeting programme throughout the year. •

Highlight [page 10]: Integrity of Information The Board receives regular reports on business and financial performance, key risks and opportunities, strategy, operational matters, market conditions, human resources, legal, compliance, and regulatory matters. Key financial information is collated by the Group's centralised finance function from its various accounting systems. The Group's finance function has the appropriate independence, expertise and qualifications to ensure the integrity of this information and is provided with the necessary training to keep up to date with accounting and regulatory changes. Financial information is audited by Deloitte LLP, the Company's External Auditor on an annual basis. Other key information is prepared by the relevant business and internal functions, which are also subject to periodic revi_ewsby the internal audit function and the Group·s 'process and controls team' who test controls regularly. • Principle 4 - Opportunity and Risk Opportunity The Board considers the Company's annual strategic plan, which includes consideration of long term strategic opportunities. Other, shorter term opportunities to improve business performance and achieve operational efficiencies are considered by the Board on an ad hoc basis. Risk The Risk Committee assists the Board in fulfilling its responsibility for determining the Company's risk appetite and for ensuring that sound risk management and operational controls are maintained. The Risk Committee met four times in 2021 and its current membership includes four Non-Executive Directors. Each meeting is attended by the Director of Risk and Governance and the Chief Executive Officer, who report to the Committee on the material risks facing the Group, which include operational, financial, regulatory and strategic risks. Executives and other Senior Managers attend the Risk Committee meetings during the year to report on significant risk issues and actions being taken to mitigate them, as required. The Risk Committee keeps under review, amongst other things, the Company's top risks including its strategic risks, the risk management performance of key business areas including conduct risks, as well as an oversight of the effectiveness of the Company's risk management framework and operational controls. It reports upon these to the Board regularly and escalates significant risks to the Board on an ad hoc basis. On an annual basis (or more frequently if required), following review by and upon the recommendation of the Risk Committee the Board approves the Company's Threshold Condition 2.4 regulatory requirement, Risk Management Policy and risk appetite statement. During 2021, the Risk Function completed Phase 1 of an enhanced Risk and Controls Universe. This is a key component of the Enterprise Risk Management (ERM) Framework, seeking to assure clear delineation between First Line 'risk and control ownership' and Second Line 'oversight and review'. Phase 2 of the programme 'control ownership and control assessment methodology' will be completed in the latter part of 2022.

Highlight [page 11]: Principle 5 - Remuneration Policies In accordance with regulatory requirements, the Company has in place a formal documented Remuneration Policy, which is reviewed by the Remuneration Committee periodically. The Remuneration Committee is chaired by the Chair of the Board and is responsible for ensuring that the Remuneration Policy and compensation practices of the Company are consistent with and promote sound and effective risk management, encourage fair treatment of clients, include measures to avoid conflicts of interest are in line with business strategy, objectives, values, culture, and the long term interests of the Company. In carrying out its responsibilities, the Committee considers: a) the success and appropriateness of the risk and reward mechanisms available to the business to align the success of individual colleagues with the success of the business in a risk adjusted context; b) benchmarks, at a market level, against the stated employee value propositions referencing both remuneration and benefits strategies; and c) the extent to which remuneration structures support the business and development plans and succession planning needs. The remuneration packages of all executive directors, members of the Executive Team, and all other colleagues falling within the top 50 based upon remuneration, (including base salary, bonuses, performance-related payments, discretionary payments, long-term incentive awards, share options and pension contributions) are reviewed and approved by the Remuneration Committee in order to ensure that executive performance is remunerated based on a balanced set of measures including financial performance as well as customer and conduct measures. As part of the Company's annual compensation process, the Committee reviews and challenges management on total remuneration and performance data for all colleagues with a view to ensuring that remuneration proposals for the workforce as a whole are balanced, proportionate and aligned with the Company's commitment to building a diverse and inclusive workforce. The Company produces a Gender Pay Gap Report on an annual basis, which is carefully scrutinised and discussed· by the Board. The Company is committed to continue improving the Company's Gender Pay Gap. For further details in this regard, please refer to the Company's latest Gender Pay Gap Report which can be found at https://www.marsh.com/uk/abouUabout-marsh/diversity-and-inclusion-marsh/insights/uk-gender-pay-gap.html

Highlight [page 12]: Principle 6 - Stakeholder Relationships and Engagement The purpose of the Company is to protect and promote possibility for the benefit of clients, colleagues and the community. Shareholder As a wholly owned subsidiary, the Board duly considers the views of its ultimate shareholder, Marsh & McLennan Companies, Inc., and the interests of the Group as a whole as part of any major decisions and transactions undertaken by the Company. Distributions to the Company's shareholder are only considered after a full assessment of capital adequacy and the Company's ability to continue as a going concern into the foreseeable future and to ensure investment in the future growth of the Company, balanced with stable and sustainable returns to the shareholder. Further information on dividends is set out in the Notes to the Financial Statements on page 41 and in Note 11. The Chair of the Board and the Executive Directors provide the primary channel of communication between the Company, its shareholder and the wider Group. Clients The Company has in place an annual client engagement programme, which is tailored for different client segments. The Chief Executive Officer, members of the Executive Team and other senior managers in the business meet regularly to review the feedback. They also undertake reviews with clients to ensure that client needs are being met and, where appropriate, to refine and enhance service delivery. In 2021 the UK Client Council continued to help facilitate discussion between 25 of our largest clients with the purpose of driving change by challenging market dynamics and advancing the relevance of risk and insurance in the current landscape. The Council is also consulted as Marsh develops new processes, products and solutions, allowing the clients to shape those innovations to meet their risk, insurance and service needs. In 2021 we continued with our programme of Independent Stewardship Reviews with clients to monitor trends in our service delivery to help address any concerns and adapt service delivery across the portfolio to respond to any trends in client feedback. The Company is committed to ensuring all customers are treated fairly and that client interest is considered as part of decision making at every level within the Company including decisions to launch any new product or service. The Risk Committee monitors key conduct risk indicators such as completion of employee induction and training, error and omissions and complaints data and trends, actions and time taken to address areas of concern to ensure positive client outcomes. The Board also receives reporting on conduct risks and escalations from the Risk Committee on any areas of particular concern.

Highlight [page 13]: Principle 6 - Stakeholder Relationships and Engagement (continued) Colleagues As a professional services firm, colleagues are at the heart of the Company's business and, throughout 2021, the health, wellbeing and safety of colleagues has continued to be a key priority for the Board. In July 2021, the Company, in line with Government advice, welcomed back colleagues to its offices on a phased approach and in accordance with strict safety measures to ensure the safety and well-being of all colleagues. The Directors recognise that the Covid-19 pandemic has had a significant impact, not only on colleagues' work environment but also on a personal level. The Chief Executive Officer and the Marsh Executive Team increased engagement with colleagues through regular virtual Town Hall meetings and ensured the provision of mental health support. This has continued as offices have gradually re-opened. Regular colleague engagement surveys are c_onductedand results are carefully scrutinised by the Board to identify and implement actions for improvement. The Board monitors attrition rates and measures absenteeism levels in an effort to identify emerging people risks and trends and to ensure appropriate action is taken to address these. Emerging people risks and trends are highlighted to the Board together with proposed action plans. The Company is committed to reinforcing a wholly inclusive culture across a truly diverse workforce. One aspect of this is demonstrated through our commitment to the Women in Finance Charter to increase the number of females in senior grades to 25% by the end of 2023. We have seen an increase in our senior female representation during 2021, resulting in 23.3% of our senior management population now being female. This shows significant progress towards our 2023 target. Our 2021 Women in Finance Charter is published https://www.marsh.com/uk/about/about-marsh/women-in-finance.html. annually and can be found at We have established a number of Colleague Resource Groups to help the Company better understand and support a wide range of inclusive constituents of our workforce. These groups include, AccessABILITIES, Balance, Mental Health, Military, Multi-Cultural, Pride and Young Professionals groups. Community The Company, and the Group as a whole, recognises that in a world facing increasing risk and uncertainty, supporting our communities is more important than ever before. To this end, the Group has established a committee, comprised of representatives from across its businesses in the UK, including a representative of the Company, to focus on our Social Impact efforts in the UK. Given the Group's expertise in risk, strategy and people, our social impact efforts are focused on 'building resilient communities through mentoring and disaster response & rebuilding.' By aligning its Social Impact programmes with the business priorities and experience, the Group is able to demonstrate its commitment to its communities in the UK while also supporting the business. The Group partners with select strategic global non-profit organisations including; the Cherie Blair Foundation for Women, Junior Achievement, Missing Maps and the British Red Cross in the UK. The Group also encourages colleagues to volunteer with its non-profit partners supporting local causes that are important to them and their clients. Following a successful partnership with the British Red Cross, the new charity partner is Ambitious About Autism. The Group has developed climate initiatives which represent a tangible step towards building a more sustainable environment for colleagues, clients, shareholders and future generations. More information on the initiatives may be found in the Streamline Energy and Carbon Report on pages 17 to 22.

Highlight [page 14]: Principle 6 - Stakeholder Relationships and Engagement (continued) Suppliers The Company's business with suppliers is managed through the MMC Group's Global Sourcing and Procurement department. The relationships with suppliers are governed either by a specific contractual agreement or a standard terms and conditions agreement with the supplier, both of which oblige all suppliers to uphold and comply with the MMC Group corporate code of conduct: 'The Greater Good'. The Greater Good outlines the key tenets of our anti-fraud, anti-slavery, bribery and corruption policy, diversity and inclusion practices, hiring practices, and more. Suppliers and supplier personnel are required to comply with the relevant provisions of such as part of our contractual agreements. The Group actively seeks to encourage and assist diverse suppliers interested in competing for opportunities to supply goods and services and encourages all of our suppliers to take similar action. We recognize that by partnering with diverse suppliers, we can create mor~ value for our clients, and the communities we serve. As a commitment to delivering value and leadership through diversity, the MMC Group is doing the following: Utilising purchasing strategies, processes, and behaviours consistent with diversity and inclusiveness; Actively and routinely seeking out qualified, diverse suppliers that can provide competitive and high quality goods and services; Encouraging participation and support of supplier diversity by major suppliers to the MMC Group; Collaborating with our clients and suppliers on innovative ways to promote supplier diversity; Creating opportunities to assist in the development and recognition of diverse supplier groups through instruction, mentoring, and other outreach activities; and Monitoring progress on the effectiveness of our supplier diversity efforts. The Company is committed to ensuring that slavery and human trafficking is not taking place in any of the Company's supply chains or any part of its business and has in place a Modern Slavery Policy which has been rolled out to all colleagues and incorporated into the Company's induction programme. All suppliers are required to comply with modern slavery legislation under the standard terms and conditions of our contracting agreements; the Group's Global Sourcing and Procurement team issue an annual modern slavery supplier questionnaire to certain suppliers (selected on a risk based approach) to monitor compliance. The Board is updated on response rates and the outcome of questionnaires on an annual basis. The Company's Modern Slavery Statement is published annually and can be found at https://www.marsh.com/uk/modern-slavery-statement.html. The Company reports on its supplier payment practices on a bi-annual basis, and results are monitored by the Marsh Audit Committee at its quarterly meetings. The Company's latest results can be found at https://check-payment-practices.service .gov.uk/report/54369.