
Highlight [page 18]: Statement of corporate governance arrangements In June 2018 the Government introduced secondary legislation that requires all companies that meet specified size requirements to provide a corporate governance statement. Corporate governance refers to the way that the Group is governed as well as the interaction between its .managerial bodies, its shareholders and other stakeholders. The purpose is to adopt appropriate rules and procedures to support and improve the internal controls systems. The Group has always maintained strong governance procedures and welcomes the opportunity to make a formal disclosure. The Group applies the Wates Corporate Governance Principles for large private companies. They provide a framework for the Group to demonstrate how the Board makes decisions for the long-term success of its stakeholders together with a disclosure as to how they ensure compliance with the requirements of Section 172 of the Companies Act 2016. Principle 1 ---Purpose and leadership Mclaren was founded by Bruce McLaren and his ethos still permeates the organisation today. Bruce worked his way up through club races in and around his native Auckland, New Zealand, and won his first grand prix at just 22. The youngest-ever winner at the time, he had the mind of an engineer and formed a racing team in 1963 to build his own cars. Years later, we have won 20 Formula 1 World Championships and established our luxury road car division where his spirit continues to inspire every car that we build today. Thriving in the summit of the luxury automotive and motorsport world has bred a spirit of dedication. Our people maintain that commitment, courage and creativity throughout the business in the unremitting search for excellence. McLaren exists to continually push the boundaries, and it is this philosophy that has driven the company to its current position as one of the world's most illustrious luxury automotive, motorsports and technology brands. In Formula 1, if you're not innovating you're going backwards, and McLaren's leadership is constantly thinking of ways to improve performance for all our stakeholders. We do everything for a reason; before we embark on any activity, we must know why we are doing it and then be able to measure its impact and evaluate its success. If we can't measure something, we don't know if we have improved. We do not compromise. The Group is committed to investing in its people and charities, including Woking & Sam Beare Hospices, White Lodge Centre, and Children With Special Needs Foundation as detailed on the McLaren Group website. We support the communities we are proud to be part of and aim to make a positive contribution to improving people's life chances, especially those of young people. We understand the importance and benefit of having a broad range of skills, experiences, perspectives and backgrounds in our teams and that is why we continuously strive to attract, en!=)a!=)eand retain a diverse range of talented people across our companies. Our purpose is communicated to the people through the intranet, weekly updates and regular Town Hall-style briefings led by the CEOs and Executive Directors. To sustain our high level of engagement we regularly conduct surveys to understand employee insights to better appreciate what our people value most about working at McLaren. We also__o.ff.er.a. range of development opportunities, including formal programmes, mentoring, coaching and e-learning that enable us to identify and develop the skills and knowledge we need to succeed now and in the future.

Highlight [page 19]: Principle 2 - Board composition The Group has a two-tier management structure where powers and responsibilities are distributed between the Group Board of Directors and the Executive Management. The Board includes an Executive Chairman whose role is to maintain a strong link between the Group Board of Directors and the Executive Management and ensure that responsibilities, accountabilities and decision making across the Group are sustained. The Board of McLaren Holdings Limited reflects the interest and ambitions of our stakeholders and introduces perspectives originating in businesses outside those in which the Group operates. The Board of Directors supervise the work of the Executive Management and is responsible for the overall management and strategic direction while the Executive Management handles the day-to-day man~gement. We believe that the size and composition is appropriate to the Group's large yet focused business. Each of our operating entities has a Chief Executive Officer with skills that complement that company's activities. They come together at regular intervals to ensure that our values, approach and decision making across the Group is consistent and sustained. A biography for the Group Board of Directors can be found on the Group's website: www.mclaren.com/group/abouUpeople. The Group believe that the size and composition of the Boards with their breadth of experience is appropriate to our business. The Remunerations and Nominations Committee has a planned Board Effectiveness review as part of their remit. Principle 3 - Director responsibilities The Board has always maintained strong levels of corporate governance in the form of regular Board meetings of McLaren Holdings Limited where the board actively engages with the process. As noted above each operating company has an Executive who makes key decisions with the advice of his management team and advisors using his specific industry experience. The roles of the directors are clearly established, and each has a clear understanding of his accountability and responsibilities. The Group Board has a formalised programme of meetings that is established at the start of each year and allows for time with each Executive and his team to understand the decisions made and devote the necessary time to strategic planning. The Directors are subject to a formal Dealing Policy that ensures that they do not abuse, and do not place themselves under suspicion of abusing, inside information. The Company Secretary is responsible for ensuring that annually the Directors disclose that they do not have any conflicts of interest. The successful delivery of the long-term plans relies on key inputs and positive relationships with a wide range of stakeholders and so the Board approves an updated five year strategic plan on an annual basis. The Board then receives monthly data on the main business activities for each of the Group Companies in respect of financial matters, risks and opportunities, operational matters and sustainability. During the period of covid the Board has intensified its focus on cash management and has regularly reviewed the Group's cash flows, and the financial resilience of the Group. The information is collated by the Group's finance team who are recruited with the skills and expertise to safeguard the quality of the data produced. The Group have operated an internal audit function since the start of 2021, reporting to the Audit and Risk Committee. The Audit team have a defined annual programme of work and report against this to the Committee on a quarterly basis. In the event that they became aware of a specific matter the Internal Auditor has direct access to the Committee Chair .. To support good governance the Audit Committee regularly reviews the relationship with the external auditors.

Highlight [page 20]: Principle 4 - Opportunity and risk The Executive Management (as delegated by the Board) has responsibility for maintaining sufficient and effective internal controls and risk management systems in reiation to financial reporting is secured by Executive management. The Group has systems and controls in place that manage, rather than eliminate, the risk of failure to achieve its annual plan. The Committee has endorsed a formal process for the collection and mitigation of risks which promotes a consistent risk register across all businesses to assess commonality in risks and trends. The output provides reasonable but not an absolute assurance against a risk materialising.The Committee has a stated desire to enhance the risk management framework as the results are collected and consolidated. Once the risks are analysed based on likelihood and impact of occurrence they are debated by senior management and the intention is to deep dive into the key and recurring items. Similarly, data collection will allow presentations to the committee that will focus on the changes to those measures over time. Once considered by the Executive the risk register is presented to the Group Audit and Risk Committee and the Group Board. Any points raised by the Board will be discussed in the subsequent Committee meeting. The risk management process is broken into six key stages. This process complements the various risk - management processes around the Group and aims to ensure that McLaren effectively identifies, manages and reports on risk across the organisation. All McLaren employees have a responsibility for the management of risk. The Group promotes a culture of risk awareness and as such all employees should have the ability to identify key risks. The risks themselves remain the responsibility of the relevant process owner. The McLaren processes focusses on net risk. The six steps to determine this measure and related actions are as follows: -1. Risk identification: To gain a full understanding of any risk that McLaren faces which might create, prevent, accelerate or delay the Group's achievements, 2. Current control identification: To establish whether our existing controls environment adequately mitigates the risk, 3. Prioritising risks: To rank rlsks in order of their potential impact and likelihood of occurring, 4. Risk response planning: proactive management of those risks which are at an unacceptably high level and which require additional treatment, 5. Risk reporting: To inform decisions and ensure that McLaren's risk profile is adequately managed, 6. Monitor and review: - To ensure that the planned risk response actions are put into place and continue to be effective. The UK review of the Corporate Governance Principles for Large Private Companies recommended a focus on opportunities as well as risks, and transformation opportunities are now incorporated into the Committee meetings. These include detailed analysis bf the key operating activities and cost rationalisation. The Group has an Audit and Risk Committee comprised of three Non-Executive Directors to ensure that the interest of the shareholders is properly protected in relation to financial reporting and internal control. . The Committee has clearly defined terms of reference. Specific responsibilities include reviewing and recommending for app-rovalthe annual financialstatern·erits, reviewing.the Group's accountin·g policies, the performance of the internal audit function and reviewing the effectiveness of internal controls and risk.

Highlight [page 21]: PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP were re-appointed as the Groups' external auditors in 2020. The Board assesses the effectiveness of their performance every year after completion of the annual audit. Principle 5 - Remuneration The Remuneration and Nominations Committee's primary objective is to establish that remuneration is established in such a way that the Group secures and retains quality senior management who can deliver the Group's strategy in a manner consistent with both its purpose and the interests of its shareholders. The Committee has clearly defined terms of reference and is responsible for making recommendations to the Board concerning the Group's remuneration strategy and recruitment framework. Remuneration is aligned to the Group's divisional performance targets. The directors' remuneration is disclosed in the Group and subsidiary financial statements. In 2018, the Group reported its Gender Pay Reporting for the first time. We are confident that men and women are paid equally for doing equivalent jobs. McLaren operate in the innovation, manufacturing, engineering and motorsports industries which all have historically higher proportions of male employees. Our gender pay gap is driven by the high proportion of men we employ within our business - within our most senior roles - coupled with the relative scarcity of women within our sector's talent pipelines. Each of our businesses has developed their own action plans to address their gender pay gaps but also pool resources and share best practice across the Group where appropriate. Principle 6 - Stakeholders The Board supports good governance practices within our businesses to deliver our Business Plan and to protect the Group's brand, reputation and dealings with all our stakeholders including, but not limited to, our shareholders, customers, employees, suppliers, Government bodies and the local communities in which we work. The Board approves an annually updated Business Plan that aligns the company's strategy with the shareholders' long-term objectives for sustainability and growth. The Board is committed to social responsibility, community engagement and environmental sustainability. The Group has a sustainable business strategy with mature and well- designed sites and processes, a suite. of measures, external accreditations and a number of environmental awards. Measuring and managing our environmental impact is essential for the financial sustainability of our supply chain and business. We are committed to winning races and Championships and minimising our environmental impact across the full range of our operations. We are also working to extend environmental standards through our supply chain. McLaren assigns key individuals with the responsibility for implementation and provides the necessary management support and resources to enable these individuals to carry out their role. We encourage employee contributions, views, involvement and dialogue in all environmental matters. We will provide suitable training and support to all employees in relation to this policy, giving them ownership and pride in achieving our objectives and goals and recognising contribution as part of a fulfilling career at McLaren. The Board promotes transparency in the Group's dealing with external stakeholders and representatives of government. We engage with governments, regulators, industry bodies and our stakeholder community in a constructive manner to promote good governance. We <:llsoensure we act in accordance with the governance systems of the countries we operate in. Automotive customers expect the service from a supercar company ·that is met by a dedicated retailer network, after sales events and on-going customer satisfaction engagement. Together with the_Executive Committee, the Board has overseen several initiatives to improve employee relations by encouraging more flexible working practices and updating the Group's·intranetplatform to share -information, best practice, achievements and success. In addition to regular town hall briefings, half-yearly employee briefings delivered by senior management and recorded for delivery to all employees provides an awareness of the Group's performance and allows

Highlight [page 22]: individuals to raise questions and concerns. While COVID-19 has impacted the ability of the Group to meet physically with its employees the Group has expanded its electronic communications and updates to ensure that employees are fully engaged in the Group's status and development. The Executive is aware of the results which are used to assess and react to workforce issues including corporate culture, employee engagement and satisfaction. The Group operates a defined contribution scheme in conjunction with advisors who are independent of the Group. The Pensions Committee meets regularly to ensure that the decisions made in relation to the Scheme reflect the interest of all stakeholders. The Group has a formal whistleblowing policy to support any employee who wishes to report any concern that they have while remaining anonymous. •