
Highlight [page 14]: STATEMENT ON CORPORATE GOVERNANCE In accordance with The Companies (Miscellaneous Reporting) Regulations 2018, the Board has adopted the FRC Wates Corporate Governance Principles for Large Private Companies (."the Wates Principles"). The following provides details on how the Board has followed the Wates Principles over the course bf the year. Principle One - Purpose and Leadership As noted in the Strategic Report, the Company is BAC's largest entity outside of the US and helps service the core financial needs of global corporations and institutional investors. The Company's head office is in the UK with branches in Dubai and Qatar, and a representative office in Zurich, and is licensed to undertake business in a number of other countries or territories around the world. • The Board develops and promotes the purpose of the Company and ensures that its values, strategy and culture are aligned to it The Board also approves the strategy for the Company on an annual basis. The 2021 MU Strategy, in keeping with the broad BAC strategy of "Responsible Growth", was developed taking into account the impact of the Company's activities on its clients, employees, regulators, vendors and the wider community, and ensuring any decisions take the following into account: Responsible Growth: Grow and win .in the market, within our client-focused strategy, within our risk framework and in a sustainable manner. Operational Excellence: / Work smarter for our clients . and optimise the way we do business.

Highlight [page 15]: Culture: Make MLI the best place to work: drive diversity, respect, meritocracy, maintaining and continuing to progress an inclusive environment for all and give back to the communities in which we work. The Board also formally adopted the BAC Code of Conduct, to which all employees are required to adhere and which defines the culture of the organisation as follows: "Our culture comes from how we run the company every day, by acting responsibly and managing risk well, which includes our commitments to honest and ethical behaviour, acting with integrity, and complying with applicable laws, rules, regulations and policies. We recognise that cultivating a strong culture is an ongoing effort, fostered day after day in both formal and informal ways. Building a unified culture requires thoughtful, purposeful action, and we do this by ensuring all of our employees from different businesses, companies, and countries are aligned to our purpose of making financial lives better...through the power of every connection." The Code of Conduct contains detailed requirements to ensure that employees abide by the principles of • managing risk well, acting ethically, being fair and honest in communications, safeguarding and not misusing information, protecting the Company's assets, conducting financial affairs responsibly, complying with all applicable laws and regulations, valuing each and every teammate and growing the business responsibly. The Code of Conduct also details the Company's approach to discrimination and harassment. It confirms that MLI is committed to promoting an inclu~ive and respectful work environment. Discrimination and harassment are unacceptable and contrary to the Company's values. The Company does not tolerate unlawful discrimination or harassment of any kind, including but not limited to verbal, physical, visual, sexual and abusive conduct (bullying) as outlined in our Harassment and Discrimination Prevention Policy. See the "Employee Engagement" section for further details of how the Board engages with employees on matters related to the purpose and culture of the Company. . • Principle Two - Board Composition The Board comprises of executive, non-executive and also independent non-executive directors, who bring solid experience and the ability to challenge and be fully independent of the executive directors..The independent non-executive Board Chair provides a level of independent oversight to the proper execution of the governance activities of the Company and the Board. As required under relevant regulation, the Chairs of the Board and each of its Committees are independent non-executive directors. • The Chair of the Board has responsibility of chairing and overseeing the role of the Board and is responsible for leading the development of and monitoring the effective implementation of policies and procedures for the induction, training and professional developmenfof all members of the Board, for leading the development of the Company's culture by the Board as a whole and is responsible for ensuring that the Company's non-executive directors maintain their obligations with respect to applicable Fitness and Propriety regulations. I The Board delegates to the Chief Executive Officer ("CEO" and SMF1 for the purposes of the UK Senior Managers' Regime) the management of the Company. The CEO may exercise all the powers of the Board except for those matters reserved to the Board or any other matter specifically delegated to any committee of the Board. The CEO is authorised to delegate a further proportion of his authority to other senior executives as considered consistent with the roles and responsibilities attributed to those individuals and as defined through the Company's responsibilities map, which is shared with the Board periodically, or following significant changes. MLI is subject to requirements under UK regulation regarding board size and composition and director suitability. The MLI Governance Committee, in consultation with the Company's shareholder, the Company's CEO and the Chair of the Board, identifies and evaluates individual cand.idatesfor their qualifications to become directors and recommends qualified candidates to the Board to fill vacancies as the need arises. Before any appointment is made by the Board, the MLI Governance Committee considers the overall knowledge, skills, experience and expertise represented on the Board, as well c1sthe qualifications and suitability of each candidate, taking care that appointees have sufficient time available to devote to the position. Furthermore, the MLI Governance Committee considers candidates from a wide range of backgrounds and considers candidates on merit and

Highlight [page 16]: against objective criteria and with due regard for the benefits of diversity on the Board, including, but not limited to, gender. In addition, pursuant to the terms of its charter, the MLI Governance Committee is responsible for deciding on a target for the representation of the underrepresented gender on the Board and how to meet it (as required). All Board members, including the non-executive and independent non-executive directors participate in regular training and development activities appropriate to their roles. The effectiveness of the Board is regularly assessed by way of a formal review, and output from such reviews is used to develop actions to further enhance governance processes. In light of the above processes, the current directors collectively possess a broad range of skills, backgrounds, experience and knowledge appropriate for the effective oversight of the Company's business. • Principle Three - Director Responsibilities MLl's directors execute their responsibilities by way of appropriate governance structures including the Board and its Committees, in order to hold management to account. Examples of key activities performed by the directors through the Board and its Committees include annual review and approval of MLl's strategic plan, consideration of the capital plan, financial operating plan, liquidity requirements and risk appetite. Strategic decisions relating to the Company are presented and discussed at the MLI BRC and the Board. The Board ensures suitable risk management and controls through the MLI BRC, the MLI Audit Committee, the MLI Governance Committee and the MLI MRC, also conducting periodic reviews of risk management strategies to ensure their continuing effectiveness. The "Risk Governance" section of the Strategic Report on page 4 contains further details. Principle Four - Opportunity and Risk The Board is annually asked to consider and, if it sees fit, adopt the BAC Risk Framework, which sets out the responsibility of the Board and its Committees for managing risk across the seven defined risk types: strategic r!sk, credit risk, market risk, liquidity risk, operational risk, compliance risk and reputational risk. This also includes climate risk, an interdependent risk that can span across the seven key risk types. Co.mpliancewith the Risk Framework is required to be assessed annually. The Board through the MLI BRC has a risk identification process, which through the application of the Risk Framework, guides the development of the risk appetite for the Company and the setting of risk limits which provide a structure for setting direction for the Company. The Board is responsible for approving the-Company's Risk Appetite Statement on an annual basis and monitors compliance with it on an ongoing basis. The Company's Risk Appetite Statement is developed in consideration with the BAC Risk Appetite, BAC Risk Framework and the principles of Responsible Growth. This overall Risk Framework enables the Board and its Committees to be able to identify the impact of decision-making 9n its stakeholders over the longer term. The main strategic opportunity for MLI is to continue to serve the core financial needs of global corporations and institutional investors and operate to grow and win in the market, with a· client-focused strategy, within the Risk Framework and Ris_kAppetite, and in a sustainable manner, to provide long-term value to stakeholders. A culture of managing risk well is fundamental to the Company's core values and operating principles. It requires focus on risk in all activities. and encourages the necessary mindset and behaviour to enable effective risk management and promote sound risk-taking within the Company's risk appetite. Sustaining a culture of managing risk well throughout the organ•isation is critical to the success of the Company and is a clear expectation of the Company's senior management team and Board. For details of the principal risks and uncertainties and how the risk environment is managed, see the Strategic Report and note 30 Risk Management.

Highlight [page 17]: Principle Five - Remuneration As a wholly-owned subsidiary of BAC, MLl's remuneration policies are aligned to BAC's policies, while being fully compliant with applicable remuneration regulation. The MLI Governance Committee is charged with oversight of the development, and .implementation of the Company's remuneration policies and practices to support risk management goals and also to encourage alignment with shareholder interests and the achievement of long-term, sustainable results in an appropriate manner. The cornerstone of MLl's remuneration philosophy across all lines of business is to pay for performance - BAC Group, MLI, line of business and individual performance. Through the Company's performance management process, employees understand performance expectations for their role through ongoing dialogue with their manager. The performance management process is designed and ·monitored by the Leadership Development Junction in Human Resources ("HR"). This process is reviewed periodically so that it meets the needs of managers to assess and• communicate performance expectations. Throughout the year, employees receive coaching on their performance and ultimately receive a rating for their full year of performance baseq upon their achievement of goals for their job. Each employee's performance is assessed on quantitative and qualitative objectives as well as specific behaviours, and performance is factored into each employee's incentive r~muneration award. Depending on the employee, quantitative performance objectives may be focused on BAC Group-wide, line of business, or product results. Qualitative performance objectives· may include quality and sustainability of earnings, successful implementation of strategic initiatives, adoption of risk culture/adherence to risk framework and operating principles in relation to conduct risk, adherence to the BAC Code of Conduct and other core values of the Company. The Company does not r~munerate or assess employees' performance in a way that encourages employees to act in a manner that conflicts with the duties owed to the Company's clients. Refer to the "Employee Eng_agement"section below and on the next_page for further information. Principle Six - Stakeholder Relationships and Engagement MLI considers its key stakeholders to be its clients, shareholders, employees, reguiators, vendors and the wider comm.unity. Stakeholders are apprised of the Company's position and prospects by structured reporting and communications. These include by way of example: public filings and disclosures (including Pillar 3 information); specific filings to regulators and tax authorities; and internal updates and meetings for employees. The Board is kept apprised of stakeholder communication. The Board reviews metrics associated with stakeholder interests including, for example: business results, risk and control metrics, employee engagement, client complaints, and vendor payment performance. Refer to the "Section 172 (1) Statement" in the Strategic Report on page 3 and· the sections titled "Employee Engagement" and "Stakeholder Engagement" below and on pages 14 - 17 for further information.