
Highlight [page 5]: Corporate Governance Statement The ultimate parentc0mpany which is listed on the Singapore Stock Exchange is committed and adheres to the Code of Corporate Governance issued by the Monetary Authority of Singapore dated 6 August 2018 and ensures that it is upheld throughout the Group. Details of the Corporate Governance practises are set out within the ComfortDelGro Annual Rep01t available on the CornfortDelGro website. As a wholly-owned subsidiary of the listed Comf01tDelGro Group, Metroline Limited did not follow a formalised Corporate Governance Code in the financial year to 31 December 2021, however the Company voluntarily complied whh the Wates Corporate Governance Principles for large private companies as follows: 1. Purpose and leadtrship - The Metroline Board determines the long term strategy, direction and performance of Metroline. Our vision is to be the Land Transport Operator of choice in the markets that we operate in and the Board are responsible for ensuring the values, strategy and culture are aligned with that vision. 2 Board composition-The Metroline Board comprises of the Chairman, Group Chief Executive & Group Strategy & Risk Officer ofCon,fortDe!Gro Corporation, as we11as the CEO of UK & Ireland Bus and Coach Division. Recent appointments to board include the Group Chief Financial Officer and Group Deputy Chief Executive Officer providing additional l>arent Company oversight and operational expertise. 3. Director responsibilities - The Metroline Board ensure that the local businesses are aligned with Shareholder Interests and with the policies and directions of the wider Group. The CEO of UK & Ireland Bus & Coach has the operational responsibility for delivery of the business plans and meeting the objectives set by the Board. Directors acknowledge their duties to promote the success of the company as set out in the Section 172 ( 1) Statement on page 2. 4. Opportunity and risk - The Metroline Board seek out opportunity while mitigating risk. Long term strategic opportunities are highlighted to the Board through regular Board meetings and through the Group Business Development function. The Metroline Board and the ComfortDelGro Risk & Sustainability Office ensure that inherent and emerging risks are identified and managed appropriately and in a timely manner updating the overall Group Risk Register for any changes in underlying conditions. Risks are managed at a local level through Operational and Safety Risk Committees and through the regular reporting and investigation of incidents. The Safety of our Passengers and Staff are the number one priority in all that we do. 5. Remuneration~ The Chairman and Group Chief Executive are remunerated through ComfortDelGro, details of which are published in their Annual Report. The CEO of UK & Ireland Bus & Coach is remunerated in line with market conditions. Other Directors are remunerated in line with their employment contracts with their primary employer within the Group. 6. Stakeholder relationships and engagement - Directors foster effective stakeholder relationships aligned to the company's purpose ()f being the Land Transport Operator of choice. This requires both the Board and Senior Management to engage with arrange of Stakeholders in order to deliver financial returns and grovrth in a sustainable way. Stakeholders include employees, passengers, suppliers, customers including local authorities, devolved assemblies and Regulators such as Transport for London, Department for Transport and the Office of the Traffic Commissioner. Engagement takes many forms including local briefings and regular communication with Staff via in-house tools such as Blink and newsletters. For other stakeholders such as our customers and local authorities, formal meetings and daily dialogue take place with key stakeholder representatives.