
Highlight [page 5]: Statement of corporate governance arrangements ln addition to following its statutory obligations the directors and the Company follow the Wates Principles for corporate governance. The application of each of the six principles is discussed in detail below. Purpose and leadership As a large subsidiary of a multinationai group, the Company benefits from both the corporate purpose and leadership provided by its parent company, as espoused in the "SRI Way", and the purpose and leadership of the local management team. We embrace the Sumitomo business spirit and share the SRJ v~lues of: • Integrity and soundness - we encourage our people to do the right thing and make it possible for them to call out anything that is not aligned to our shared values via our employee helpline and whistlel>lowing service. • Valuing technology - we are continuously innovating with technology, particularly in tenns of integrating with our customers_own technology to help meet their needs. • Mutual prosperity - we find ways for our employees to share in the proceeds of our strong financial performance and growing busi~ess. • Respect for people - we listen to our workforce in our regular employee forums that bring representatives from across the business with myself as CEO. Board composition The Company is served by a diverse and capable Board, chaired by Mr. Tomohiko Masuta, with our fonner CEO, Duncan Wilkes Serving as non-executive Vice-Chainnan. The Board comprises a combination of parent company executives and iocal managemept (CEO and CFO) each possessing a variety of skills and experiences. Directors responsibilities Time is set aside as part of our regular Board meetings to ensure that all directors are aware of their statutory and other responsibilities. As part of these updates, which are made at ieast annually, local management make clear, which directors assume primary responsibility for ensuring that the Board is discharging its obligations correctly. This ensures that there are no gaps in the performance of the Board's duties. Opportunity and risk The key opportunities and risks are outlined in the Business review ifnd Principal risks and uncertainties report 3

Highlight [page 6]: Remuneration A11matters relating to the remuneration of employees of the Company, including local management are reserved to the Remuneration Committee, which is chaired by Mr. Tomohiko Masuta. Stakeholder relationships and engagement This section describes how we have engaged with and had regard to the interests of our key stakeholders when exercising our duty to promoie the success of the Company under section 172(1) of the Companies Act 2006. We have identified the following key stakeholder groups: • Customers - customers are at the heart of everything we do. Understanding their requirements and how we can serve them is vital to 'the success of our business and our ability to provide fulfilling careers for our workforce. In 2020 our Retail business (trading as Protyre) established a Trustpilot target score of 5 and in April 2022 we are still recognised as such, with more than 50,000 independent customer reviews. • Workforce - our success as a Company is built on the quality and engagement of our worltforce. We operate a regular employee forum where people from across the business come together with myself to discuss the working environment and any issues and opportunities emerging from the business. In early 2021 we launched "MT~ Hub", a smart-phone app that allows us to connect and engage directly with our frontline workers in a way that is not possible with conventional communications approaches such as email or newsletters. • Suppliers - as a multi-channel Wholesaler and Retailer we maintain a number of strategic relationships to ensure we bring a compelling range of products and services forward for our customers. We maintain close ties with our suppliers ensuring clear communication and pre-emption of any difficulties in the supply chain. • Community - we are a national business, but we have a very local presence in our communities around the country. We regularly appear in local social media for our activities in support of the local community, such as collecting scrap tyres illegally dumped in countryside locations or supporting the work of local charities. • Environment - sustainability is important to us as a Company and we are actively looking at ways to reduce our overall environmentai impact. We drill used tyres to help stop illegal waste activities and our scrap tyres are fully recycled by our waste processor. During 2021 we have secured supply of all electricity through renewable energy sources and continue to work to actively manage our .energy consumption and the carbon footpnnt created by our delivery operations. We continue to target a number of the UN sustainable development goa!s that were considered appropriate for our operations across both short and !onger tenri horizons, and some ofthose'initiatives are highlighted in our SECR disclosures within this Annuai report arid financial statements. Parent and group undertakings - as a wholly owned subsidiary of a large corporate entity, we are mindful of our responsibility to uphold group values, policies and procedures in all our acti~ities. The"SRI Way" seeks to ensure that group companies add value to society.