
Highlight [page 9]: Corporate governance For the year ended 31 December 2021, under The Companies (Miscellaneous Reporting) Regulations 2019, the Company has applied the Wates Corporate Governance Principles for Large Private Companies (published by the Financial Reporting Council ('FRC') in December 2019 and available on the FRC website). The following paragraphs summarise how the Company has applied the principles over the past year: Principle 1 - purpose and leadership At Helping Hands, we like to go above and beyond the typical way of providing care. Unlike a traditional care agency, our service is managed from start to finish by a team of dedicated care managers local to the customer. The focus of the Board __during much of2021 has been on the Company's response to the pandemic. The goal of being "trusted" is about ensuring that the Company has a reputation as one of the most trusted businesses anywhere, that it invests in its carers and customers, that it treats them fairly and that it manages its risks and delivers its promises, safely, on time, and at the right quality. Principle 2 - Board composition The Board comprises a separate Chairman and Chief Executive to ensure that the balance ofresponsibilities, accountabilities and decision making across the Company are maintained effectively, as well as a Company Managing Director, Chief Financial Officer, three independent non-executives and two family members (irtcluding the Chairman). This size and composition is appropriate to the Company's large yet focused business. Independent non-executive directors bring experience in addition to perspectives and challenge from outside the sectors in which the Company operates. Principle 3 - Director responsibilities The Board has a programme of eleven principal meetings every year. As part of every Company Board meeting, the governance of the Company is included as a standing agenda item. The Board's key areas of focus in 2021 are noted in the 'Directors' statement of compliance with duty to promote the success of the Company (sl 72 statement)' on page 3. The Board receives regular and timely information on all key aspects of the business, including health and safety, risks and opportunities, the financial performance of the business, strategy, operational matters, market conditions and sustainability, all supported by Key Performance Indicators (KPis). Principle 4 - opportunity and risk The Board seeks out opportunity whilst mitigating risk. The Company's key operational risks and mitigations are outlined in the Strategic report (and are denoted as 'Principal risks'). Principle 5 - remuneration The Board's primary objective is to set remuneration at a level that will enhance the Company's resources by securing and retaining quality senior management who can deliver the Company's strategic ambitions in a manner consistent with both its purpose and the interests of its shareholders. Principle 6 - stakeholders The Board is clear that good governance and effective communication are essential on a day-to-day basis to enable the business to fulfil its purpose and to protect the Company's brand, reputation and relationships with all its stakeholders including shareholders, customers, employees, suppliers, financial institutions and the communities in which it works.