
Highlight [page 57]: Corporate Governance Statement This corporate governance statement describes the Company's corporate governance structure and the main features of its internal control and risk management systems in relation to the financial reporting process. Corporate Governance Policy The Board remains committed to high standards of corporate governance. Since 1 April 2019 the Board has applied the Wates Principles published by the Financial Reporting Council as the most appropriate corporate governance framework for the Company. However, the Board continues to have regard to the principles and provisions of the UK Corporate Governance Code ('the Code') to the extent that the Board considers them to be proportionate and relevant to the Company, bearing in mind the size and complexity of the Company and the nature of the risks and challenges it faces. Application of the Wates Corporate Governance Principles Set out below is an explanation of how the Company applied the six principles during the year. Principle 1 - Purpose and leadership: The Board and executive management believe that a clear understanding of, and commitment to, the Group's vision, mission and values by the whole workforce is core to the continued success of the Company and to the delivery of long-term value to its shareholder and other stakeholders, including society as a whole. Led by the Chief Executive Officer, the executive management devotes a considerable proportion of its time, budgets and energy to continually communicating, reinforcing and supporting the "tone from the top" to ensure that the Company's healthy culture is maintained. Further information on how the Board has regard to the interests of employees and engagement with the workforce is set out in the Corporate Social Responsibility section on page 32 and the Directors Report on page 62. Principle 2 - Board composition: The Board includes a separate Director in the Chair (chairman) and Chief Executive Officer to ensure that the balance of responsibilities, accountabilities and decision-making across the Group is effectively maintained. The other members of the Board are non-executive directors, comprising two who are considered to be independent and one who is an employee of the sole shareholder. Accordingly, half of the Board (excluding the Director in the Chair) comprises independent directors, in line with the UK Corporate Governance Code. The Board considers that its size and composition is appropriate for a business of the scale and complexity of the Company. The Board has delegated specific functions to its Audit & Risk Committee, Nomination Committee and Remuneration Committee respectively. The Director in the Chair and the independent non-executive Directors bring with them a variety of skills, backgrounds and knowledge, including experience in leadership, financial services and audit, in addition to perspectives and challenge from both inside and outside the sectors in which the Group operates.

Highlight [page 58]: The Board conducts a formal effectiveness review of itself and its committees every year. Although the Board's policy is to have such reviews facilitated by an independent external advisor every three years, the Board decided that (in the unusual circumstances prevailing during the Covid pandemic) the externally-facilitated assessment should be postponed. In view of the continuing restrictions imposed on the UK population in order to counter the spread of the Covid-19 virus, tpe Board has resolved to revisit the matter of evaluation in 2022. During the year, the Board - in conjunction with the Nomination Committee - has made further progress in formulating a succession plan for the Board and a strategy designed to promote diversity and inclusion amongst its membership. Principle 3 - Director responsibilities: The Board has a programme of five scheduled meetings every year, plus specific days dedicated to strategic planning. The Board also held ad hoc meetings during the course of the year in order to deal with various matters presenting risks and/or opportunities which needed to be addressed before the date of the next scheduled meeting. The agenda for each scheduled Board meeting is structured around four pillars, one of which is corporate governance. Under the Company's Risk Management Framework, the Board approves all Group policy statements, with subordinate standards being approved by the Executive Risk Committee and detailed processes and procedures being the responsibility of the relevant business units. The Board receives regular and timely information on all key aspects of the business, including strategy, risks and opportunities, the financial performance of the business, operational matters, customer outcomes, regulatory issues, market conditions, and sustainability, supported by KPls. More information on the operation of the Board and its Committees, and on the Company's internal control and risk management, is set out later on in this Corporate Governance statement. To promote clarity, and to minimise the risk of breaching regulatory requirements in the countries in which the Company operates or in Japan, the apportionment of accountabilities and responsibilities between the Company and its sole shareholder are set out in a document which has been reviewed periodically. The Directors are mindful of their statutory duties under the Companies Act 2006. The factors which they considered during the year in carrying out their statutory duty to promote the success of the Company are described in the Section 172(1) Statement, which forms part of the Group Strategic Report and starts on page 50. Principle 4 - Opportunity and risk: The Board seeks out opportunity whilst mitigating risk appropriately. "Profitable growth" is the first of the four key pillars which form the basis of the agenda for each scheduled Board meeting.

Highlight [page 59]: All proposed projects above a defined threshold value must be submitted to the Change Governance Committee, which is chaired by the Director of Operations, who ensures that all major projects are brought to the Board for consideration. Day to day risk management is addressed within the Group's risk management framework, which has been approved by the Board, and for the maintenance of which the Chief Risk Officer is accountable. The Chief Risk Officer reports on a regular basis to the Executive Committee, the Board's Audit & Risk Committee and the Board itself. The work of these committees is described later in this Corporate Governance Statement. Details of the Group's principal risks and uncertainties, and the operation of the risk management framework, are set out in the section of the Group Strategic Report starting on page 41. Principle 5 - Remuneration: The Board has delegated to its Remuneration Committee responsibility for overseeing implementation of the Group's remuneration policy and making recommendations to the Board on significant matters such as pay structures and benefit schemes. The main purpose of the Committee is to ensure that the Company has a remuneration policy which is designed to attract, retain and motivate executive management of the quality required to run the Company successfully without paying more than is necessary, having regard to the views of the shareholder and other stakeholders. The Committee has regard to the risk appetite of the Company and aims to ensure that remuneration is aligned to the Company's long-term vision, mission and values and to corporate and individual performance, in order to promote the long-term, sustainable success of the Company. The Committee also has regard to pay and employment conditions across the Group and to the alignment of incentives and rewards with its culture. In early 2022, the Company published its fourth annual statutory Gender Pay Gap Report. The latest report highlights progress despite a slight reverse in the Gender Pay Gap and also specific areas of focus and actions, which the Remuneration Committee mandated the Group HR Director and the business to continue in order to achieve further positive impact on the Gender Pay Gap position. Principle 6 - Stakeholders: The Board is acutely aware that effective engagement with stakeholders is essential to deliver the Group's vision and mission and to protect the Company's brand, reputation and relationships with all its stakeholders, including the shareholder, customers, employees, suppliers and the local communities in which the Group operates. An explanation of how the Board, and the Company as a whole, engaged with its stakeholders (including the workforce) during the year is included in the Directors' Report, which starts on page 62.

Highlight [page 60]: Following the merger on 1 April 2021 of Mitsubishi UFJ Lease and Finance Company Limited with Hitachi Capital Corporation to form Mitsubishi HC Capital Inc, the Company's new parent company and sole shareholder, the Board agreed that a full review of the Company's corporate governance structure should be carried out, in order to ensure that the Board, the business, the parent company and all other relevant stakeholders continue to interact effectively. The internal elements of the review, including the establishment of a new Board Terms of Reference document, have been substantially completed. Work continues on the optimisation of mechanisms and channels of communication to ensure efficient communication between the business and the parent company. Board of Directors During the year under review, the Board was chaired by Guy Munnoch (defined as the "Director in the Chair" under the Company's Articles of Association) and comprised the Deputy Chair and Senior Independent Director, Alan Hughes, two other non-executive directors (Anne Whitaker and Hiroyuki Fukuro) and the Chief Executive Officer, Robert Gordon. Mr. Munnoch has indicated his intention to retire as a director of the Company before the end of 2022. The Board has resolved that Mr. Hughes should succeed Mr.Munnoch as Director in the Chair upon his retirement. Mr. Fukuro is an employee of the Company's sole shareholder, Mitsubishi HC Capital Inc. Excluding the Director in the Chair, the Board therefore has two non-executive directors, Ms. Whitaker and Mr. Hughes, who are determined by the Board to be independent. The Board has an oversight role, delegating day to day responsibility for managing the Group's business to the Executive Committee (described below) and holding the Chief Executive Officer to account. The Board has a written Schedule of Matters Reserved, which specifies all matters which must be escalated to the Board for consideration and decision. This schedule forms part of the Board Terms of Reference and is reviewed annually. The Board sets its agendas according to an agreed annual cycle, which is also reviewed annually, structured around four core pillars of profitable growth, corporate governance, operational excellence and customer-centricity. Board Committees The Board delegates certain defined responsibilities to committees which are summarised below. Each of these Committees has formal terms ofreference which are reviewed annually. Executive Committee The Executive Committee is responsible for leading the day-to-day management of the Group. It provides the forum for the executive team to shape and agree the vision, mission, strategy and values, in alignment with those of the shareholder, for recommendation to the Board for approval. The committee, through the Chief Executive Officer, is then accountable to the Board for delivering the approved vision, mission and strategy in line with the Group's agreed values. Audit and Risk Committee During the year under review, the Audit and Risk Committee was chaired by Anne Whitaker, who is a Chartered Accountant, a former audit partner at Ernst & Young, and Senior Advisor at the Financial Reporting Council.

Highlight [page 61]: Ms. Whitaker was appointed as chair of the Audit and Risk Committee by the Board, which considers her to be independent and to have competence in both accounting and auditing as required by the Disclosure and Transparency Rules. Ms Whitaker has outlined her intention to retire as a director of the Company before the end of 2022 although she has agreed to remain in post until a successor is appointed and in place. The other members of the committee are Alan Hughes, Guy Munnoch and Hiroyuki Fukuro. Although Mr. Munnoch is the Director in the Chair, taking into account the size of the Company, his experience in the regulated financial services sector and the fact that the Board considers that he was independent on appointment (and continues to be independent), the Board believes it to be appropriate that Mr. Munnoch is a member of the Audit and Risk Committee. The Board therefore also considers that a majority of members of the committee are independent and that the committee as a whole has competence relevant to the sector in which it is operating. The Board ensures that the committee carries out the functions required by rule 7.1.3 of the Disclosure and Transparency Rules. The committee normally meets in advance of each Board meeting, including on key dates in the financial reporting and audit cycle, and otherwise as necessary. The first part of each meeting normally focuses on audit matters (both internal and external), whereas the second part concentrates on risk issues. The statutory auditor normally attends the first part of each meeting by invitation in order to ensure that all the information required by the committee is available for it to operate effectively. The Chief Executive Officer and the heads of relevant central functions, such as the Group Director of Finance, Chief Risk Officer, the Group Director of Operations, the Group Head of Compliance and the Head of Internal Audit, also attend meetings at the invitation of the committee. The committee meets separately with the statutory auditor at least once per year. The committee's responsibilities are set out in its terms of reference, which include monitoring the financial reporting process and the statutory audit of the annual consolidated financial statements and reviewing the effectiveness of the Group's internal control and risk management systems and the work of its internal audit function. The committee reviews the findings of the Group's statutory auditor, keeps under review its independence and objectivity, the value for money of the audit, and the appropriateness and cost-effectiveness of any non-audit services provided by. the statutory auditor. The committee satisfies itself that any safeguards required by ethical guidance regarding the provision of non-audit services are implemented. The committee reports to the Board on the outcome of the statutory audit and explains how the statutory auditor and the committee contribute to the process. The committee is responsible for the procedure for selecting the statutory auditor and for making recommendations on its appointment. The committee also receives regular updates on the implementation of our internal audit plan, and compliance with, certain aspects of Japan's Financial Instruments and Exchange Law (J-SOX) in order, for example, to assure itself that the Group continues to satisfy its parent company that it remains compliant with the legislation. Remuneration Committee During the year under review, the Remuneration Committee was chaired by Alan Hughes. Its other members are Guy Munnoch, Anne Whitaker and Hiroyuki Fukuro. The role of the committee includes agreeing the policy for remuneration of the executive management and approving their individual remuneration packages (above a specified threshold), ensuring that appropriate incentives exist at all levels and overseeing any major changes in employee benefit structures across the Group.

Highlight [page 62]: The committee also reviews, for approval by the Board and the shareholder, the design of long-term incentive plans, bonus schemes and commission schemes operated by the Group. In canying out its duties, the committee consults other committees of the Board,· and the shareholder, as appropriate, and obtains professional advice to the extent it considers necessary. Nomination Committee During the year under review, the Nomination Committee was chaired by Guy Munnoch, its other members being Robert Gordon, Alan Hughes, Anne Whitaker and Hiroyuki Fukuro. The purpose of the committee is to regularly review the structure, size and composition (including the skills, knowledge, experience and diversity) of the Board and make recommendations to the Board with regard to any changes, as well as to ensure that there is a formal, rigorous and transparent procedure for the appointment of new directors. The committee makes recommendations to the Board on various matters, including succession plans, re-appointment of directors and membership of committees. In carrying out its duties, the committee consults other committees of the Board, and the shareholder, as appropriate, and obtains professional advice to the extent it considers necessary. Both Guy Munnoch and Anne Whitaker have outlined their intentions to retire as directors of the Company before the end of 2022, although each has agreed to remain until a successor is in place. In conjunction with the Group HR Director, the committee has therefore devoted a substantial part of the year to recruiting such successors, including briefing external agencies, interviewing candidates and formulating recommendations to the Board. Executive Risk Committee The Executive Risk Committee is an executive level committee accountable to the Board. Its purpose is to ensure the effective management of all risks so that the Company's strategy and compliance objectives are achieved, escalating issues by exception to the Audit and Risk Committee. The Committee supports the Chief Executive Officer in identifying and addressing material risks and issues. The Committee is chaired by the Chief Risk Officer and its membership includes the Chief Executive Officer, the Group Director of Operations, the managing directors of each business division, the directors of relevant central functions, the Group Head of Compliance and the Group Treasurer. Internal Control and Risk Management The Board is ultimately responsible for the Group's system of internal control and risk management and for reviewing its effectiveness. In relation to the financial reporting process, the system of internal control and risk management includes controls designed to safeguard assets against unauthorised use, to maintain proper accounting records and to ensure the reliability of financial information. The system of internal control and risk management is designed to manage, but not eliminate, the risk of failure to achieve business objectives and can provide only reasonable, rather than absolute assurance against material misstatement, loss or fraud. The Board confirms that there is an appropriate ongoing process, as part of the Group's risk management framework, for identifying, evaluating and managing the significant risks faced by the Group which has been in place throughout the year ended 31 March 2022 and up to the date of approval by the Board of the Annual Report and Consolidated Financial Statements. The key elements of the internal control system include: a clearly defined Board and Board committee structure, with terms of reference setting out membership, roles and responsibilities. Detailed annual budgets aligned with the corporate strategy are reviewed and approved by the Board. Regular progress reports and results are reviewed by the Board, or one of its committees, and actions are taken as appropriate. Organisational structures are in place which allow clear delegation of authority and responsibility throughout the Group.

Highlight [page 63]: Systems and proced'ures are in place to identify, control and report on the major risks facing the Group. The Audit and Risk Committee, supported by the Executive Risk Committee, is responsible for coordinating this process and for making recommendations to the Board. Further information about the Group's risk management framework is set out in the Group Strategic Report under the heading Principal Risks and Uncertainties on page 41. The Group has a 2nd Line Risk & Compliance function and 3rd Line Internal Audit function which provide, respectively, oversight and assurance in respect of the overall effectiveness of the governance of the Group, including the risk management framework. In addition, there have been regular reviews of key areas of risk by the internal audit teams of the parent company, which are expected to continue post-merger. The Board, through the Audit and Risk Committee, has reviewed the effectiveness of the system of internal control, including financial, operational and compliance controls and risk management, through representations from management and the independent monitoring undertaken by the Internal Audit function. In addition, the Group's statutory auditor presented to the Audit and Risk Committee reports that include details of any significant internal control matters which it had identified. Weaknesses identified during the course of these reviews have been incorporated into action plans. Throughout the year ended 31 March 2022, the ·Group complied with the Japanese J-SOX legislation to the extent it was relevant to the Group, as a subsidiary of its parent, using the COSO framework, as a consequence of the parent company being listed on the Tokyo Stock Exchange. Diversity and Inclusion The Directors believe that, as a leading financial services business, the Group has a role in society to encourage greater inclusion and diversity, within a workplace that welcomes everyone. The Group's aim is to create an environment that ensures that all our people have the opportunity to benefit from a sustainable and achievable career path and to fulfil their potential. Details of the Group's diversity and inclusion policy, and the initiatives undertaken in the past year, are available on the Company's website: https://www.novuna.co.uk/who-we-are/inclusion-and-diversity/