
Highlight [page 67]: Corporategovernancereport Forthe year ended 30 September2021,underThe Companies(MiscellaneousReporting)Regulations 2018,the Companyhasapplied the WatesCorporateGovernancePrinciplesfor LargePrivate Companies(publishedby the FinancialReportingCouncil("FRC"in) December2018 and availableon the FRCwebsite). Principle1 Purposeand Leadership Motability Operations was established in 1978 to deliver the Motability Scheme, under contract to Motability the national charity (which is responsible for oversight of the Scheme). We provide mobility to almost 649,000 customers with a wide range of different disabilities, providing an opportunity to achieve freedom and independence. Our purpose is "To give our customersaccessto affordable, worry-free mobility" Our goals defined by our strategic pillars to 'ensure long-term sustainability', 'build our customer and disability expertise', 'provide value and choice' and 'improve reach and awareness' set out a clear framework within which we align our business objectives, strategic initiatives, performance targets and business planning. Our people positioning principles, culture and values form the bedrock to deliver these objectives. 66 Annual Report and Accounts 2021 Our values of 'inclusion', 'empathy', 'forward thinking', 'excellence' and 'empowerment' are central to delivering and meeting the needs and expectations of our customers. We embrace diversity which enables us to have a wide variety of approaches and perspectives, enhancing performance and creating value for customers. The Group's purpose, goals and values focus on Motability Operations' commitment to good corporate governance with a clear focus on our environmental and social responsibility. As we do not pay shareholder dividends we can focus purely on delivering for our customers, with profits available for reinvestment to support their current and future needs. This financial year saw Motability Operations make a distribution to customers by way of two insurance rebate payments of £50 each, with a further commitment to make an additional £60 rebate to all customers, reflecting the reduced operating costs (insurance and maintenance) linked to lower mileages driven during the Covid lockdowns, and a donation of £170mto Motability (the Charity), to support their broader aim to enhance the lives of disabled people with transportation solutions. It is also the intention of the Company to support the affordability challenges associated with the current supply constraints, the increasing costs of providing cleaner internal combustion engine (ICE)technology and electric vehicles through a £250 renewal payment to customers (new and renewing). Principle2 BoardComposition The Board comprises a Chairman, Chief Executive, Finance Director, four Non-Executive Directors (from the Shareholder Banks) and six Independent Non-Executive Directors. This size and composition is appropriate given the size and complexity of the business. The Group has a separate Chairman and Chief Executive to ensure that the balance of responsibilities, accountabilities and decision making across the Group is effectively maintained. Andrew Miller was appointed as the new Chief Executive effective as of 1 January 2021. The responsibility of the Independent Non-Executive Chairman includes leading the Board and ensuring its effectiveness. This includes setting the agenda for Board meetings, promoting a culture of openness and debate and, with the assistance of the Company Secretary, arranging for the Directors to receive timely, accurate and clear information ahead of Board meetings. The Chief Executive is responsible for leading and managing the business on a day-to-day basis with authorities delegated by the Board, and is accountable to the Board for the financial and operational performance of the Group. This day-to-day management is effected through the Executive Committee, with the Chief Executive as Chair. The Non-Executive Directors combine broad business and commercial knowledge to enable them to challenge and contribute to the development of our strategy. They bring an independent judgement to all business issues through their contribution at Board and Committee meetings. The Chairman is satisfied that the Independent Non-Executive Directors are independent in both character and judgement. The Board meets at least on a quarterly basis, in December, March, June and September. The agenda will typically include a review of the Company Performance Report (including a financial and operational review), a Chief Executive's update, and Audit, Remuneration and Nomination Committee updates.

Highlight [page 68]: Corporatestructure The Board'sresponsibilities Matters reserved for the Board include: Shareholders'Agreement Debt providers Third-party debt financing Motability I Operations Barclays HSBC Lloyds RBS Law Debenture Trust 19.99% 19.99% 39.98% 19.99% 0.05% Promoting the success of the business • Approval of strategy proposed by the Executive Committee Approval of financial reporting and controls Ensuring maintenance of a sound system of internal control and risk management Approval of capital projects Ensuring adequate succession planning for the Board and senior management Undertaking reviews of its own performance and that of other Board committees Approval of Group policies Approval of the structure and terms of reference of the Board committees.

Highlight [page 69]: Our Board The Directorsof the Companywho were in office at the date of signingthe financialstatementswere: Chairman Non-Executive Directors Rt. Hon. Sir StephenO'BrienKBE Independent Non-Executive Chairman Stephen was appointed as Non-Executive Chairman of Motability Operations Group pie . on 1 April 2019. Chair and member of Nomination Committee. LisaBartrip Non-ExecutiveDirector Lisa was appointed as a Non-Executive Director of Motability Operations Group pie on 1 November 2017(alternate - David Mudie, appointed 1 July 2021). Member of Audit Committee. ChrisDavies . IndependentNon-ExecutiveDirector Chris was appointed as an Independent Non-Executive Director of Motability Operations Group pie on 1 July 2020. Member of Audit Committee and Remuneration Committee. AlisonHastings IndependentNon-ExecutiveDirector Alison was appointed as an Independent Non-Executive Director of Motability Operations Group pie on 1 June 2018. MichaelHordley Non-ExecutiveDirector Michael was appointed as a Non-Executive Director of Motability Operations Group pie on 16 July 2021 (alternate - Jayne Seaford, appointed 16 July 2021). DanielMeredithJones Non-ExecutiveDirector Daniel was appointed as a Non-Executive Director of Motability Operations Group pie on 7 September 2016 (alternate - Simon Amess, appointed 1 December 2019). Member of Audit Committee and Remuneration Committee. SimonMinty IndependentNon-ExecutiveDirector Simon was appointed as an Independent Non-Executive Director of Motability Operations Group pie on 1 September 2018. Designated Employee Non-Executive Director and member of the Remuneration Committee. RuthOwen IndependentNon-ExecutiveDirector Ruth was appointed as an Independent Non-Executive Director of Motability Operations Group pie on 1 June 2018. RuthPrior IndependentNon-ExecutiveDirector Ruth was appointed as an Independent Non-Executive Director of Motability Operations Group pie on 1 March 2018. Chair of Audit Committee and member of the Remuneration Committee Neill Thomas SeniorIndependentDirector Neill was appointed as an Independent Non-Executive Director of Motability Operations Group pie on 1 September 2014 and Senior Independent Director on 7 June 2018. Member of Audit Committee, Nomination Committee and Chair of the Remuneration Committee. Executive Directors RobertWhittick Non-ExecutiveDirector AndrewMiller Chief Executive Andrew was appointed as Chief Executive of Motability Operations Group pie on 1 January 2021. Matthew Hamilton-James Finance Director Matthew was appointed as Finance Director of Motability Operations Group pie on 1 October 2016 and was Interim Chief Executive from 1 April 2020 to 31 December 2020. 68 AnnualReportand Accounts2021 Robert was appointed as a Non-Executive Director of Motability Operations on 01 March 2021 (alternate - Peter Lord, appointed 01 March 2021). Member of Audit Committee. ·JoPentland· Group Company Secretary Jo was appointed as Company Secretary of Motability Operations Group pie on 20 March 2008.

Highlight [page 70]: Principle3 DirectorResponsibilities Accountability At Motability Operations, we believe that good governance supports open and fair business, ensures that the Group has the right safeguards in place and makes certain that every decision it takes is underpinned by the right considerations. Good governance is inseparable from our objective to run a high-performing business, delivering long-term value to our customers. It is critical for the Board that we have a clear strategy; strong and appropriate risk control; and the right people in place to ensure this is effectively overseen and delivered. We have a strong culture of control, and all Executive Directors and Heads of Function sign an accountability statement setting out expectations. This document (accountability statement) shares goals and objectives for the year, and provides the framework for performance assessment at an individual level. Effective governance is fundamental to our aim of delivering outstanding performance, providing long-term sustainability and offering enduring value to customers. The Board's role is to provide clear and informed judgement in determining business strategy; to maintain a framework of prudent and effective controls to mitigate risk; and to have the best team in place to deliver excellent business outcomes. Clearly defined lines of accountability and delegation of authority alongside well-established policies and procedures in respect of financial planning and reporting, the preparation of 69 AnnualReportand Accounts2021 monthly management accounts, project governance and information security, all form part of our internal control systems that ensure the accuracy and reliability of financial reporting. The disclosures within the Annual Report and Accounts are reviewed by the Executive Directors and functional heads to ensure they reflect the developments within the Group and meet the requirement of being fair, balanced and understandable. The effectiveness of our GovernanceCommittees was confirmed following a review and assessment of the performance, and all Company policies were also reviewed and relaunched. We comply with the relevant provisions of the Companies Act 2006, the Financial Conduct Authority's (FCA)Disclosure and Transparency Rules and with its Listing Rules applicable to a company with wholesale debt admitted to trading on the London Stock Exchange's regulated market. Our subsidiary, Motability Operations Limited, is governed by and complies with the requirements of the FCAfor Consumer Credit. Motability Operations' culture and people are core to its achievements, and we are committed to recruitment and retention of an engaged and motivated workforce. We are fully pledged to key representation on the Board, and aim to provide a strong balance and diversity of expertise, skills, experience and objectivity. The Company's culture, complexity and the scale of risks faced, as well as its annual performance, are all integral measures in addressing remuneration. Motability Operations regularly reviews remuneration against the market, and makes use of pay and benefit programmes which support the achievement of its objectives. The Company's values are fundamental to delivering excellent performance, and this is exhibited at the most senior level. Committees The Board delegates authority for day-to-day management of the Company to the Executive Committee which meets monthly. The Executive Committee is chaired by Andrew Miller, Group Chief Executive, and includes Matthew Hamilton-James, Group Finance Director; Ian Goswell, Commercial Director; Jo Pentland, Corporate Services and HR Director; Ashley Sylvester, Risk & Business Systems Director; Lisa Thomas, Chief Marketing Officer; and Julie McManus, Company Secretary. The Executive Committee met 12 times during the financial year and it has delegated authority from the Board to: Manage the day-to-day business operations of the Group and its subsidiaries Develop and set strategic objectives Agree policy guidelines Agree the Group's budgets and plans and, once these are adopted by the Board, be responsible for achieving them • Ensure appropriate levels of authority are delegated to senior management Ensure the co-ordination and monitoring of the Group's internal controls and ensure that activities undertaken are conducted within the Group's risk appetite • Safeguard the integrity of management information and financial reporting systems Approve key supplier agreements Ensure the provision of adequate management development and succession, and recommendation and implementation of appropriate remuneration structures Develop and implement Group policies through the Governance Committees (Asset & Liability Management; Financial Risk Management; Risk Policy & Compliance; Supplier Management; Project Management; Pricing Policy; Customer Management; and Equality, Diversity & Inclusion Committee) and MO Reinsurance Ltd Board Agree internal authority limits and control Determine the requirement for regulatory announcements The Executive Committee is kept informed and updated by the subordinate Governance Committees and the MO Reinsurance Ltd Board, and monthly Executive Committee packs are sent to the Non-Executive Directors for information. The Executive Committee reports quarterly to the main Board and there is a standard Board agenda item which allows any Director to comment or ask questions on the content of the Executive Committee packs. The performance and strengths of the Executive Committee are evaluated periodically and individual members' performance is assessed annually. The Independent Non-Executive Directors are wholly independent in that they have no material business or relationship with the Group that might influence their independence or judgement. In addition, certain governance responsibilities are delegated to other Board committees (Audit, Remuneration and Nomination Committees). These committees include both Non-Executive Directors and Independent Non-Executive Directors, who support effective decision making and independent challenge.

Highlight [page 71]: vernancestructure Integrity of information Motability Operations I Group pie The Board receives regular and timely information (at least monthly) on all key aspects of the business including financial performance of the business, strategy, operational matters, risk and opportunities, health and safety, all supported by Key Performance Indicators (KPls). The key financial information is collated from the Group's various financial reporting systems. The finance function is appropriately qualified to ensure the integrity of this information and has access to necessary training to keep them up to date with regulatory changes. The financial statements are currently externally audited by KPMGLLPon an annual basis, and financial controls are reviewed by the Group's internal audit function. Audit Committee Remuneration Committee Nomination Committee Other key information is prepared by the relevant internal function. Processes for collecting data, as well as reporting of that data, are reviewed on a cyclical basis by the internal audit function with quarterly reporting to the Audit Committee.

Highlight [page 72]: Principle4 Opportunityand Risk The Board seeks out opportunity whilst mitigating risk. Opportunity The business revises its strategic plan annually, setting the agenda for achieving affordable, worry-free motoring for customers over the long term. The updated plan is cascaded widely throughout the business, which means individuals, teams and divisions can identify clearly how their goals fit with the Company objectives. The Directors develop a good understanding of the business's operations and external environment and are therefore well-placed to take informed decisions. This year's extensive strategy review focused on optimising the existing proposition alongside building capabilities to develop our customer digital roadmap and vehicle remarketing platform and how we support our customers in the adoption of electric vehicles (our Glide Path to Green).This provides a clear line of sight towards ensuring that our high performance is maintained and fully sustainable. 71 AnnualReportandAccounts2021 We continue to take a proactive approach to managing our CO emissions agenda with a O number of initiatives that provide information and choice for our customers and we meet our environmental responsibilities by managing our internal infrastructure and creating a work environment which looks to minimise our carbon footp'rint. Recognising that having a clear ESGstrategy is vital to the future sustainability, an ESGCommittee was formed in October 2021to push forward the ESGagenda and initiatives within the Company. As a key part of this, the Company participated in the Carbon Disclosure Project ("CDP") in 2021to report on our carbon footprint. CDPoperates the global disclosure system for investors, companies, cities, states and regions to manage their environmental impacts. Our grading is expected by the end of 2021.Details of our initiatives and approach can be found in the Environment section at page 45 and a copy of our Statement of carbon emissions in compliance with Streamlined Energy and Carbon Reporting (SECR)is at page 79. Motability Operations is registered with the Carbon Trust. Risk At Motability Operations, we recognise that sound risk management is fundamental to the successful and sustainable operation of the business. It is a core commitment that our approach protects the interests of customers and seeks to ensure that risks are managed sufficiently to avoid financial, reputational and operational shocks to the business.Our approach to risk management is both dynamic and robust, aiming to ensure that we identify, quantify and manage all material risks. Our risk framework is enshrined within our day-to-day activities and our governance framework, which is overseen and managed by our Risk Management Committees. We have an Executive Director with specific responsibility for risk, as well as a dedicated Risk Management function. The business's appetite for risk is managed through a comprehensive and independently verified Risk Appetite Framework. We make certain that, through our policies, our approach and our activities, we meet standards of behaviour that fall within boundaries that are consistent with our agreed level of risk appetite. We have designed our risk management framework around the 'three lines model' for risk governance. This holistic approach encompasses all material risks, with clearly identified accountabilities and responsibilities for risk management, control and assurance. As such, risk management is incorporated as a core part of effective business planning and capital management. The responsibility for managing the risks and control activities sits firmly within the first line responsibilities. Further details of our risk management framework and approach, together with the Company's principal risks and mitigations are outlined in the Risk management report (on pages 55-64.)

Highlight [page 73]: Riskmanagementframework We have designed our risk management framework around the 'three lines model' approach to risk governance: Please see pages 55 to 64 for more information on our risk management 0 72 Annual Report and Accounts 2021 Principle5 Remuneration The Remuneration Committee has clearly defined terms of reference and is responsible for making recommendations to the Board concerning the Group's remuneration strategy and recruitment framework. In doing so, the Committee takes advice from independent external consultants who provide updates on legislative requirements, best market practice and remuneration benchmarking, drawing evidence from across the sector in which the Company operates and from other relevant sectors. Motability Operations has a clearly defined strategic agenda and framework which underpins its core purpose of providing worry-free mobility to people with a wide range of different disabilities, offering a wide choice of vehicles at affordable prices. The strategic framework, represented by the four pillars (detailed on pages 31 to 35), ensures the alignment of business objectives, performance targets and business planning. Our aim is to design a competitive remuneration package that is sufficient to attract and retain individuals with the necessary skills, experience and expertise to run a business of the size and complexity of Motability Operations on a sustainable basis. Our policy ensures we do not encourage inappropriate behaviours or actions and we do not reward poor performance or failure. In the interests of continued transparency in relation to the remuneration of the Executive Directors, Motability Operations voluntarily elects to publish a Remuneration Report. The aim of the report is to set out the key elements of our Remuneration Policy that ensure a robust and reasonable balance is achieved between financial reward and performance. The report also demonstrates how the Remuneration Policy has been applied in the current year and the intended approach for the forthcoming year. The detailed report can be found at page 79. While we pay equally for equal roles, in 2020 we identified a mean gender pay gap of 24.6%. The Group is an active equal opportunities employer and promotes an environment free from discrimination, harassment and victimisation, where everyone receives equal treatment and career development regardless of age, gender, nationality, ethnic origin, religion, marital status, sexual orientation or disability. All decisions relating to employment practices (including remuneration) are objective, free from bias and based solely upon work criteria and individual merit. Ourstrategicframework • Buildour customer and disabilityexpertise 0 Q Q Provide value and choice Improve reach and awareness Ensure long-term sustainability Underpinned by our values 0 Please see pages 31 to 35 for more information on our strategy and KPls

Highlight [page 74]: Principle6 Stakeholders The Board is clear that good governance and effective communication are essential on a day-to-day basis to deliver our purpose and protect the Company's reputation and relationships with all our stakeholder community including customers, people, Motability (the national Charity), manufacturers and dealers, disability groups, investors, suppliers and the local communities in which we work. Externalimpacts . The Board is committed to social responsibility, community engagement and environmental stability. It achieves this in part through its commitment to: a culture of zero harm (ensuring the safety, health and well being of everyone who works with us); creating positive environmental and social impact; being an employer of choice where everyone is valued and respected; and continuing to ensure the long-term sustainability of the Scheme. For more information please see our strategic framework and KPI report from page 31. Stakeholders The Board promotes accountability and transparency with all external stakeholders. Details of what is important to our stakeholders, how we listen to them and how that has influenced Motability Operations are set out at pages 27 to 30 of the report.

Highlight [page 75]: AuditCommittee The Audit Committeeplaysan important role in overseeingand ensuringthe effectivenessof the financialcontroland risk managementframeworkat Motability Operations. The Audit.Committee comprises three Independent Non-Executive Directors and four shareholder-appointed Non-Executive Directors and Motability (the Charity) has observer rights. In my capacity as an Independent Non-Executive Director I chair the Committee, with other members during the year being Lisa Bartrip, Christopher Davies, Daniel Meredith Jones, Michael Hordley, Neill Thomas and Robert Whittick. Chris Davies and I are serving Company CFOs.The Executive Directors, other members of senior management, the Head of Internal Audit and the external auditors (KPMGLLP) are in attendance where appropriate, together with senior representatives of Motability, the Charity. Robert Whittick and Michael Hordley joined the Committee on 1 March and 16 July 2021 respectively as Non-Executive Directors, following the resignation of Paul Thwaite and Barry O'Byrne. The Committee's terms of reference remain unchanged, giving delegated authority from the Board to: • Review and recommend the annual assurance plan to the Board and receive progress reports from Internal Audit Oversee all assurance activity and monitor the adequacy and effectiveness of such activity Review audit reports and monitor management's progress against agreed actions Appoint and dismiss the external auditors Monitor the objectivity, independence and effectiveness of the external auditors, including the sanction of non-audit work Oversee the operation of the risk management framework, including the risks identified in the corporate risk register II Effectiverisk management is crucialto protecting the Scheme's sustainability." Ruth Prior Audit Committee Chair

Highlight [page 76]: Receive and review periodic reports from the Financial Risk Management Committee and Risk Policy & Compliance Committee Review key areas of management judgement which may have a material bearing on the financial statements including, but not limited to, the periodic revaluation of residual values, the assessment of the adequacy of MORL'sinsurance reserves and other accounting estimates such as maintenance accruals and end-of-contract payments Receive periodic reports from MORL'sAudit & Risk, Underwriting and Investment Committees to ensure that risk management within the subsidiary is managed in a manner consistent with Group policies Consider any substantive control issues arising, including major control failures or incidents Oversee internal and statutory financial reporting, recommending to the Board adoption of the half-year and full-year accounts. The Committee meets quarterly in advance of meetings of the main Board, at which the Committee chair reports. Matters considered on a regular basis during the year included: The Company's capital position, incorporating the evolution and quantification of major risks and their implication for capital requirements, as recorded arid measured through the risk register, to ensure capital adequacy at all times within the parameters agreed by the Board 75 AnnualReportand Accounts2021 A treasury report covering policy and factors affecting liquidity (including ongoing Group financial performance, bank finance availability and bond market access) to ensure that satisfactory liquidity is maintained at all times, within the agreed policy Progress reports from the responsible Executive Director on all key aspects of the business Review of the outputs of and matters considered by the Financial Risk Management and the Risk Policy and Compliance Committees, presented by the responsible Executive Directors Internal Audit reports and issue resolution on a quarterly basis, together with the appropriate resourcing of the function. No significant issues were encountered Reports on any significant control failures or incidents over the previous quarter, and resolution to the satisfaction of the Committee. Other matters on which the Committee focused specifically at intervals during the year included: • Received updates and considered how the Group responded to the pandemic and the actions taken against the key priorities of the Group at this time, namely the health, safety and wellbeing of employees and business continuity and the continuation of service provision to customers. This included a review by Internal Audit on the 'exceptions to policy' as a result of the Covid-19 pandemic Received an update on the review carried out by Oliver Wyman at Motability's request following a strategic review to rebuild key elements of the Economic Capital model calculations working with a number of external third parties Reports were received from management on a continued proactive programme of security initiatives including the outputs from the Cyber Incident Management response exercise and how these are being factored into Group's cyber incident plans as part of Group's ongoing programme of Cyber Security assurance and the establishment of the Cyber Risk and Security Forum to provide additional oversight and governance of MO's management of cyber risk Presentations from the respective chairs of MO Reinsurance Limited's (MORL) Underwriting, Investment and Audit & Risk Committees. This included an update on the impact of the Class 12 Definition and Insurance (Non long term valuation and solvency) Regulations on MORLcapital requirements and the proposal to add tri-party repos to the investment portfolio Validation of the annual risk review process, including a review of how the major risks are presented to ensure greater consistency in internal and external risk reporting, a clear demonstration of trends/changes in risk, with explicit links to potential impacts to the business model and strategy The potential impact on residual values arising from sustained negative sentiment towards diesel vehicles and the economic uncertainty related to the UK's exit from the European Union and the impact of the pandemic The financial statement for the half year and full year which is considered in depth at the Committee's December meeting, with the benefit of a detailed report on the findings of the external auditors, KPMG,who are in attendance to present their report and respond to questions. In issuing unqualified reports in the year ended 30 September 2020 the auditors provided appropriate assurance and identified no matters of material concern either to themselves or to the Committee. Significant financial reporting/judgements and changes in relation to the Group's Financial Statements considered by the Committee are set out on page 76.

Highlight [page 77]: Audit Committeecontinued During the year, the Committee considered the following significant financial reporting judgements and changesin relation to the Group's financial statements and disclosures, with input from management, Internal Audit and the external auditor: Keyjudgementsin financialreporting Residual values The·estimation of the residual values of the vehicle fleet is subject to a number of economic, industry and portfolio-specific factors. Volatility and/or inaccuracy in estimating residual values could have a material impact on the Group's reported financial position. Insurance reserves Insurance reserves are set aside in anticipation of insurance claims where accidents in the Group's cars have occurred but are yet to be reported. The assessment of these claims results in a provision being recognised, which will affect the reported financial result. The Group's assessment of insurance reserves is based on a detailed independent actuarial assessment. Other accounting estimates Other areas of accounting estimates include maintenance accrual and end-of-contract payments. Changes in estimates of future expenditure or payout rates may affect the reported financial result. Audit Committeereviewand conclusions The estimation of residual values is identified as a key business risk and was subject to regular scrutiny and review by the Audit Committee during the year. The Audit Committee reviewed management's accounting estimates of residual values as part of the financial reporting cycle • to understand and evaluate assumptions and estimates. • Assurance was provided through an Internal Audit of the residual value forecasting process. The Audit Committee was satisfied that residual value estimates were appropriate and processes well controlled. The Group's assessment of insurance reserves was initially reviewed by the MORL Underwriting Committee and MORL Board to consider the appropriateness of the methodology and assumptions applied. The Audit Committee reviewed insurance reserve updates from management and the MORLAudit Committee chair, this satisfying the Committee that estimates were appropriate. The Committee assessed accounting estimates as part of the review process for the financial statements. The Committee discussed the work and findings of Internal Audit, independent actuarial projections and peer review exercise to assess the robustness and appropriateness of estimates.

Highlight [page 77]: On this basis, the Audit Committee was satisfied that accounting estimates were appropriate and processes well controlled.

Highlight [page 78]: NominationCommittee We have reviewedthe compositionof the Boardand are satisfiedthat it hasthe right skills,knowledgeand experience. The Nomination Committee comprises the Non-Executive Chairman, the Senior Independent Director and an Independent Non-Executive Director. It is chaired by the Non-Executive Chairman, Stephen O'Brien, and the other members are Neill Thomas and Ruth Prior. The Chief Executive and Corporate Services & HR Director attend where appropriate. The Head of Human Resources acts as secretary to the Committee. The Committee meets twice yearly, or at such other times as required, and has delegated authority from the Board to: • Review the structure, size and composition (including the skills, knowledge and experience) of the Board. Review the leadership needs of the organisation, both executive and non-executive, to ensure the continued ability of the business to operate successfully. Develop and review succession and retention plans for Directors and other senior managers, taking into account the challenges and opportunities facing the Company and the skills and expertise which are needed in the future. Review proposals for any new Executive and Non-Executive Director appointments. Identify and nominate candidates to fill Executive and Non-Executive Directors' roles (including the role of Senior Independent Director), including the re-appointment of Non-Executive Directors at the end of their term. In identifying suitable candidates the Committee will use open advertising or the services of external advisers to facilitate the search. The Committee will consider candidates from a wide range of backgrounds and make decisions on the basis of merit against objective criteria. Review annually the time required from Non-Executive Directors to fulfil their responsibilities.

Highlight [page 79]: NominationCommitteecontinued Make recommendations to the Board in relation to membership of the Audit and Remuneration Committees. Approve any Executive Director's external non-executive director appointment. Make recommendations to the Board concerning any matters relating to the termination of a Director's contract of employment or service. Evaluate the effectiveness of the Committee every two years. The Chairman of the Company holds meetings with the shareholders and feeds back any views, issues or concerns to the Board. There is an 'open invitation' to the Senior Independent Director to attend these meetings as appropriate. During the year, the following matters were covered by the Nomination Committee: 78 Annual Report and Accounts 2021 The composition of the Board was reviewed and it was recommended to the Board the re-appointment to the Group Board of Alison Hastings, Ruth Owen and Simon Minty, each for a second three-year term. Recommended to the Board an extension of the third term for Paul Helps and Mike Gardner, for one year and two years respectively, to the MO Reinsurance Limited Board to ensure continuity during the insurance transition. Approved the Chief Marketing Officer role for Motability Operations Limited and the appointment of Lisa Thomas. Succession plans for Directors and senior managers were reviewed and the Committee was satisfied that these were appropriate and continue to meet business needs. Agreed the position of the Executive Directors within their remuneration ranges. Rt. Hon.Sir StephenO'BrienKBE

Highlight [page 80]: MotabitityOperationshasa clear strategicagendaand performanceframework, with remunerationstructureslinkedto the deliveryof sustainablemeasuresof Companyperformance. Letter from the CommitteeChairman I am pleased to present the Directors' Remuneration Report for the year ending September 2021. Linkingperformanceand pay The aim of this report is to set out the key elements of our Remuneration Policy that ensure a robust and reasonable balance is achieved between financial reward and performance. The report will also demonstrate how the Remuneration Policy has been applied in the current year and the intended approach for the forthcoming year. Remunerationapproach Motability Operations has a clearly defined strategic agenda and framework which underpins its core purpose of providing worry-free mobility to people with a wide range of different disabilities, offering a wide choice of vehicles at affordable prices. The strategic framework, represented by the four pillars (detailed on pages 31 to 35), ensures the alignment of business objectives, performance targets and business planning. Our aim is to design a competitive remuneration package that is sufficient to attract and retain individuals with the necessary skills, experience and expertise to run a business of the size and complexity of Motability Operations on a sustainable basis. Our policy ensures we do not encourage inappropriate behaviours or actions and we do not reward poor performance or failure. II Ensuringa clear linkage between performance and financial reward." Neill Thomas Remuneration Committee Chairman

Highlight [page 81]: RemunerationCommitteecontinued Currentyear application and context This year saw the continuation of the impact of Covid-19,with varying national and regional lockdowns and restrictions in place presenting a challenging backdrop for customers and our operations. With the successful roll-out of the vaccine programme and as these restrictions eased through the summer months, activity has been substantially restored to business as usual, although supply-side constraints have resulted in longer lead times for customers and an elevated volume of lease extensions. Assessment of performance this year has focussed on how effectively management have supported customers and employees through this period, and the financial sustainability and autonomy with which the business has been able to operate and respond to these challenges. As announced in 2020, Andrew Miller joined Motability Operations as CEOon 1 January 2021, with Matthew Hamilton-James having led the business as Interim CEObetween April and December 2020. Remunerationof Interim CEO Upon Mike Bett's resignation as CEO,Matthew Hamilton-James was appointed Interim CEO. For the period in this role, Matthew Hamilton-James received in addition to his remuneration as Finance Director, a "standing-up" allowance of fS,000 per month. This amount is non-pensionable but is included for the purposes of bonus determination. During the year to 30 September 2021, Matthew Hamilton-James served as Interim CEOfor the three months from 1 October - 31 December 2020. 80 Annual Report and Accounts 2021 Remunerationof new CEO As planned Andrew Miller joined the Company as CEOin January 2021.Andrew Miller's salary is £410,000. He receives core benefits in line with the policy for Executive Directors and the Group will provide either a Defined Contribution pension scheme payment or cash allowance in lieu of pension of 15% of salary. He is eligible for a bonus in accordance with the terms and conditions of the Remuneration Policy for Executive Directors. The maximum incentive opportunity for the CEOis 150% of salary. Annualperformance-related payments Annual performance-related payments are linked to the clear and sustainable measures of Company performance, including the success of strategic projects or initiatives. Performance against these challenging corporate targets has been given significant weighting and for the year in question accounts for 75% of the Directors' maximum target bonus payment. The remaining 25% is aligned to individual objectives that are agreed at the start of the performance year. The maximum potential annual performance incentive for the new CEOand Finance Director has been set at 150% and 125%of salary respectively. These maximum levels provide the Committee some discretion to reward for exceptio~al step-change events or performance during the year but ensure that there is an absolute limit on individual payments that can be made. A detailed breakdown of performance against the underlying metrics is set out in the Remuneration Report below; however, key performance outcomes in the year are set out below: Customer: A score of 94.5% (2020: 94.4%) overall satisfaction in the Institute of Customer Service's UK Customer Satisfaction Index (UKCSI),compared with a UK all-sector average of 76.8% and a sector average (Bank & Building Societies) of78.3% Culture: Business culture scores, as independently measured through Willis Towers Watson's 'High-Performing Organisations' culture survey, significantly outperformed the UK 'High-Performing Organisations' Norm groups across all 11 categories (including a Customer Focus score of 95% (2020: 96%) and Employee Engagement at 94% (2020: 96%)) Financial: Financial metrics in relation to capital adequacy and liquidity remain in line with target. Current credit ratings are A/ A1 (stable outlooks) from S&P and Moody's respectively. Performance against the scorecard resulted in a bonus expressed as a percentage of the maximum potential (pro-rated for time in role) of 47% for Andrew Miller and 69% for Matthew Hamilton-James. In considering whether the out-turns were appropriate, the Committee, as it does each financial year, took into account performance against individual objectives and that of the Group as a whole. "With the successfulroll-out of the vaccineprogramme,activity has been substantially restored to businessas usual."

Highlight [page 82]: o support a culture of long-term decision-making in the ordinary course of business, 50% of bonus awards are deferred for a period of three years with performance criteria used to assess the final release of this payment. Based on performance in the three-year period ended 30 September 2021,the Committee determined that the underpin conditions attached to deferred bonus awards made in respect of FY2018were achieved and as such the awards were released to the Executive Directors (as noted above). In addition, the Committee agreed to release the 25% of the bonus awarded in FY2020which was deferred for a year recognising at the time the uncertainty of the impact on the business of the Covid-19 pandemic. 81 AnnualReportand Accounts2021 Salary The Remuneration Committee determines the salary of each Executive Director with regard. to the role and.responsibilities, the experience of the individual currently undertaking the role, the criticality of the role and the individual to the business, performance and market comparatives. Changes are made as appropriate taking these factors into account and giving due consideration to increases awarded to the wider workforce. Core benefits The Group provides Executive Directors with a number of core benefits including private medical insurance, life assurance, travel insurance and a company car (or cash allowance in lieu). Pension The Group provides a Defined Contribution scheme contribution or cash allowance in lieu of pension for Executive Directors. The normal contribution rate for all employees (including Executive Directors) is 15%of base salary (other than where legacy agreements exist). Approachfor FY2022 The arrival of a new CEOprovides a natural opportunity for the business to re-evaluate its objectives and strategic priorities. Against this backdrop, the Remuneration Committee took the opportunity to ensure that the Remuneration Policy remains aligned as the business evolves. Whilst the review noted the absence of a long-term incentive scheme it otherwise found the current structure fit for purpose. The Committee does, however, intend to change the way in which performance is assessed for the purpose of bonus determination to ensure bonus awards reflect both the delivery of the day to day business whilst also focussing the Executive Directors on innovation and strategic planning. Further details are set out below. Revisedannual performance incentive Whilst the development of the specific criteria is yet to be finalised, the revised performance framework will in principle: Include revised criteria for minimum threshold performance (below which no performance-related payments are paid) • Ensure robust objective measurement of individual performance and contribution reflect revised, measurable, and stretching corporate targets include defined long-term (multi-year) targets in relation to strategic implementation reflect specific objectives aligned to the business's commitment to reduce its environmental impact, reflecting the Board's commitment and intent to define specific targets in this important area of its operations (as highlighted in earlier sections of this year's Annual Report) not increase the current caps on maximum potential annual performance incentive retain the three-year deferral for payment of 50% of any annual performance award Details of the revised annual performance framework will be set out in next year's Remuneration Report.

Highlight [page 83]: ExecutiveDirectors' remuneration The table below sets out the Directors' remuneration structure consisting of base salary, annual performance-related pay, core benefits and pension. The amounts for Andrew Miller cover nine months to 30 September 2021 having commenced as CEOon 1 January 2021. The amounts for Matthew Hamilton-James cover three months to 31 December 2020 as Interim CEOand nine months to 30 September 2021 as Finance Director. 82 Annual Report and Accounts 2021 Basesalary Andrew Miller - £308k (FY2020:£Ok) Matthew Hamilton-James - £324k (FY2020:£337k) Andrew Miller's salary reflects nine months as CEOfrom January 2021 (annual base salary of £410k). Matthew Hamilton-James' salary includes a non-pensionable 'stand-up' salary award of £5k per month whilst undertaking the role of Interim Chief Executive Officer between October and December 2020. Benefits A standard range of benefits provided: Company car, medical insurance and travel insurance. Pension Contribution Comprises payments made into the Company's non-contributory Group personal pension (money purchase) scheme, plus any payments made in lieu of pensions where the Director has opted to take taxable income instead of pension contribution entitlements Andrew Miller - £46k (FY2020:not applicable) 15% of salary Matthew Hamilton-James - £46k (FY2020:£46K) 15% of salary Annualperformance incentivepaid The maximum potential bonus is 150% and 125%of salary respectively for the CEOand Finance Director. The bonus is substantially based on key performance measures and individual objectives set at the start of the financial year with additional consideration given to reflect exceptional step-change events or performance within the year Andrew Miller - £108k, representing the cash component (50%) of the bonus award in respect of FY2021,which paid out at 47% of maximum. (FY2020:not applicable) Matthew Hamilton-James - £146k, representing the cash component (50%) of the bonus award in respect of FY2021,which paid out at 69% of maximum. (FY2020:25% of the award paid out at £65k*) * the cash component of the FY2020award was 25%, with 25% deferred until October 2021 pending the successful navigation of the impacts of Covid-19, with the remaining 50% deferred for three years. Vestingof deferred bonus Payment in the year relates to the release of deferred bonus awards earned in FY2018.The Committee determined that the performance criteria attached to the awards were met in full and therefore the award was released Andrew Miller - £Ok (FY2020:not applicable) Matthew Hamilton-James - £121k(FY2020:£103k)

Highlight [page 84]: Annualperformance incentive- measurement Annual performance-related payments are not guaranteed and are linked to clear and sustainable measures of business and individual performance, with levels of stretch incorporated to encourage and reward outstanding performance. In the event that 'threshold performance' is achieved, then a bonus of up to 25% of salary may be awarded. Threshold criteria include the achievement of, amongst other measures, the contractual Key Performance Indicators set by Motability. Performance at this level is regarded as a floor for releasing any potential award up to 25%,whereas higher bonus levels are only receivable in the event that stretch performance targets are met. Any bonus award beyond threshold levels must be individually justified in relation to stretch performance criteria directly linked to a number of corporate objectives including customer service and culture targets which are independently benchmarked against other high-performing organisations. The Company's results must outperform these benchmarks for an above-threshold bonus to be considered. AndrewMiller In terms of corporate objectives, performance is set with reference to customer service, business culture and financial targets as well as governance, risk management and the delivery of strategic initiatives. Individualobjectives In relation to individual performance targets, objectives are defined each year as part of the annual planning process and include, in addition to the elements outlined above, responsibility for the delivery of divisional plans. In determining out-turns, the Remuneration Committee considered performance against both the objectives set at the start of the year and performance in the round over the course of the year. For the period in question both Andrew Miller and Matthew Hamilton-James demonstrated very strong performance against their objectives and in managing the organisation through both the CEOtransition and the continuing impact of Covid-19. 100% 69% 100% Overallout-turnsfor FV2021 Annual performance incentive awards were based on the Remuneration Committee evaluation of Company and individual performance across a broad range of criteria and paid out 47% of maximum potential award for Andrew Miller as pro-rated for his period of CEO(from 1 January 2021to 30 September 2021) and 69% of the weighted average maximum potential award for Matthew Hamilton-James reflecting his roles as Finance Director and Interim Chief Executive.

Highlight [page 85]: FV2021Outcomes The table below sets out the remuneration outcomes for the Executive Directors for FY2021 Base salary Benefits' Expensesreimbursed in performanceofduties 1 Pensioni Bonus" Vesting of deferred bonuses 5 TOTAL fk 2021 2020 2021 2020 2021 2020 2021 2020 2021 2020 2021 2020 2021 2020 Executive Directors Andrew Miller (since Jan 2021) Matthew Hamilton-James 308 324 337 14 14 16 46 46 46 108 146 65 121 103 476 651 567 1. Benefits include car allowance, private medical cover and travel insurance. 2. Certain expenses reimbursed relating to the performance of a Director's duties are classified as remuneration by HMRC(travel to and from Company meetings and the related accommodation), so added to emoluments in the month they are paid. 3. Pensions benefits comprise payments made into the Company's non-contributory Group personal pension (money purchase) scheme, plus payments made in lieu of pensions where the Director has opted to take taxable income instead of pension contribution entitlements. • 4. Bonus reflects the proportion of the annual award (50%) that is payable for the current year. The remaining 50% is deferred for a period of three years. In FY2020,25% was payable in the current year, 25% deferred for a further year and 50% deferred for three years. 5. This reflects the vesting of deferred bonuses awarded in December 2017and released in December 2020. Customerservice The Group is targeted to deliver first-class levels of customer service and excellent value for money. Customer service is measured through two satisfaction surveys (UKCS.I,and an internally commissioned independent review by lpsos MORI) alongside other measures including customer renewal rates at the end of lease. There are also targets for the number of models available on the price list at 'nil advance payment' thereby ensuring that customers can choose from a wide range of affordable vehicles that meet their disability needs. Independentlymeasuredcustomersatisfaction(%) 98 ......L 88 92 91 100 Customerrenewal rates at the end of lease(%) Businessculture Business culture is independently benchmarked against a pool of UK companies with results compared against the UK National Norm group and the 'High-Performing Organisations' (HPO). CustomerFocus(%) Financialperformance 72 79 Financial performance targets are in place to ensure that the Company remains robust and sustainable through the economic cycle, thereby safeguarding the future of the Scheme in the long term. Financial performance measures include the assessment of capital adequacy, liquidity and cost efficiency. Management is set targets against these measures. During the year to September 2021: EmployeeEngagement(%) Leadership(%) StrategicImplementation(%) ■ Below national norm :·::Above high-performing norm 75 85 ·.J 100 60 77 74 94 95 .......... J 85 88 •••8?. ·········1· 100 100 100 Capital levels were successfully managed within policy, with closing capital levels being deemed to be adequate following an assessment of current and emerging potential risks as well as growth and investment plans Treasury management activities ensured that the Company retained sufficient liquidity capacity to finance 12 months' growth plus 20% headroom The overhead cost base was successfully managed within budget Strategic initiatives were delivered and milestones met.

Highlight [page 86]: Futureincentives- Summarytable of schemeinterestsawarded but not yet receivable Deferred bonuses Date of awards Performance period Date receivable Maximum vestingvalue £k Value expected at vesting £k Futurepaymentsfor currentExecutiveDirectors Andrew Miller Oct 2021 2021-2024 Dec 2024 108 108 Matthew Hamilton-James Oct 2020 Oct 2018 Oct 2019 Oct 2020 Oct 2021 2020-2021 2018-2021 2019-2022 2020-2023 2021-2024 Oct 2021 Dec 2021 Dec 2022 Dec 2023 Dec 2024 65 132 142 130 146 65 132 142 130 146 Futurepaymentsfor former CEO Mike Betts Oct 2020 Oct 2018 Oct 2019 Oct 2020 2020-2021 2018-2021 2019-2022 2020-2023 Oct 2021 Dec 2021 Dec 2022 Dec 2023 72 264 275 143 72 264 275 143 All of the above are subject to malus and clawback provisions. Deferred bonuses cannot increase in value. However, these can reduce in value depending on performance criteria. Whilst Mike Betts' tenure as CEOended on 31 March 2020, under the terms of the Executive Director bonus scheme, he continues to receive amounts earned in previous years but where payment was deferred for three years. Non-ExecutiveDirectors'remuneration The Non-Executive Chairmc!n and the Independent Directors receive a base annual fee which reflects their expected time commitment. In addition, the Independent Directors receive fees for chairing the Audit Committee and the Remuneration Committee. The remuneration for the Non-Executive Chairman, the Senior Independent Director and the Independent Non-Executive Directors typically changes in line with overall changes implemented for employees.

Highlight [page 87]: Total remuneration The table below summarises the total remuneration for the Group Executive Directors and Independent Non-Executive Directors of Motability Operations Group pie in line with the Remuneration Policy. Salary Benefits 1 Expensesreimbursedin performanceofdutiesJ Vesting of deferred bonuses 1 Bonus" 5 TOTAL Ek 2021 2020 2021 2020 2021 2020 2021 2020 2021 2020 2021 2020 2021 2020 ExecutiveDirectors Andrew Mille( (since Jan 2021) Matthew Hamilton-James FormerExecutiveDirectors Mike Betts' IndependentNon-Executive Directors Sir Stephen O'Brien (Chairman) Neill Thomas Ruth Prior David Smith· Ruth Owen Alison Hastings Simon Minty Chris Davies.. 308 324 337 14 14 16 29 46 46 46 108 146 65 121 103 2,407 476 651 263 158 75 65 50 51 51 51 567 390 97 72 263 2,995 152 75 65 50 50 51 51 152 75 65 38 49 49 50 17 152 75 65 38 49 50 50 17 1. Benefits include car allowance, private medical cover and travel insurance. 2. Certain expenses reimbursed relating to the performance of a Director's duties are classified as remuneration by HMRC(travel to and from Company meetings and the related accommodation), so added to emoluments in the month they are paid. 3. Pensions benefits comprise payments made into the Company's non-contributory Group personal pension (money purchase) scheme, plus payments made in lieu of pensions where the Director has opted to take taxable income instead of pension contribution entitlements. 4. Bonus reflects the proportion of the annual award (50%) that is payable for the current year. The remaining 50% is deferred for a period of three years. In FY2020,25% was payable in the current year, with 25% deferred until October 2021 and 50% deferred for three years. 5. This includes the vesting of bonuses deferred for three years under the conditions of the Remuneration Policy. The 2020 figure for Mike Betts includes final payments in respect of LTIS/LTPPand retention incentive schemes disclosed previously. All Directors served throughout the year unless marked A (and prior year unless marked AA). The amounts for Mike Betts in 2020 cover six months to 31 March 2020 as CEOand two months to 31 May 2020 as an employee of the Company, during which time he took on the role of leading the Company's response to the Covid-19 pandemic. When his employment ceased on 31 May 2020 (as previously disclosed) he continued in this role as a consultant until 20 November 2020. Of the Board's Non-Executive Directors, only the Chairman and Independent Non-Executive Directors receive remuneration.

Highlight [page 88]: Membershipof the RemunerationCommittee Members of the Remuneration Committee are appointed by the Group Board, on the recommendation of the Nomination Committee and in consultation with the ChaiFman of the Remuneration Committee. The majority are Independent Non-Executive Directors. During 2021 the Committee members were Neill Thomas, who chaired the Committee, Daniel Meredith Jones, Sir Stephen O'Brien, Ruth Prior, Simon Minty and Chris Davies. The Chief Executive and Corporate Services & HR Director attend the Committee (but are absent for any discussion about their own remuneration). The HR Operations Manager acts as secretary to the Committee. The Corporate Services & HR Director provides subject matter expertise to the Committee as required in its consideration and application of the Company's Remuneration Policy. Individuals are not involved in any discussions or decisions which directly relate to their own performance or remuneration. 87 AnnualReportand Accounts2021 RemunerationPolicy Responsibilitiesof the RemunerationCommittee The Remuneration Committee has delegated authority from the Group Board to review and approve, for Motability Operations Group plc and its subsidiaries: • The overall positioning of competitive remuneration with reference to market data Base salaries and increases for the Executive Design, terms and eligibility of performance-related pay schemes including annual awards and any long-term incentives Whether any circumstances exist which would result in the need to withhold or claw-back any element of variable pay The policy for pension arrangements and other benefits for the Executive The remuneration arrangements on appointment of a new Executive, including any buy-out awards (if applicable) The policy on exit payments for the Executive and the remuneration terms of exit on departure of the Executive • The broad policy for the remuneration of all employees, the implementation of which is delegated to the Executive Oversight of the Gender Pay Gap reporting in accordance with the Equality Act 2010 (Gender Pay Gap Information) Regulations 2017.The fourth Gender Pay Gap report, highlighting a mean pay gap of 24.6% compared to 25.6% the previous year, was published in March 2021. Our gender pay gap continues .to be driven by gender imbalance influenced by a number of factors including the competition for female talent in specialist technical roles and a large proportion of females in our customer contact centre where roles are offered on flexible shift patterns (for further detail please refer to the People and culture section on pages 36 to 42) Following each Remuneration Committee meeting, the Committee reports to the Group Board and works closely with the Audit and Nomination Committees. The terms of reference of the Remuneration Committee are reviewed annually and approved by the Group Board. The effectiveness of the Committee is evaluated at least every two years. A review was undertaken in October 2020 with positive feedback being received from the Committee members concluding that the Committee was effective and had discharged all its duties and responsibilities. Advisers The Committee draws on the expertise of external independent specialists for benchmarking, advice on best practice and to confirm that a well governed process is applied. In accordance with the Remuneration Policy which states that the remuneration advisers should be reviewed every three years, a review took place in 2020 which resulted in Deloitte being awarded the role. Since March 2020 Deloitte has continued to advise the Committee.

Highlight [page 89]: RemunerationPolicy Activitiesof the Remuneration Committeeduringthe year The Committee met four times in the financial year ending 30 September 2021 and its main activities during the year were to: Review and agree any changes to Executive base salaries and annual performance-related payments Consider whether any of the underpinning conditions relating to the release of the Executive deferred bonus payments apply • Review the annual performance incentive framework ahead of the FY2021/22 performance year Review Executive remuneration ranges with reference to market data Review and agree the remuneration package of the new Chief Marketing Officer Consider Executive remuneration in light of the Covid-19 pandemic Review and agree any annual salary increase for employees and payment of performance related bonuses • Reviewpension and benefits Review the Gender Pay Gap report Reviewof the Chairman's and Independent Non-Executive Directors' fees Review the Remuneration Policy to ensure best practice Review the terms of reference and the Committee's effectiveness 88 Annual Report and Accounts 2021 RemunerationPolicy ExecutiveRemunerationPolicy The Group's policy is to establish and maintain levels of pay and benefits which facilitate the achievement of its objectives. The Group regularly reviews its remuneration against the market to ensure that it is competitive over the long term, is able to attract talent, and incentivises and encourages retention, whilst at the same time ensuring it does not encourage inappropriate behaviours and actions. Remuneration is very clearly linked to overall business strategy, with Group targets set in the context of both annual and longer-term objectives and milestones. Individual objectives are aligned to the achievement of the Group's annual objectives (both financial and non-financial), the delivery of the strategic agenda and the demonstration of core values. Each Executive receives a copy of the Strategic Review, the Annual Operating Plan (describing corporate and divisional objectives and budgets), together with an Accountability Statement setting out performance expectations in respect of a range of matters including risk management, corporate governance, compliance, adherence to Group policies, diversity, employee engagement, and fraud and bribery prevention. The Group's culture is regarded as central to delivering excellent performance and based on our principles of: We always treat customers fairly We're competitive on value and professional expertise We always provide value for stakeholders We work hard to make sure our finances will sustain our efforts into the future We make sure we are an outstanding, responsible employer The performance of the Group, its culture and the risks facing the organisation are regularly considered when the Board and the Remuneration Committee address remuneration matters. Leavingandjoiningarrangements for ExecutiveDirectors The Chief Executive and the Corporate Services & HR Director work with the Remuneration Committee to ensure that contractual terms on termination, and payments made, are fair to the individual and the Group and failure is not rewarded. The remuneration for a new Executive (whether recruited externally or promoted from within the business) will be based on the experience of the individual and market comparatives for the role and its responsibilities and will be consistent with the Remuneration Policy when determining each element of remuneration. Other matters Equal & fair pay - The Group's Remuneration Policy recognises Equal Pay.The Group is also committed to paying at least at the level of the current Living Wage (as calculated by the Living Wage Foundation) for an individual's base location. Employees - A key underlying principle is that, as far as practicable and appropriate, decisions in relation to pay and reward for the Executive Directors should be applied consistently with the application to other employees. Non-executive appointments at other companies - The Group considers that the release of Executive Directors to serve as non-executive directors elsewhere can be beneficial as part of their ongoing development, enabling Executives to broaden their experience and expertise. Any potential appointments are reviewed and agreed by the Nomination Committee. Under the Group's Remuneration Policy Executives may retain any fees received for non-executive activities. Basisof employment All employees (including Executive and Independent Non-Executive Directors) are paid through payroll, with payments being subject to PAYEand National Insurance contributions as appropriate. The Group does not make use of Service Contracts.