
Highlight [page 9]: STATEMENT OF CORPORATE GOVERNANCE ARRANGEMENTS The Group is committed to and has applied the principles of corporate governance contained in the Wates Corporate Governance Principles for large private companies for the 52 week ended 29 December 2021. Further explanation of how each principal has been applied is set out below. Purpo.'ie and leaden1hip The Group's vision is to 'transform the UK's rest stop experience'. The Board prioritises maintaining effective relationships with all its stakeholders and seeks to regularly engage with shareholders, management teams and employees to ensure alignment with its vision. The Board meet regularly with management teams to analyse the performance both financially and operationally and to plan for the future. Regular conferences and meetings for different functions within the business are held which gives the Directors the opportunity to communicate their vision and aims. The values of the Group are introduced to all new employees during their inductions and access to the company handbook is available to all employees via the colleague app and website. The company handbook lists the Group's Code of Conduct and Ethics along with other important policies. The Board monitor the culture of the Group through regular employee surveys, feedback forums, annual performance reviews and other KPis. Should an employee wish to raise concerns about misconduct or unethical practices there are clear guidelines and procedures in place to allow confidential disclosure to the management team. Board composition The Board comprises of Directors with extensive experience across the retail and hospitality sectors. They are supported by a team of non-statutory operational directors along with a wider senior management team, with day-to-day decision making delegated to key employees of the Group through a prescribed operating structure with clear lines of accountability and responsibility. The Board arc committed to conducting business in an ethical, fair and transparent manner and in accordance with high standards of corporate governance. The Board regularly review governance practices to ensure processes remain fit for purpose and relevant to the business. Director'.~ responsihilitie!t· The Board is responsible for organising and directing the affairs of the Group in a manner that is most likely to promote the success of the Group for the benefit of its shareholders and in a way which is consistent with good corporate governance practices. The primary function of the Board is to provide effective leadership and direction to enhance the long-tenn value of the Group to its shareholders and other stakeholders by reviewing strategic and financial plans and the annual budget, KPis, funding and investment proposals, financial performance and corporate governance practices.

Highlight [page 10]: The Board have developed corporate governance practices throughout the Group which provide clear lines of accountably and responsibility. The Group has a set of policies and procedures in place to manage internal affairs of the business. The Board regularly review governance practices to ensure processes remain fit for purpose and relevant to the business. Opportunity and risk The Board considers strategic opportunities, such as those to expand the current customer offering in new and existing locations as they arise. Short-term opportunities to improve financial performance, resilience and liquidity are collated by responsible management teams and brought to thi.:Buar<lon a regular basis. The Board assesses risks posed to the Group on a regular basis through maintenance of a detailed risk register and report these to appropriate stakeholders where relevant. A dedicated Risk Management director oversees the risk register and an experienced IT director is responsible for managing cyber risks. Principal risks are discussed in the Strategic Report. Remuneration The Remuneration Committee of Everest UK Topco Limited is responsible for developing policies on executive remuneration and for setting the remuneration packages of individual directors and key management personnel. The Group is an equal opportunities employer and promotes an environment free from discrimination, harassment and victimisation, where everyone receives equal treatment and career development opportunities. All decisions relating to employment practices arc objective, free from bias and based solely on individual merit. Annual salary reviews arc performed to ensure that an individual's remuneration takes into account personal performance, business performance and economic conditions. Benchmarking is performed against the wider market to confirm that members of the board arc rewarded appropriately. A discretionary annual bonus is paid based on the performance of the business. Stakeholder relations and engagement The Board prioritises maintaining effective relationships with all its stakeholders and seeks to regularly engage with each key stakeholder group having regard to their views when making decisions. The Board ensures that all information presented to stakeholders is fair and balanced by seeking opinions and representations by independent third parties and advisors.