
Highlight [page 14]: Executive Board, Management Board and Committees Executive Board The Board is responsible for establishing the company's purpose, values and strategy, promoting its culture and overseeing its conduct and affairs to create sustainable value. H1e Board meets regularly, makes decisiuns un a joint basis and has collective responsibility for its remit and objectives. All directors have equal status and aLLuurilauilily Lu dt::div1=1LI11=sl1al1=yy, achieve al 1 acceptable operating performance and execute the Board's fiduciary duties. Committees of the Executive Board Strategy and Policy - Its purpose is to assist the Board with development of the Group strategy, the continuity of its implementation and the alignment of policies to support it. It drives the growth of the business through sector boards, sector plans and strategic initiatives which govern medium-term policy and position for medium-term opportunity. The committee is chaired by the Group's Strategy Director and meets three times a year. Management Board - In 2022, the Operations Committee has transitioned to a Management Board (MB). It is responsible for overseeing the day-to-day management of the Group, specifically delivery of business plans and budgets, all aligned with the Group strategy and purpose. In doing so it monitors and challenges operational business performance, the performance of the supporting business functions and the adequacy of risk management processes at all levels in the business. The MB is non-statutory and is accountable to the Executive Board. It is chaired by the Group's Managing Director and will meet four times a year. Investment and Finance - Its purpose is to monitor and evaluate growth initiatives and to assess post-implementation outcome and performance. It also considers sources of finance, balance sheet risk and the recoverability of the carrying values of Group investments and Group funding balances. This committee is chaired by the Group's Finance Director and meets three times a year. Risk - Its purpose is to monitor and assess the adequacy of risk management processes across the Group with a view to improving them, taking consideration of systems, policies and practices in the business. The committee is chaired by the Group's Strategy Director and meets three times a year. Digital - Its purpose is to provide direction and drive to all the elements of the Group's project related digital activities, including the Digital Delivery Network and the Product Development Group. The committee is chaired by the Executive Chair and meets three times a year. The Shareholders' its sub-committees Committee and The Shareholders' Committee represents the long-term interesls or current and rulure shareholders. It advises on key issues and approves significant decisions and actions of the Board. It is responsible for oversight of the Board. It is chaired by a member of the Shar~holders' Cornmilt1=1= and formally meets four times a year, with directors and the Group General Counsel in attendance. It also meets in camera as is necessary. Audit and Risk Assurance - Its purpose is to review, assess and challenge the risk management processes, the control environment and the governance of the company. In doing so it considers data security and fraud and the effectiveness of internal and external audit. It also considers business improvement, business conduct and ethics. It is chaired by a member of the Shareholders' Committee and in 2021 formally met four times. It also meets in camera as necessary. Nominations - Its purpose is to approve appointments to the Executive Board and the Shareholders' Commit~~-e. as well as other senior appointments and promotions in its remit. Its broader remit is to ensure that its decision-making enables succession planning and retention and development of key people for long-term career progression. It is chaired by a member of the Shareholders' Committee and meets twice a year. Remuneration and Equity - Its purpose is to approve proposals from the Executive Board on remuneration and equity. These are approvals for annual pay awards, bonus schemes, share allocations and dividends, as well as proposals for materially changing the principles and policies around such matters. It is typically chaired by an independent member of the Shareholders' Committee, where one is available, and meets three times a year. The membership of the Board and committees back inside cover of the financial statements. is on the

Highlight [page 15]: Governance The Executive Board has formally adopted a corporate governance framework for large private companies, appropriate for the size and purpose of the company. The Wates Principles are voluntary principles for large private companies that demonstrate an 'apply and explain' approach over six pillars of corporate governance: 1 Purpose and leadership 2 Board composition 3 Director responsibilities 4 Opportunity and risk 5 Remuneration 6 Stakeholder relationships and engagement These corporate governance arrangements were adopted with effect from 1 January 2019, embracing our existing governance framework, which already contained or addressed many of the principles and themes contained in the Wates Principles. Principle 1 - Purpose and leadership An effective board develops and promotes the purpo:;c of the company and ensures that its values, strategy and culture align with that purpose. Our ·purpose is to improve society by considering social outcomes in everything we do; relentlessly focusing on excellence and digital innovation, transforming our clients' businesses, our communities and employee opportunities. Underpinning our purpose is our proposition, 'Opening opportunities with connected thinking'. This is our statement of intent - how we do what we do in delivering our purpose. We demonstrate leadership as an employee-owned company by pursuing success through a strategy and decision-making processes which put the long-term interests of clients, employees, external stakeholders employee shareholders above short-term expediency. and Our leadership principles are focused on passing on a stronger, better and more sustainable business to those who follow us, and to maintain intergenerational fairness. Underpinning those leadership Progress, Respect, Integrity, (PRIDE). principles are our values: Drive and Excellence They guide our behaviour, shape our culture, and inform our relationships with our clients, our stakeholders and each other. They are the platform from which we deliver our purpose and underpin our employee-ownership model. 14 We put into practice our values and demonstrate leadership through our actions and behaviours. These, together with health and safety and wellbeing, are embedded in how we conduct ourselves in running and managing the business and how we value our employees. The reputation and future success of our business are built on integrity and trust. We provide annual training on ethical and compliance behaviour to all staff and enhanced workshop training for staff most at risk of encountering ethical issues. The culture of our geographically dispersed business is defined both by top-level leadership and by local line management. Our corporate values inform what is expected of employees' attitudes and behaviours. Employees are encouraged to report any behaviours that are not in line with our values through their HR representatives, management or through our independent whistleblowing hotline. These are all investigated and then acted on where necessary. We seek feedback from staff through a biennial survey which allow!; our lcad0rship to monitor trends, gauge how well policies are being implemented and collect employee views. We put in place action plans to address common issues. The projects we deliver centre on improving people's but can have adverse impacts on communities and the environment. We recognise those impacts and mitigate them by embedding sustainability and social outcomes into our project delivery. lives We seek feedback from our clients and wider stakeholders on our impact, behaviours and effectiveness. We have various forms of interactive communication channels and thought leadership to share ideas and opinions, promote knowledge and innovation, focus on social outcomes in our project delivery, and promote technical and professional excellence. Principle 2 - Board composition Effective board composition requires an effective chair and a balance of skills, backgrounds, experience and knowledge, with individual directors having sufficient capacity to make a valuable contribution. The size of the board should be guided by the scale and complexity of the company. Composition 2021 During 2021, the Board had six executive directors, with a variety of skills and experience. The size of the Board is limited to eight by the company's Articles of Association. The structure comprises a mix of executive directors working in central Group roles and directors who, while

Highlight [page 16]: being leaders of material business segments in the Group, also fulfil the role of executive directors on the Board. The directors have a broad range of skills and experience with differential and complementary skill sets. The blend of skills is a key feature in ensuring the Board's effectiveness. Appointments to the Board follow a formal process. The Board decides what components of the process to use, given the appointment. Applicants can be required to prepare a written submission, attend interviews, make presentations and respond to a formal set of questions. The process also involves a scoring assessment of applicants' attributes and skills, based on their knowledge, skills and experience, using criteria that are reviewed from time to time to reflect changes in the external business environment and changes in the needs of the Board. The Board's final decision on an appointment is then ratified by the Shareholders' Committee. As we have independent members on the Shareholders' Committee, the main governing body of the Board, the directors are currently assessing the need for the role of non-executive directors on the Board. At the end of 2021, Nick DeNichilo, who was the Group's General Manager for the North American business, retired from the Board. Cathy Travers was appointed as a director of the Executive Board on 1 January 2022. The resulting Board composition for 2022 is set out at the end of this principle. Also set out is the assessment carried out to determine that the resulting structure and composition of the Board for 2022 continues to have the right balance of competencies and skills, with appropriate experience, knowledge and governance. Evaluation Board members' strengths and development areas are reviewed from time to time using the Financial Reporting Council Guidance on Board Effectiveness as the framework, and through peer review of knowledge, skills and experience, using the same criteria as for new applicants. The Board works with external organisations to provide development for directors and leadership training on an individual and collective basis. The Board's effectiveness is periodically reviewed by independent external assessors, as part of succession planning. The conclusions summarise effectiveness and highlight where complementary or differential skill sets could be better blended to make the Board stronger as a team. An independent review of and development programme for the Board as a team was carried out in 2019 and again in 2021. A self-assessment by directors of their own individual performance and attributes and an assessment of those of their fellow directors was carried out in 2018 and 2019 and reviewed again in 2021. The results were shared with all Board members at a Board meeting and with the Shareholders' Committee to assist them with their ongoing assessment of Board performance and effectiveness. Diversity Although the Board is reasonably diverse in terms of knowledge, skills, experience and age, its balance in terms of gender and race can be improved. Changes in our own corporate culture as well as in the wider industry are slowly improving the retention and career progression of a more diverse workforce. However, the Group recognises its role to improve opportunity and outcomes at all levels, and for leading change. The Board is committed to diversity and is taking steps to improve practices and processes across the Group. Significant progress on gender and race has already been made across the business up to senior management and leadership positions. This approach is being developed to deliver a sustainable model for diversity of representation in key senior positions up to and including Executive Board and Shareholders' Committee level, the latter already having a broad range of nationalities, cultures and gender. Composition 2022 The Board has six directors. Nick DeNichilo retired from the Board at the end of 2021 and Cathy Travers was appointed in January 2022. The Articles of Association require between four and eight directors. From 1 January 2022, Cathy will retain her role as General Manager of the UK and European business as well as being an Executive Board director much in the same way as Nick DeNichilo operated as an Executive Board director while being General Manager of the North American business. Denise Bower continues as the External Engagement Director, but her role has been extended with responsibility for sustainability and climate change. As part of that minor restructuring, the Executive Chair, the Group Head of People and an external advisor analysed the 2022 Board. The analysis and results are set out below: • Competency Framework - an analysis has been carried out of the collective Board attributes. The analysis shows that there is no material overall difference between 2021 and 2022. The competency framework was developed based on: Lane4 interviews with senior staff; Lane4 advice; the loD competency framework, Institute of Directors 2016; the Competency Framework for Governance Professionals, The Chartered Governance Institute 15

Highlight [page 17]: 019 and The Successful Executives Handbook, PDI 1993. Competencies were evaluated as 360° by peers and individual self-assessments. • Talent Q Dimensions Report analysis carried out by Lane4. The analysis demonstrates that the new Board in 2022 will not be materially affected in terms of composite performance. In the financial statements, the directors and their roles for 2022 are listed on the inside back cover. The structure comprises executive directors working in central Group roles (Executive Chair, Managing Director, Strategy Director, Finance Director and External Engagement Director) and directors who, while being leaders of material business segments in the Group, also fulfil the role of executive directors on the Board. Their biographies are on the company's website (mottmac.com). Principle 3 - Director responsibilities The board and individual directors should have a clear understanding of their accountability and responsibilities. The board's policies and procedures should support effective decision-making and independent challenge. Accountability and effective decision-making The Executive Chair is responsible for leading the Board, ensuring that it discharges its duties efficiently and that it delivers the strategy agreed by the Board. The Group Managing Director is responsible for directing and controlling operations, managing the day-to-day business and ensuring it is aligned to the strategy. This distinction in the respective roles of the Executive Chair (strategy) and Managing Director (business operations) is key to governance and accountability. Significant decisions are generally made by reaching a consensus of the Board. Some decisions require the approval of the Shareholders' Committee, as documented in the company's Articles of Association. There is a protocol for voting at Board meetings and by the Shareholders' Committee, where voting is required on matters of strategic importance. Information and advice The Board and its committees are provided with information in a timely manner on matters that are to be considered at Board and committee meetings. Directors have access to the advice of the Group General Counsel who in his capacity as Company Secretary is responsible for advising the Board on all governance matters and ensuring that Board procedures are complied with. Directors can seek independent advice on the performance of their duties if necessary. 16 The Board also receives assurances from various in-house technical specialists that the company's financial reporting, risk management, governance and internal control processes, including policies mandating procedural requirements and standards, are operating effectively. It is the Board's responsibility to make sure that this assurance is delivered and that the means to deliver it is adequately resourced and effectively managed. Discharging responsibilities The directors delegate day-to-day management and decision making to senior management. However, delegation is subject to financial limits and other restrictions, above which matters must be referred back to the Board. The directors maintain oversight of performance and ensure that management acts in line with the strategy and plans agreed by the Board and its delegated authorities. Policies and processes embrace the Group's operating practices. Managers have the authority to make decisions and that authority is delegated as far as is practicable -but with clear accountabilities. Some matters involving risk are escalated in accordance with clear guidelines on evaluation and authority to approve. The Group operates a business management system, STEP, that sets out the policies and procedures of the Group and the decision-making and authority framework. This determines our levels of delegated authority and operated workflows. Committees of the Board The Board delegates responsibilities and activities to its committees to support the Board in meeting its responsibilities effectively, efficiently and on a timely basis. The purpose of each committee is explained on page 13, showing how they support the Board to meet its responsibilities. The terms of reference and composition of each committee are reviewed annually, agreed by the Board and ratified by the Shareholders' Committee. The committees monitor and report to the Board on their remits, making recommendations on policies, strategies and initiatives, with the Board retaining ultimate responsibility for any decisions made. In 2021, to reflect the growing importance of diyit8I innovation in the wider industry and in the company, a Digital Committee of the Board was created and chaired by the Executive Chair. Similarly, to reflect the growing importance of sustainability and climate change a steering group has been established and is chaired by the director for engagement, sustainability and climate change.

Highlight [page 18]: n the first quarter of 2022, a Management Board has been created to take on the current activities of the Operations Committee and some of the activities of the Strategy and Policy Committee. The purpose of this new structure is to increase the accountability for regional collaboration and generate more efficiency with how support functions assist the business operations. Further details of the Management Board are set out on page 13. The Shareholders' Committee The Shareholders' Committee is responsible for reviewing reports from the Board and contributing to discussion on strategic or operational matters to improve management of the business. It reviews and approves recommendations made by its sub-committees and by the Board, when such approvals are required. It consists mainly of senior employee shareholders selected with the aim of providing a balanced representation from different parts of the global business. It also typically includes two independent members whose role is to enhance discussion and decision-making. Executive Board directors are not members of the Shareholders' Committee or its sub-committees. They attend meetings to explain principles, deliver information and provide context to discussion. The Shareholders' Committee delegates responsibilities and activities to its sub-committees, which support the Shareholders' Committee in meeting its agenda effectively, efficiently and on a timely basis. The purpose of each sub-committee is set out on page 13, showing how they support the Shareholders' Committee to meet its responsibilities. The terms of reference and composition of each sub-committee are reviewed annually and agreed by the Board and the Shareholders' Committee. Principle 4 - Opportunity and risk The board should promote the long-term sustainable success of the company by identifying opportunities to create and preserve value and by establishing oversight to identify and mitigate risks. Opportunity and value The Group creates value through developing information for our clients. The processes for developing information urc mointnincd in our STEP busines::; mnnogement system. The information we develop takes many forms but typically we generate reports, models and designs. We also support clients by managing programmes of work and providing assurance with respect to the work of others. We select the markets we seek to work in, through selective focus and where we assess we can build long-term value. Our approach is to focus on clients that offer sustained addressable opportunity in our chosen sectors. We assign client account leaders to have oversight of the clients' development plans and to maintain high levels of client satisfaction through our services. The Board has responsibility for determining the nature and extent of the risk it is willing to take. This is recorded the Group Risk Appetite. It is also responsible for ensuring that risks are managed effectively. Managing business risk . in Business risks are treated by the Board's Risk Committee. Each business risk is managed by the Three Lines of Defence Model and mitigations recorded by individual risk treatment plans. The Group's principal risk themes are noted on pages 9 and 10. The newly appointed Chief Risk Officer reports to the Board's Risk Committee on risk exposure in the business three times a year. In addition, risks related to health, safety and ethics are reported at each meeting of the Board. An Ethics and Compliance Officer for the Group, who reports through the Group General Counsel to the Executive Chair, has oversight of investigations into alleged breaches of our code of conduct and any significant process failure. In addition to Board oversight, the Shareholders' Committee has an Audit and Risk Assurance sub-committee which requires an assessment of risks to be presented at each of its three meetings a year and a report on any ethical matters arising. Managing project risks before contract Managing project risk starts at the work-winning stage. Achieving the appropriate balance between risk and opportunity is first assessed at the decision to invest in a relationship; secondly at decision to pursue a potential prospect and finally at the point of a decision to submit a proposal for a specific opportunity. These judgements are based upon assessments by client account leaders who build a good understanding of clients' business plans, culture and likely fit with our own risk appetite. We then assess each prospect for its complexity to identify the level of control thot is required for project delivery nnd the required competence of the project leadership team. That determines the right mix of project controls specialists and commercial managers needed in the team to support the project manager and project principal. For more compleic projects, the project principal is supported by an oversight board. 17

Highlight [page 19]: We undertake due diligence on our supply chain before contracting with them. Where risks related to technical competence, business ethics, modern slavery, sanctions, export controls or safeguarding are high, further work is carried out to seek to ensure that the association with the supplier will enhance, not damage, our reputation. The Group identifies attributes related to material technical and commercial risks for which special approvals are required to take the risk before a tender can be submitted. Managing project risk after contract Project risk is managed through STEP which is ISO 9001:2015 compliant. It defines our approach to project delivery and is mandated for all projects in the Group. STEP is compliant with ISO standards for health and safety, environment, anti-bribery management, risk, information security and collaborative working. Our new ERP system. Connect Business, was rolled out across the UK in 2020 after a successful rollout in the US and Canada; thus, now covering two thirds of our global operations by revenue. Connect Business supports improved risk management, providing an integrated risk register within each project. During delivery, the register is live, giving improved visibility of current risks and improved project management. The improved visibility can also inform project support requirements and improve business planning through aggregated views of risks. Monthly project review meetings together with annual project reviews are carried out by the project teams. They monitor risk and uncertainty and update the risk register, project budget and project delivery plan. Performance is also monitored at a senior management level using exception reports, which identify anomalies that need to be investigated, evaluated and followed up. Compliance with our quality systems is managed through our quality in-house specialists, who carry out audits and reviews of the application of our system, and through external auditors, who are currently DNV. We have a single contract for our global operations and receive consistent assessment of the quality of our compliance to STEP. The Group's external and internal financial auditors consider the effectiveness of controls in this area, with matters arising for improvement reported to the Board and the Audit and Risk Assurance sub-committee. 18 Principle 5 - Remuneration The board should promote executive remuneration structures aligned to the long-term sustainable success of the company, taking into account pay and conditions elsewhere in the company. Consistency and control We operate a consistent and equitable approach to remuneration. We reward our employees fairly and participate in industry benchmarking to ensure individuals are paid competitively and that their pay progresses fairly and in line with our markets and locations as their careers advance. Benchmarking means that we can minimise retention risks and ensure we can make attractive and competitive offerings in our chosen markets and locations, which are essential for attracting and retaining the best talent. Remuneration management, governance and oversight run through our regional structures with central advice, support and counsel provided by our Group Head of Reward. Oversight of the regional teams and governance for recommendations and proposals, such as the annual pay review, sit with the Board. is Remuneration and Equity sub-committee A Remuneration and Equity sub-committee which reports to the Shareholders' Committee reviews and approves Board proposals on remuneration and equity, including: • percentage pay review amounts by geography and/or sector; • the size and allocation of the discretionary bonus pool for employees and the criteria for awarding bonuses; • compensation proposals for the Directors of the Board; • annual share allocations to business units to use to offer shares to their employees to buy; • annual share offers to the executive directors of the company to buy; and • the annual dividend and the size and allocation of discretionary bonus pools to distribute to employee shareholders. All such proposals are based on the performance Group, the business segment and the individual. of the Performance is defined with agreed goals and targets and measured via metrics such as revenue growth, profit growth, profitability, working capital, ethics and collaboration, as well as the development and demonstration of professional and technical excellence. Goals are reviewed quarterly via a quarterly review process called 'Connected Conversations'.

Highlight [page 20]: Directors and independent members The sub-committee reviews the remuneration of Executive Directors, as well as the allocation of shares for them to buy. That provides an effective control over their remuneration and equity, ensuring a measured and justified value proposition. Their remuneration and shares allocation (to buy) is based on the same performance principles as those used for staff. The sub-committee also reviews and appraises the Board's current policies and mechanisms for reward and considers proposals by the Board to change them for the better interests of the company, its employees and stakeholders. Independent members are remunerated for the services they perform. In line with recommended practice, an important pillar of corporate governance is that they are not given the opportunity to buy shares. This helps to ensure that they'are independent and objective. Equality, diversity and inclusion (EDI) We support the UK government's move to address the gender pay gap and although we are confident that men and women are paid equally for doing the same jobs across our UK business, we also recognise the need to address the gender pay gap and are resolute in doing so. We apply those principles and that objective across the Group. Our ambition is to create a diverse and inclusive workplace and culture and to attrqct and retain a wide diversity of talent across the Group. We also provide advice, support ar;i_d<;:9un~e!.to_9ur leaders so they can support greater EDI via regional EDI networks and our Group Head of EDI. EDI dashboards provide detailed data and insights into the full employee lifecycle. The dashboards support us in our aim for our EDI efforts to be data-driven and intelligence-led across all aspects of diversity. These tools allow us to tailor our efforts to the unique nature of our different business units and focus activity where it will have the most impact. We are also using the dashboard data to inform unit EDI action plans. Principle 6 - Stakeholder relationships and engagement Directors should foster effective stakeholder relationships aligned to the company's purpose. The board is responsible for overseeing meaningful engagement with stakeholders, including the workforce, and having regard to their views when taking decisions. Regular engagement with stakeholders ensures that our strategy, plans and initiatives continue to work in the best interest of the Group, and the clients, communities and individuals it serves. We continue to draw on the insight of our clients, advisors, peers and colleagues (employees and employee shareholders) to inform decision-making. Among other activity highlighted in the following summary, we also engaged a large cross-section of stakeholders, both internal and external to the business, in creating the landscape to use to refresh our corporate strategy in 2022. The climate conference in Glasgow in November 2021 also presented an opportunity for us to join world leaders to agree immediate, practical steps to halve global emissions over the next decade. With our clients and broader stakeholders, we engaged in the Resilience Hub, partnered with one of the largest business-focused side events in the Sustainable Innovation Forum and supported the UK Green Building Council and World Green Building Council. In line with our pledge to be net zero by 2040 or earlier, we committed to making sure that the opportunities provided by COP26 are leveraged to their fullest. With our employees The directors have regular engagement with employees to ensure that they are informed of the Group's strategic direction and are aware of its performance. We are extremely proud that Connected Conversations - our new global approach for supporting progress, performance and development - saw greater than 95% adoption right across the business in its first year. Details of employee engagement are required to be set out in the directors' report and can be found on page 23. With our employee shareholders The Board maintains a schedule of engagement with shareholders who, apart from the Employee Trust, are all employees and the only shareholders in the business. There are no external shareholders and there is no external funding from indirect ownership or influence. We are an independent privately owned company. The purpose of engagement with shareholders is to align their interests with the Group's interests, and to keep them briefed on the Group's performance, the delivery of strategy, material initiatives and company news. It also helps to ensure that the directors take their views into account in making decisions to act in the best interests of the company, its shareholders and wider stakeholders, promoting its long-term success in doing so. This includes the directors providing: • quarterly business reviews for shareholders to brief them on the company's progress, highlighting success and areas for improvement. The purpose is to recognise their contribution and improve performance;

Highlight [page 21]: an annual performance review for shareholders to highlight results for the year and areas for improvement. The purpose is to improve business performance and provide more effective engagement; • a summarised strategy for shareholders. The purpose is to improve their knowledge of our objectives and value proposition, and enrich the quality of local client and stakeholder engagement; • three virtual shareholder meetings during the year covering the annual results and business review, strategy and major engagements and initiatives. This includes a 'question and answer' session with the Board; and • regional forums for shareholders as senior employees. The purpose is to engage with them in recent developments and initiatives either for the Group or their business. This improves engagement and drives better performance and unity. With our clients Our ability to understand and respond to the needs of our clients and our clients' clients is core to our business. The directors' strategic and integrated approach to external engagement ensures that we are proactively managing our relationships with the outside world and using intelligence gained to inform decision-making and enable excellence. In support of this, the senior leadership maintains a diverse programme of engagement with our clients for productive, long-term relationships. The Group external engagement programme includes, but is not limited to, our clients and our clients' clients. It is core to our business. Our external engagement ensures that the directors: • engage with the broader industry to help steer our business and test our positions as a business; • progress thought leadership across areas that matter to our clients and Mott MacDonald; • roll a programme of executive-to-executive engagement with key clients to inform our understanding of potential changes to client needs or client-side behaviour; • visit key business locations or use alternative engagement such as e-comms, to meet clients and employees, to get an informed view of local markets, the local business and the quality of our brand; • run client satisfaction questionnaires for individual clients to get their views on service provision supporting us to learn, improve and pull their feedback into our development plans; and • participate in the pursuit of major prospects and the management of key clients via regional panels or client-facing activity. 20 With our partners The directors maintain regular engagement with partners such as suppliers, business partners and other market players or academic bodies to discuss key specific issues with them. This enables all parties to better understand and address key issues and initiatives for the benefit of all concerned and improve decision-making for better quality outcomes on both sides. This includes the directors: • meeting with our relationship banks during the year to brief them on strategy, performance and relevant themes, to give them assurance on the quality of our management, performance and strategy; • meeting with the advisers and trustees of our pension schemes to share updates on pension funding and to brief the trustees on the Group's performance and prospects; • meeting with larger suppliers on a regular basis to ensure that there is a fair value proposition for both parties while maintaining quality and rigour in our working arrangements; • participating in the activities of academic institutions through governing and advisory boards, and staying in touch with academics relevant to the activities of the business; • meeting with our key joint venture partners to ensure strong relationships are maintained; and • meeting with key government bodies to establish and maintain strong relationships and to help inform future strategy. With wider stakeholders The directors maintain regular enqaqement with wider stakeholders to enhance market focus and promote the company effectively. In 2021 we launched our 'This is the future' campaign hub. This purpose-driven campaign seeks to challenge us and our stakeholders to think about how we can bring the widest possible benefit - from the projects we work on, the relationships we build and the ways we invest. It sets out what we see as the big opportunities for transformative change and the areas where we want to engage our stakeholders in inclusive discussion. Other activities include: • updating our corporate positions and commitments related to global issues to reflect changes in global targets, aligning either with global campaigns or an improved understanding; • using different media, contributing our colleagues' knowledge and expertise to discussion and debate on key issues impacting markets and stakeholders;

Highlight [page 22]: maintaining the Mott MacDonald corporate website and other websites that communicate with clients, stakeholders and wider society to promote our purpose, capabilities and values; and • by participating in platforms that seek to influence global agendas such as the Race to Zero, the Coalition for Climate Resilient Investment (CCRI), the Powering Past Coal Alliance and as a platform partner of the World Economic Forum - which includes our champion level recognition in the Alliance of CEO Climate Leaders. Further, specific examples of how the directors have engaged with employees, clients and wider stakeholders in the course of their duties and having regard to this engagement and their views in making decisions and ensuring the success of the company are set out in the S172 statement in the strategic report on pages 10 and 11.