
Highlight [page 12]: Statement of corporate governance arrangements The company has adopted the Wates Corporate Governance Principles for large private companies as its corporate Governance Framework. The application of this code in the company is as follows: Principle Application Purpose and leadership An effective board develops and promotes the purpose of a company, and ensures that its values, strategy and culture align with that purpose. The board actively seeks the views of its stakeholders, see the table Engaging with Stakeholders in the strategic report for further details. The company is organised into four trading divisions, each with a Managing Director and a management team who maintain regular dialogue with employees. Each division has created its own set of values and culture within the broad guidelines set by the Motus organisation. The company subscribes to SafeCall which is a confidential anonymous tip-off line which can be used by employees to report concerns about misconduct and unethical practices. Senior managers complete an annual declaration of any conflicts of interest and all attendees at board and operational board meetings are asked to declare any potential conflicts of interest before the start of any meeting. Board composition Effective board composition requires an effective chair and a balance of skills, backgrounds, experience and knowledge, with individual directors having sufficient capacity to make a valuable contribution. The size of a board should be guided by the scale and complexity of the company. The roles of Chairman and Chief Executive of the company are separate. There are currently six Directors of the company, four executive Directors based and working in the business and two further Directors based in South Africa. Director briefings on the statutory duties and responsibilities of directors have been presented during the reporting year. When appropriate training is made available to new directors via the Institute of Directors. Continuing director training and development is delivered both within and outside of the boardroom. Within the boardroom, the Board receive updates and presentations on current operational matters and specific initiatives within the business. These presentations also provide an opportunity to benefit from the input of other Board members on matters within their area of the business. There are regular reviews of the board composition and changes are made when considered appropriate. The Directors' names are listed on page I of the financial statements. Director responsibilities The board and individual directors should have a clear understanding of their accountability and responsibilities. The board's policies and procedures should support effective decision-making and independent challenge. The board delegates accountability and responsibility for the business to the CEO who in turn delegates this to his direct reports. A delegated authority document details the extent to which delegation is granted. Monthly divisional review meetings are conducted and key decisions are debated and challenged as appropriate. The company has an Audit Committee which meets twice each year to consider the control environment and the integrity of company reporting. Divisional Audit Committee meetings take place twice each year in advance of the main

Highlight [page 13]: Director responsibilities (continued) The company has an internal audit function and engages external advisors to test the systems and controls in place in the business and any weaknesses are reported to the Audit Committee. The Board considers that the Group's governance structures and processes are fit for purpose and support good decision making by the Board. Opportunity and risk A board should promote the long-term sustainable success of the company by identifying opportunities to create and preserve value, establishing oversight for the identification and mitigation of risks. The company recognises that its long-term success relies on maintaining and building strong relationships with its various stakeholders, including in particular, its customers, shareholders, brand partners, suppliers and employees. In making decisions which are for the benefit of the members as a whole over the long term the Board also consider the interests of key stakeholder groups and seek to arrive at conclusions, which do not adversely impact those groups. As a franchise partner to global automotive manufacturers, the company is focused on building and maintaining excellent brand partner relationships. The company's recent success and growth has been based on strong and growing relationships with its brand partners. The directors are mindful that entrepreneurial creativity and responsiveness is a strong competitive advantage and every effort is made to integrate governance processes in the least bureaucratic way possible. The board assess risk and monitors the risk management process through risk review sessions at least twice a year which involve presentation of UK risk profile containing the most important operational, strategic, regulatory, financial and people risks currently facing the Company. Remuneration A board should promote executive remuneration structures aligned to the long-term sustainable success of a company, taking into account pay and conditions elsewhere in the company Directors' remuneration is set at market rates and is flexed in line with the achievement of targets set by the Directors' manager within the remuneration structure within the wider Motus Group. Stakeholder relationships and engagement Directors should foster effective stakeholder relationships aligned to the company's purpose. The board is responsible for overseeing meaningful engagement with stakeholders, including the workforce, and having regard to their views when taking decisions. Please see the table Engaging with Stakeholders in the strategic report.