
Highlight [page 8]: Wates Principles of Co~porate Governance Purpose Moy Park's vision is to become the best and most respect.ed company in our industry, creating the opportunity of a better future for our team members through living our seven values of Determination, Simplicity, Availability, Humility, Sincerity, Ownership and Discipline. The Group believes that a strong and successful business generates value for both owners and the wider society. As a result the Group has implemented and applied the Wates Principles ·of Corporate Governance. • Senior Management Team The team comprises of individuals with diverse backgrounds, skills and experience. Together they have a wealth of knowledge of the food sector necessary to provide effective governance and o_versightof the Group. • Chris Kirke - President; • Flavio Maln!'lrcic - CFO; • Justin Coleman - Agri Business and Live Production Services Director; • Keith Irvine - Fresh Poultry Business Unit Director; • Ursula Lavery -Technical and R&D Director Europe; • Andrew Richards -·European Commercial Retail &.Prepared Foods Business Unit Dire·ctor; • Jean-Marc Spanghero - Prepared Foods Business Unit Director Foodservice; and • Kirsty Wilkins - HR & Performance Director. Responsibilities The Senior Management Team is responsible for the long term sustainability of the Group for the benefit. of its stakeholders including employees, suppliers, customers, shareholders and local communities. The team's objectives are to implement the Group's strategy, drive excellence in all areas, lead by example and hold each other to account. Their activities would include but are not limited to the following: • Set the Group's strategic and operating plans; • Approve appointments to the senior team; • Ensure compliance with corporate governance, legal, statutory and regulatory requirements; • Monitor risks and internal controls; • • Review adequacy of the Group's whistle blowing arrangements; • Approve treasury policy and changes to capital structure; • Approve dividends;

Highlight [page 9]: • Approve annual budgets, interim management & finan~ial·statements; and • Assessthe G_roup'sgoing concern. To ensure that the Senior Management Team are well positioned to implement the above, they receive training in areas such as legal and regulatory updates where appropriate. Risk Management The Risk Management team continually assess and evaluate risks through discussions, workshops and surveys with senior operational and functional management. The consolidated Group Risk Register is updated when appropriate and discussed with the relevant member of the Senior Management Team for consideration and approval. The Three Lines Model is embedded into processes and procedures. Risk assessments include health & safety, food safety, animal welfare, cyber security, legal and financial control functions. Remuneration The Group's remuneration principles ensure that pay is fair, equitable, a_lignedto the Group's purpose and promotes the long term success of the company. Remuneration· includes both short term and long term performance related targets which consider reputational and behavioural risks as well as financial performance. It is also competitive in order to retain and attract high perfor.ming individuals. Stakeholders The Group regularly engages with stakeholders to make informed decisions thus ensuring successful long term outcomes. • Shareholders• Regular meetings are held with Moy Park's parent company to ensure that our overall strategy and performance aligns to that of the Pilgrim's Pride Group; • Employees• Communications with employees are via engagement surveys, values workshops, regular briefings and updates. A Moy Park App is also available to employees where they can access the latest company news including well being, results of surveys, policies and benefits. The Group also engage with Unions o.n a regular basis; • Customers - Moy Park's strategy is.to become a valued partner to key customers. Dedicated account managers would have daily interaction with such customers to support their requirements; • Suppliers - Moy Park has strategic relationships with certain key suppliers and the procurement team manages the day to day operational activities; and • Community - Moy Park supports a range of comn:,unity projects and employees regularly participate in local events.