
Highlight [page 40]: Corporate governance statement For the year ended 31 March 2022 For the year ended 31 March 2022, under The Companies (Miscellaneous Reporting) Regulations 20 I 8, the Company has adopted the Wates Corporate Governance Principles for Large Private Companies. The principles below have been applied throughout the year ended 31 March 2022. Purpose and leadership Our purpose and values are the long term fundamentals of our business, they are what motivate us and drive how we behave. Our purpose is to deliver exceptional service and support environmental and social well-being for the communities we serve through our commitment to deliver: "Power for life, Power for future generations". This perfectly aligns our business practices with our purpose. The Board has defined our values in a Values matrix (see below) which drive the attitudes and behaviours of our workforce. These values and behaviours are intrinsically linked to the Company's culture which in turn enables us to deliver our purpose. Our purpose is supported by our policies, processes and procedures throughout the company so that they are aligned to our values to create a unified shared culture. Our purpose and values are essential to the effective and efficient operation of our core business to provide safe and reliable electricity supplies to our customers who rely on us each and every day. The service we provide is critical to the lives and livelihoods of the communities that we serve. ln order to fulfil our purpose of delivering the needs of our customers and communities, we listen to our stakeholders and have an extensive stakeholder engagement programme that is explained in more detail in the 'Stakeholder relations and engagement' section below. The Board is confident that they have defined and articulated the purpose and values that goes to the heart of WPD in that we are a purpose led group with our values developed in conjunction with our workforce and other stakeholders over many years.

Highlight [page 41]: Purpose and leadership (continued) The Board is determined to ensure that the Company's culture is aligned with our purpose and values. As a step towards this, one of the initiatives launched during the year was the launch of the Social Contract. WPD was the first ONO group to develop a Social Contract as a vehicle for delivering social and environmental value for our employees, customers and wider society. Co-created with stakeholders, the Social Contract sets out our ambitions to maximise the positive impact of everything we do as a Company, with an action plan containing commitments in three strategic areas: 'Empowered Communities', 'Employer of Choice' and 'Environmental Steward'. We have always been clear that WPD has a 'Social Contract' with our communities and employees in the form of our purpose. As a Company we have been delivering on this principle for many years. However, the document launched this year is the first time we have consolidated and formalised our efforts within a single document. The Social Contract will provide a framework for ongoing responsible business practice that enables WPD to demonstrate the delivery of our purpose. We operate a flat management structure which makes decision making and problem solving much quicker and empowers employees to act within an agreed framework of authority. The Board recognises the important contribution made by all employees in delivering our purpose. Our values are constantly reinforced to employees through various internal communications such as our in-house magazine, regular news updates and direct emails from the Chief Executive and other executive directors of the Company and from the Chief Executive of the ultimate parent, National Grid. During the year the Chief Executive has visited various workforce groups throughout the Company. The other directors have also actively engaged with the workforce through casual and formal methods. This engagement has enabled the Board to get invaluable insights into the culture of the Company and how it is developing. Our senior leadership conferences, presented by the Chief Executive and other executive directors to the senior management, help strengthen our values and support open dialogue between the executives and the senior management team. This is an effective way of strengthening the feedback from senior managers and cascading key messages by the executive directors throughout the organisation and ensuring all colleagues can contribute to delivering the Company's purpose. The insight gained from the engagement with all stakeholders allows the directors to monitor the values through their attitudes, behaviours and the culture of the Company. This guides the Board to make decisions which are in the interests of all stakeholders. Board composition Balance and diversity The Board comprises four executive directors, two non-executive directors and two Sufficiently Independent Directors ("SIDs"). SID's are independent directors that meet the criteria set by Ofgem for independence under the distribution licence. The two non-executive directors are part of the senior management team of the WPD Group shareholder, National Grid. The designation of the executive director roles are Chief Executive, Operations Director, Finance Director and Resources and External Affairs Director. All the executive directors are experienced in their respective roles and responsibilities. Key functions of the business are reflected within the organisational structure of the Group and fall within three broad areas i.e. Operations/Logistics, Resources & External Affairs and Finance/IT. The size of the Board is aligned to the organisational structure of the Group with each executive director responsible for the oversight of its relevant area under the overall leadership of the Chief Executive.

Highlight [page 42]: Balance and diversity (continued) The two SID's provide the Board with independent challenge and input to the decision making process. The SID's bring to the Board a wealth of experience and knowledge in the utility and regulatory sector and other business and organisations outside of the energy sector. The SID's involvement in the governance framework is demonstrated through the establishment of the Corporate Governance Committee during the year. During Board meetings the SID's are able to bring their extensive skills and experience to offer constructive independent challenge. Their inputs support the Board in considering the wider range of stakeholder's in the business. In addition, the non-executive directors fulfil their responsibility in offering constructive challenge by regularly attending board meetings of the Company. The non-executive directors possess the necessary skills and experience of the utility sector and wider business sectors to provide oversight and constructive challenge in relation to the implementation of strategy in accordance with the system of governance and risk appetite. Outside of formal meetings, the SID's and non-executive given access to relevant updates, including invitations constructive feedback. directors are provided with timely information and to meetings, where they are encouraged to offer In addition to attending Board meetings, the Sill's regularly attend the group holding company board meetings and in doing so gain an understanding of matters at the group level and the views of the Shareholder. Outside of formal meetings the SIDs are provided with timely information and given access to relevant updates, including invitations to meetings, on which they are encouraged to offer constructive feedback. The SIDs and the non-exeL:utive din:cturs have access to the Company Secretary and to legal advisors funded by the WPD Group. As with all Board members, the SID's and non-executive directors have the authority to request Board meetings. During the current year. two female directors were appointed to the Board of the WPD non executive directors. This increased the ratio of female directors on the board to 37.5%. The Hampton-Alexander review, an independent voluntary and business led initiative supported by the Government to increase the representation of women in senior leadership positions and on Boards, set a target of 33% women representation on FTSE 350 Boards and FTSE 350 senior leadership teams by end of2020 which although the Company is not required to do so. has exceeded this target. A detailed profile of our Board can be found on our website at the link below: https: v\\\.v\. \\estc:rnpo½er.co.uk about-us. meet-our-cxecuti\· e-tearn All directors have equal voting rights when making Board decisions with the Chair of the meeting having a casting vote. Chair Although there is no permanent appointment of the Board's Chair it is usual practice for the Chief Executive to be appointed the Chair at each Board Meeting. The Chief Executive is the President of Electricity Distribution within the National Grid management organisation and as such has extensive engagement with the shareholder. Through this engagement he is well placed to identify and facilitate the views of the ultimate shareholder. The Board believes this is a valuable part of the overall corporate governance framework which is appropriate for a subsidiary company that is part of a larger group and provides greater benefits than separating the roles of the Chair and Chief Executive.

Highlight [page 43]: Appointments The Chief Executive is appointed by the Group shareholder, National Grid. The appointment of the Chief Executive and the other directors follows the National Grid policy on the "Appointment of Directors of Subsidiary Companies Procedure" (the "Appointments Procedure"). This is to ensure that appointments and changes to the composition of the boards of directors of subsidiary companies within the National Grid Group are fully evaluated in a consistent manner that can be reviewed for compliance with statutory requirements. It also ensures an appropriate level of representation and the provision of the right skills and experience on relevant company boards. Other executive directors, SIDs and non-executive directors' appointments are approved with the support of the Chief Executive in line with the Appointments Procedure. The process followed for nomination of the directors involves consideration of the relevant skills, expertise, experience, professional background and various other personal attributes. The Executive Council, consisting of the Chief Executive plus the other executive directors, is responsible for the succession planning within WPD. Newly appointed directors undertake an induction programme which is tailored to their specific needs. The Board ensures their knowledge is current and relevant through a variety of means such as attending training programmes and appropriate industry conferences, holding memberships of relevant institutes. completing technical training updates and attending meetings with various industry participants e.g. regulators. investors and banks. The executive directors adopt a hands on leadership style and regularly meet with their management teams to ensure that they are updated on the latest business developments and have immediate access to the current information. Directors' responsibility Accountability and discharge of responsibilities There are well-defined policies, as approved by the Board, clearly establishing the overall duties and liabilities of the directors, the areas of responsibility and accountability for each director, the process for delegation of authority by the Board and the matters reserved for the Board. Policies have been established that define the framework within which we expect managers and employees to operate. These policies represent one of the means through which decisions on stakeholder interests are enacted and there is a robust process in place for the regular review and update of policies and processes to ensure they remain relevant and fit for purpose. There are four principal Board meetings for the WPD Group each year. In addition, there are DNO Board meetings through out the year. If the need arises, the directors can call additional meetings at any time, organised through the Company Secretary. The Board receives and is updated on all key and important business information by the executive directors at the Board meetings.

Highlight [page 44]: Accountability and discharge of responsibilities (continued) Overall operational responsibility of the Company lies with the Chief Executive. The Chief Executive fulfils this responsibility in conjunction with and through oversight of the other executive directors. Regular formal meetings, known as the Executive Council, consist of the Chief Executive plus the other executive directors. This acts as a forum for the discussion of business performance, strategic considerations and identification of matters to be considered by the Board. Other senior management may attend the meetings for the purpose of providing updates to the directors. Any key items are circulated and communicated to the Board in a timely manner. Ensuring we are prepared for and are taking account of future changes and market conditions is a key factor in delivering our long term strategy and delivering long term stakeholder value. For this purpose, the Executive Council convenes an annual strategic review where strategic direction and forward looking plans for the WPD Group are discussed. The executive directors are responsible for the organisational performance of their directorate and are accountable to the Chief Executive and the Board. Executive directors regularly meet with their respective senior management teams to discuss matters impacting the Company. Key Performance Indicator ("KP[") monitoring is delegated to senior managers who report directly to their respective executive director. In order to operate efficiently and to give the right level of attention and consideration to relevant matters, while maintaining complete oversight of their area of accountability, the executive directors empower senior management to take operational decisions, apply their knowledge and utilise their industry experience in the day to day management of the business. The directors are conscious of the changing reporting and governance landscape and are committed to fulfilling their responsibilities effectively by ensuring that their skills and knowledge are refreshed and updated regularly. There is an established code of ethics policy of the Company which is adhered to by all the employees including the executive directors. The executive directors understand the importance of leading with integrity. Annual training on 'Standards of integrity', as endorsed by the Board, is mandatory for all staff including the executive directors. Group policy sets out potential conflicts of interest and at each Board meeting the directors disclose any potential conflicts of interest in any of the Group transactions or arrangements. In addition the Company Secretary administers an annual process whereby the directors disclose any interests in related parties or any related party transactions. Governance committee A sub-committee of the Board with responsibility for Corporate Governance for the Company was established during the year. The sub-committee is charged with monitoring the Company's adherence to the six principles of the Wates Cc,de while fulfilling the Company's purpose of the delivery of exceptional service to our customers and the support of environmental and social well-being for all the communities we serve. As the majority of the Governance Committee membership is independent with the appointment of two Sill's, one of those is the Chair of the committee which ensures the independence of the committee. The members of the committee have the appropriate skills and experience to deliver high quality oversight in governance matters. The Board cQnsiders that the Governance Committee provides efficiency by being able to focus on governance matters during their meetings, of which there will be at least three during any financial year, to advise the Board so meaningful decision can be reached by the Board. The Board and it's sub-committee is supported by the Company Secretary who is available to all Board and committee members to provide guidance as required on all governance matters.

Highlight [page 45]: At the quarterly Board meetings, the Board receives information on all key aspects of the business including safety, environmental matters, risks (including cyber security threat) and opportunities, financial performance, strategic and regulatory matters, operational matters, market conditions, changes in the political landscape and updates on relevant technological developments. Board information is prepared by a centralised team and is subject to detailed review procedures at various levels of senior management prior to submission to the Board. Key financial information is taken from the Company's financial systems. Our finance team is appropriately qualified to ensure the integrity of this information and necessary training is provided to keep them up to date with statutory, regulatory and financial reporting requirements. WPD continues to operate a Sarbanes-Oxley ("the Act") compliance programme that is aligned to the needs of the parent company. In accordance with the requirements of the Act, our management team undertakes an annual assessment of internal controls over financial reporting. This includes ensuring all key financial processes have been documented with specific details on the controls in place. Key controls over financial reporting are periodically reviewed and tested by our Internal Audit team. Key regulatory information is prepared annually for submissions to the regulator, Ofgem. We have extensive internal data assurance and governance procedures and established policies for ensuring data integrity in respect of the information submitted. Data is compiled from source systems that have appropriate validation checks and is prepared, reviewed and approved by Company's experienced personnel. KP! information is available to management via the use of dashboards. This system interfaces directly with source systems and data and was implemented following extensive testing procedures on data accuracy. The Board's review of the information in relation to various areas of the business allows the directors to assess that systems, processes and procedures continue to operate effectively and assists in identif)'ing and strengthening governance arrangements. Opportunity and risk Opportunity We strive to create and preserve value over the long term by consistently providing outstanding customer service at an efficient cost by combining technical excellence and innovation within a clear organisational structure. Within the parameters of operating within a regulated environment, the Board identifies and evaluates relevant opportunities to create long term value for the Company and its stakeholders. The Board has overseen the development of WPD's RIIO-ED2 business plan and ensured the plan is constructed to take full account of the UK Government's published plans to achieve Net Zero Carbon Emissions by 2050 with phased targets for 2030 and 2040. It is based on detailed and extensive consultation with over 25,000 stakeholders at over 280 events. WPD's skill and wide experience of adapting to change and investing in innovation has demonstrated our ability to adopt new technologies to create an ever more cost-effective electricity network. We will continue to make full use of that experience and expertise as we provide consumers with the network strength to cope with a range of increased new demand and accommodate increased input from green power generation.

Highlight [page 46]: Opportunity (continued) To enable stakeholders to achieve net zero our business plan for 2023 -2028 outlines how we will create a smart, flexible energy grid and facilitate the mass connection of LCTs including electric vehicle charging points, heat pumps and more locally sourced renewable generation, Many of these LCTs will be connected at lower voltages making it vital to ensure that there is sufficient capacity for the LCTs to connect. WPD will proactively identify parts of the network that are heavily loaded and provide more capacity. We will use smart meter data, increased amounts of network monitoring and enhanced analysis to identify where network reinforcement is required. We will also look at ways in which the LCT loads can be managed to make greatest use of existing network capacity which may involve steps including controlling when EVs are charged. Together these proactive actions will enable more LCTs to connect overall, in shorter timescales and at lower cost than if conventional reinforcement was required. Our business plan also actively supports the creation and expansion of community energy schemes, helping local communities to connect to green, renewable energy generation to help them decarbonise and lower their bills. Among our 42 core RllO-ED2 business plan commitments we have pledged to speed up the adoption of EVs, heat pumps and other LCTs by supporting initiatives such as the creation of robust and challenging Local Area Energy Plans as well as appointing four dedicated WPD Community Energy Engineers. Our own commitment to sustainability includes leading by example and reducing our own Business Carbon Footprint to net zero by 2028(excluding engineering network losses and scope 3 emissions). This will be delivered by reducing the amount of waste we send to landfill, adopting electric vehicles across our transport fleet to reduce emissions, significantly reducing harmful gas and oil leaks from our equipment and ensuring we actually enhance the local environment by delivering a net gain in biodiversity for new major projects and at selected primary substations. Based on feedback from our stakeholders, small scale UK based offsetting will also be used. Our intention for RIIO-ED2 is to develop a broad portfolio of UK based offsetting including habitat creation, for example tree planting. peatland and sea grass restoration, as well as local community based offsetting schemes such as solar for schools. All of our offsetting schemes will be UK based within our licence areas and therefore bring direct and tangible benefit to our customers and the communities which we serve. Affordability is one of four key priority areas highlighted in our Business Plan together with sustainability, connectability, and vulnerability. WPD is proposing to spend £6.7 billion across the five years of RIIO-ED2, which is an increase of£ 1.4 billions from current levels in RIIO-ED I. While investment will increase by 30% from RIIO-ED 1, the directors are committing to ensuring that we deliver our RllO-ED2 commitments while keeping our average domestic bills broadly flat. The directors aim to achieve this through insistence on absolute efficiency, driven largely by our industry-leading innovation and digitisation programmes and by instilling a culture across our business that maximises every opportunity to innovate and work smarter for our customers. With a view of furthering these exciting transformations across the energy sector, in November 2021 WPD set a Science Based Target ("SBT') which has been validated and accepted by the UN Science Based Target initiative ("SBTi"). By following the target WPD ensures that its activities limit the impact on global climate change to no more than a 1.5°C increase. WPD's SBT accounts for scope I and 2 carbon emissions (including losses). Scope 3 emissions are not currently included as they have consistently accounted for less than 40% of WPD's total emissions. For scope 3 emis$ions, during RIIO-ED2, we will aim to broaden our understanding of the impact which our scope 3 indirect emissions (Products, Goods and Services) have on our broader BCF and look to measure these.

Highlight [page 47]: Opportunity (continued) As the COVID-19 pandemic accelerated the global migration to digital operations, utilities continued to advance their digital capabilities. Customers are benefiting from more access to digital information to support their decision making and more digital ways of engaging. Some of the initiatives undertaken by the Group during the year are: WPD launched the Connected Data Portal which enabled WPD to become the first UK DNO to provide all customers and stakeholders open access to a range of its data on energy consumption, generation, network loads etc., further digitalising its customer interactions in areas such as applications for new connections and flexibility service provision. WPD developed and implemented a new low voltage planning tool, ConnectLV, supporting the digitalisation of connections for LCT through automation of planning to meet current and projected LCT connection volumes. The year 2021/22 saw WPD implement an established digital data architecture for the ingest of low voltage monitoring devices' data to enable real-time and historic network data to be used to optimise decisions in operational and planning timescales. Risk The WPD Board is responsible for the oversight of risk management and internal controls across the WPD group. The responsibility for internal controls cascades from the Chief Executive and the executive directors to senior management teams responsible for risk assessment and the implementation of appropriate mitigation. Managers are responsible for the identification of risks and the deployment of appropriate controls within their areas of responsibility. Policies are established, reviewed regularly and made available on the Group intranet to assist the managers with establishing an appropriate control environment. We consider the involvement of qualified and competent employees with the appropriate level of expertise throughout the business a key factor for implementing an effective internal control environment. Risk management is embedded into the organisational structure with specialist teams established to manage certain key risk areas. Specifically, we have long established teams reporting to senior managers responsible for health and safety, regulatory compliance, employee relations, cyber security, financial reporting and legal compliance. An enterprise risk management process is in operation with a focus on recognising emerging risks. Identification and consideration of significant and emerging risks and subsequent related decisions if any. are undertaken by the Executive Council. The Executive Council exercises suitable judgement as to any control decisions that merit Board attention. Emerging risks are regularly reported to the Board facilitating the oversight of the risk management process of the Company. Pages 23 to 30 of the Strategic report outlines the key risks and the related mitigating actions for the Company. We have an established Corporate Audit function reporting directly to the parent company Group Head of Audit. The Head of Corporate Audit attends and reports directly to the WPD Group Board members at their quarterly meetings.

Highlight [page 48]: Remuneration Executive remuneration is controlled by the ultimate parent company, National Grid. Further information on this is available within the Remuneration Report of National Grid pie's Annual Report and Accounts on pages 108 to 131. The remuneration policy applicable to the role of Chief Executive was set by the ultimate parent company. PPL Corporation until 13 June 2021 and is set by National Grid from 14 June 202 I. The level of remuneration of the other executive director roles is the responsibility of the WPD Chief Executive in consultation with the ultimate shareholder. Elements of directors' remuneration and further information on this is available from National Grid within the Remuneration Report of National Grid pie's Annual Report and Accounts on pages 108 to 13 L The remuneration of the Sill's is approved by the WPD Chief Executive Officer. The remuneration of the non-executive directors is determined by the shareholder, National Grid. The pay of the majority of WPD's wider workforce is consulted and agreed upon with the recognised trade unions, with the aim to ensun: that the terms and conditions are aligned to current industry practices and benchmarked against appropriate energy and comparator groups. Stakeholder relations and engagement The Board believes that the overall success of the business is dependent upon the way we work with our stakeholders and is fully committed to fostering effective stakeholder relationships that are aligned to the Company's purpose and strategy. Our key stakeholders are customers. other nehvork users, employees, regulators, suppliers and our shareholder. The Board actively promotes engagement and transparency with all these stakeholder groups and the executive directors ensure that a fair and balanced view of the Company's position is communicated to the relevant stakeholders. This is evident from the stakeholder engagement that is conducted for all our key initiatives and business commitments. the most significant being the stakeholder engagement conducted in producing our RIIO-ED2 business plan before final submission to Ofgem on I December 2021. Using a co-creation approach, we have developed the business plan from a blank sheet of paper, ensuring it is prepared with our customers. for our customers and contains ambitious, impactful commitments. Refer to pages 55 and 56 in the S 172 statement for more detail on how our RIIO-ED2 business plan was created.

Highlight [page 49]: Customers The Board strives to deliver the class leading service that our customers expect and is keen on continuing to support all our customers including our vulnerable customers. We have an established customer panel that meets quarterly and expert members represent a wide range of customers and other key stakeholder groups. The panel is attended by the Chief Executive and other directors and through the panel they seek honest and challenging customer views about the way we operate and our future plans. This level of engagement plays an important role in helping WPD achieve its purpose of delivering good value and quality service for its customers. This year improvements to the panel have included topic-specific surgeries between meetings on workforce resilience and LCTs. for example. Annually WPD hosts an array of workshops, webinars and surgeries to understand the needs of its stakeholders so that they are aligned with the strategic priorities of the group. During the year ended 31 March 2022. WPD held a week of topic specific workshops for stakeholders from a range of different backgrounds (including domestic, business, local authorities, developers, environmental, energy/utility, regulatory/government and voluntary sectors) as well as specific events for those interested in connections, heat pumps, community energy and local investment plans etc. This year we introduced hybrid events which allowed stakeholders to choose between attending in-person or remotely. Events still included breakout 'rooms' for stakeholders from a range of different backgrounds to share their views in a dynamic round table format. The Connection Customers Steering Group ("CCSG") is held three times a year to help inform and guide our strategic objectives and future plans for connections services. The CCSG is chaired by one of our Directors and is attended by connection stakeholders representing a cross-section of sectors. The CCSG covers a broad range of connections related topics and feeds into the development of our Incentive Connections Engagement ("ICE") plan for Ofgem's RIIO-ED I incentive. To address the challenges of engaging with end customers, who often have little prior knowledge of WPD, we have adopted an innovative tailored approach by developing customer knowledge over a prolonged period of research exercises and deliberative discussions. An enduring cohort of 96 customers have undergone a programme of research and focus groups over a number of months. enriching their understanding and ability to offer informed scrutiny of our plans. The directors' commitment, and in tum that of senior management and the wider workforce, of being proactive in customer engagement is evident from external assessment of customer service and engagement under the CSE Standard and BSI Standard for Inclusive Service Provision (BSl8477). For CSE, WPD has achieved an impressive total of 46 out of 57 'Compliance Plus' ratings. WPD was the first network group to achieve the BSI and has achieved 9 years of full compliance. Far from providing just validation, accreditations such as the CSE Standard and the BSI Standard continue to provide a level of independent scrutiny and perspective that pushes their impact way beyond - giving stakeholders the peace of mind that we are credible. responsible and demonstrably compliant. For details on engagement with vulnerable customers refer to page 31 of the Strategic report.

Highlight [page 50]: Stakeholder relations and engagement (continued) Employees Senior leadership conferences conducted by the executive directors and our internal communications through our in-house magazine, news bulletins and direct email updates from the executive directors are effective tools in engaging all employees. Through these communications employees are kept informed about the Company's goals, objectives. performance, plans and importantly how individuals are able to contribute towards the Company's purpose and strategy. In multiple recent internal publications and emails, engagement from employees on RIIO-ED2 was invited, a demonstration that the directors are proactively seeking employees' views on key business areas. In the leadership conferences, the directors provided the senior management team with a detailed update on the proposed RIIO-ED2 plan and openly invited feedback and comments. The directors recognise and acknowledge how important our staff is to our business performance and are keen to understand how colleagues feel and how best we can support and develop staff to ensure a happy and healthy workforce. This is evident from our RIIO-ED2 commitment to achieve an Investors in People ("IIP") accreditation. As part of the accreditation process, IIP will contact employees to find out what they think WPD does well and where improvements are required. The Board utilises staff opinion surveys as a key tool for assessing the effectiveness of communication and engagement across the workforce. Results of employee surveys are discussed at Board level and actions plans are communicated to staff. During the current year, WPD employees participated in the National Grid's annual engagement survey. This survey provided employees an opportunity to share their views on their experience of working in WPD. Each business unit and function will dive into the results and share results with the relevant employees. Relevant managers will have their own results dashboard which will enable them to take more meaningful action relevant to their respective team. During the year. the Chief Executive, met up with small groups of staff within the Group to hear their views on WPD. The sessions were attended by the staff across various roles and the staff were encouraged to be open and bring forward their suggestions to drive an overall performance improvement within the organisation. This direct feedback from the staff will be crucial in coming up with ideas. innovations and solutions to the many challenges and opportunities that we will have in the business going forward. In addition to this, as WPD continues to integrate with National Grid, direct emails from the Chief Executive have kept the workforce informed about all key decisions and milestones in relation to the integration process. Further, as the COVID-19 situation continued to develop during the year, the Chief Executive engaged with all employees keeping them informed and updated and encouraged the employees to contact him directly with any questions, concerns or suggestions. The Board acknowledges its responsibility towards its existing. as well as its retired. employees and thus WPD operates defihed benefit pension schemes for its employees who joined the schemes prior to them being closed for new members, and defined contribution schemes for all other employees. A representative Board of trustees is established for the pension schemes comprising representatives of the employer and plan participants. Assets held in trust are governed by UK regulations and practice and the schemes' investment strategy is decided by the Trustees in consultation with the employer. The Board is committed to the best interests of its employees. including past employees. and thus actively monitors the performance of its pension schemes. Relevant information is presented to the Board of Directors.

Highlight [page 51]: Employees (continued) Newly introduced 'Ask the Expert' sessions provide a platform for WPD employees to engage with colleagues and ask questions on key topics of interest such as smart meters and electric vehicles. Building the knowledge of all employees ensures we can lead the way in supporting our customers in the transition to net zero. Regulators The executive directors are actively involved in ensuring open and transparent communication with industry regulators, most notably Ofgem and the Health and Safety Executive ("HSE"). The directors engage with Ofgem with the overall aim of developing a regulatory price control framework that contains the right balance of customer focused outputs and economic incentives which help to deliver the Government's energy objectives and de-carbonisation targets. All key communications and engagements with Ofgem are discussed at Board meetings. Following the impact of COVID-19, WPD and the other DNOs worked with Ofgem to develop a collaborative model to build a 'green recovery' from the effects of COVID-19 and to assist the Government objectives of "Build back stronger". As part of this review DNOs identified "shovel ready projects" which could be brought forward and delivered under the existing price control for the sector. WPD conducted a nationwide call for evidence to identify appropriate investment projects to boost the post-pandemic green recovery and received feedback from more than 200 stakeholders. This helped WPD to target the network investment to the areas that see the most benefit. We used the three main criteria (deliverability, value for money and utilisation) in the selection of schemes and all of our 73 projects have been given a go-ahead. They all met the Ofgem-backed initiative's criteria of enabling net zero and providing a wider social benefit such as providing capacity for LCTs which supports communities to establish green jobs and stimulates a green recovery. During the current energy crisis due to increasing wholesale prices and resultant supplier failures, we, along with the other industry members, proactively engaged with Ofgem to review and arrive at the best possible method of honouring the LRSP claims to the SoLRs. We fully acknowledged the pressure placed upon the industry as result of these significant supplier failures and recognising our role in assisting the industry, we ensured that we explored all possible options with Ofgem, keeping in mind the best interests of our customers. Putting in place a mechanism through which all LRSP claims can be paid in a timely manner, required extensive time and effort and collaboration with Ofgem and the ENA members. The Chief Executive is a member of the National Health & Safety Committee ("HESAC"), (of which the HSE is a member) and either personally attends the committee meetings or delegates a member of senior management to attend on his behalf. The goal is to align the Company's internal safety campaigns to HSE safety initiatives and to HSE supported programmes. The Chief Executive is a director of the industry trade association, the ENA and the chair of the ENA Electricity Network and Futures Group. Annually the Chief Executive or nominated members of the senior management team attend the UK's National Safety, Health and Environmental Committee for Energy. Annually the Chief Executive or nominated members of the senior management team attend the UK's National Safety, Health and Environmental Committee for Energy.

Highlight [page 52]: StakehQlder relations and engagement (continued) Suppliers Defined policies are in place for procurement of goods and services and associated supply chain management and engagement. We have a dedicated purchasing team that assists with engagement with suppliers. The Operations Director has oversight responsibility for logistics, including the supply chain function. Key issues related to supply chain matters are reported and discussed at the Executive Council. We carry out payment performance reporting for suppliers, details of which can be found on page 17 of the Strategic report. On average we pay our suppliers in I 8 days (2020/21 :. 17 days). Sharehq/der The Board actively engages with our single shareholder, National Grid, on all key matters. As stated above, the non-executive board members of the Company are members of National Grid's senior management team. National Grid's Executive Directors and senior management has regular contact and dialogue with WPD's executive directors and senior management and all key information is fed back to the National Grid Board on a timely basis. There is a suite of financial and regulatory reporting presented to National Grid on established timelines and regular financial and regulatory update meetings are conducted with National Grid's management team to provide updates on any key accounting, business and legal issues. Additionally WPD's financial plan is presented to the National Grid Board for detailed review and approval on an annual basis. The Board meeting of National Grid and any senior leadership events at National Grid are attended by the WPD Chief Executive. Our Communities and Environment The Board believes in minimising the impact we have on the environment and hence continually strives to reduce our BCF. We work with various organisations to ensure we don't adversely affect the ecology and protected species such as bats, badgers and great crested newts. We work closely with Natural England regarding the Sites of Specific Scientific Interests ("SSS!s") and with organisations responsible for Areas of Natural Outstanding Beauty ("AONBs") within our area. For the benefit of all our stakeholders, we aim to reduce our BCF by reducing energy losses, diverting waste from landfill, reducing emissions from our fleet and reducing our own energy usage. In the current year, WPD has wotked collaboratively with its waste management partners to significantly reduce the amount of waste disposed ofto landfill. The company routinely report zero waste to landfill on a monthly basis. Further, WPD has established a methodology to assess and measure the embodied carbon associated with its new projects. The methodology incorporates procedures to determine the embodied carbon of purchased standard plant equipment. network installation activities, equipment operation and end oflife processes. The Board actively monitors its impact in terms of carbon footprint, waste recycling and fluid loss. For details on WPD's environment KPI performance as well as various actions to mitigate any key environment risks refer to pages 13, 14, 15 and 27 of the Strategic report. We utilise innovation to develop Smart Technology to drive the low carbon transition. We are an adaptable organisation ready to respond quickly to new challenges associated with the emergence and development of low carbon technologies. During 2021122, WPD centralised its process for domestic LCTs and developed a fast-track acceptance process to allow domestic customers to connect all domestic EV chargers and most domestic Heat Pumps immediately on notification to us, we respond on the same or the next day. Our RIIO-ED2 business plan reflects our ambitions for the future of electricity in the UK. specifically in relation to the Government's net zero targets and can be found at link below: https: \ ourp0\\ r;;rfuture.\\CS ternpm., er .co. uk. ri ioed.2-bus iness-plan