
Highlight [page 41]: Corporate Governance Corporate Governance Statement National Grid Gas pie (the Company) aims to achieve high standards of leadership and governance. At National Grid pie level, the Company's ultimate shareholder, its board considers that it complied in full with the provisions of the UK Corporate Governance Code 2018 (the Code) during the year being reported on. The Company's Board applied the Wates Corporate Governance Principles for Large Private Companies (the Wates Principles) for the year ended 31 March 2022. The Wates Principles provide a code of corporate governance for large private companies to raise awareness of good practice and over time to continue to improve the standards of corporate governance. They also support directors to meet the requirements of section 172 Companies Act 2006. The Corporate Governance Statement sets out the principal areas of the Company's governance together with an explanation of areas where it considers it has operated consistently with the Wates Principles. For ease of reference, the governance is explained under the Wates Principles headings. 1. Purpose and Leadership An effective board develops and promotes the purpose of a company, and ensure that its values, strategy and culture align with that purpose. Our purpose is to Bring Energy to Life. As described on page 10, we work within the purpose, vision, strategy and values of the National Grid Group to ensure we are well positioned to respond to changes in the operating environment. The Board is responsible for oversight of the Company's strategy and has considered its development during the reporting period. The Board is collectively responsible for its governance and its effective oversight of the Company and its business and compliance with its obligations under the Gas Transmission Licence. To facilitate this, a comprehensive governance framework has been established. This governance framework forms part of the wider National Grid pie governance framework and is aligned, as required and is applicable, to the Company. The framework is described in further detail below. 2. Board Composition Effective board composition requires an effective chair and a balance of skills, backgrounds, experience and knowledge, with individual directors having sufficient capacity to make a valuable contribution. The size of a board should be guided by the scale and complexity of the company. Balance and Diversity Reinforcing Its commilrnent to sound corporate governance the Board has continued to strengthen and develop both its composition and governance framework, implementing, as applicable, many of the best practice governance principles in operation at the National Grid pie level. At the year end, the Board consisted of two executive directors, two National Grid Group-appointed non-executive directors and two Sufficiently Independent Directors (SIDs) who between them provide a broad and diverse range of experience and technical skills from both within and external to the organisation, from the energy sector, other regulated industries and external bodies. Full details of the Directors who were in office during the year and up to the date of signing the financial statements can be found in the Directors' Report on pages 44. This depth and breadth of experience, and the independence brought by the SIDs, enables the Board to engage in constructive and challenging discussions, considering the perspectives and interests not only of the Company's shareholder but the wider range of stakeholders in the business. The National Grid Group promotes diversity - further details of the Group policy can be found publicly in the group accounts, details are available on page 100. Chair During the year, Nicola Shaw left the National Grid Group and the Board welcomed a new Chair, Ben Wilson, the Chief Strategy & External Affairs Officer for National Grid pie. Ben is one of the Group-appointed non-executive directors and is a member of the National Grid Group Executive Committee. Through his participation at a National Grid Group level and as Chair of the Company's Board, he is well placed to identify and facilitate understanding of the views of its ultimate shareholder. The Board believes this is a valuable part of the overall corporate governance framework and is appropriate for a subsidiary company part of a larger group. The role of chair and chief executive (or GT President) are separate, as per the Wates Principles guidance. Sufficiently Independent Directors The appointment of two SIDs in April 2014 has provided the Board with independent challenge and input to the decision-making process. The SIDs bring to the Board a wealth of experience and knowledge in the utility sector, government and regulatory organisations and other business and organisations outside of the energy sector. Cathryn Ross was appointed to the Board as a SID with effect from 21 June 2019. Dr Clive Elphick has remained in his role as SID since April 2014. Clive reached the end of his eight-year tenure on 31 March 2022. Following an assessment of his independence, it was confirmed (in accordance with paragraph 9 of Standard Special Condition A42 of the Company's Gas Transporter licence) that he continues to meet the independence criteria set out in paragraphs 2, 3 and 5 of Special Condition A42. A recruitment process for a new SID to

Highlight [page 42]: eplace Clive is underway and is expected to be concluded during 2022. The SIDs' input and involvement in developing the governance framework is demonstrated through their leadership of two committees of the Board: the Audit Committee and Business Separation Compliance Committee. Within the boardroom, the constructive independent challenge and input brought by the SIDs support the Board in considering the wider range of stakeholders in the business. Outside of the boardroom, the SIDs hold an annual meeting with the Chief Executive Officer of National Grid pie, enabling them to strengthen their, and the Board's, engagement and understanding of the views of the shareholder. Additionally, in their roles as members of the Company's Audit Committee, the SIDs hold an annual meeting with the Chair of the National Grid pie Audit & Risk Committee creating a formal information flow between the independent directors of the two committees. The SIDs attend site and operational visits and briefing sessions on key strategic matters outside of the Board meeting calendar, enabling them to strengthen their knowledge and understanding of the business. These activities also provide the opportunity to create further links between the business and the boardroom. Executive Directors For the reporting period, the executive director membership of the Board consisted of two members of the Gas Transmission Executive Team: Jon Butterworth (who replaced Phil Sheppard on 1 May 2021) and Nick Hooper. All Board appointments are made in consultation with its shareholder and in accordance with National Grid's Procedure for the Appointment of Directors to Subsidiary Companies. Group-appointed non-executive Directors As noted above, Ben Wilson joined the Board on 22 November 2021 and was appointed as Chair. Ben is a member of National Grid's Group Executive Committee and brings to the Board more than 25 years' experience in the energy sector. His focus areas include strategy, regulation, external affairs, stakeholder engagement, M&A, innovation and sustainability. Alexandra Lewis is the Group Treasurer and Director of Pensions and has continued as a member of the Board since her appointment in April 2018. Both Ben and Alex are able to bring a National Grid Group perspective to the Boardroom. Director induction and development Director briefings on the statutory duties and responsibilities of directors have been presented during the reporting period; training has been made available to new directors and reference material has been placed in the online document library. Continuing director training and development is delivered both within and outside of the boardroom. This is key to enabling Board effectiveness individually and as a whole. During the year, Jon Butterworth, Nick Hooper and Ben Wilson received an induction tailored to their background, experience and committee membership. Within the boardroom, the Board receive updates and presentations on current operational matters and specific initiatives within the business and wider National Grid Group. These presentations also provide an opportunity to benefit from the input of other Board members on matters within their area of the business. 3. Director Responsibilities The board and individual directors should have a clear understanding of their accountability and responsibilities. The board's policies and procedures should support effective decision-making and independent challenge. The Board maintains a schedule of matters specifically reserved for its consideration and decision. This is aligned, as appropriate, to that of the National Grid pie board with additional responsibilities as required by licence obligations. The matters reserved cover matters categorised as: Strategy, Management and Finance, Director and Employee Issues, Corporate Governance, Financial and Regulatory Reporting and Shareholders and includes oversight of the relationship with the regulatory bodies, including Ofgem, Department of Business, Energy and Industrial Strategy and the Health and Safety Executive. To support the Board, there is an established framework of Committees, to which the Board delegates defined duties under Terms of Reference and within a framework of DoA. Further detail on the work of the Committees can be found below. The Board's accountability for financial business reporting and risk management and internal control is undertaken within the wider Group governance framework and processes. As a regulated entity, the Board has responsibility for annual regulatory financial reporting requirements which it applies the same rigorous governance processes as that of the statutory accounts, and it involves the work of the Audit Committee. Reporting on the regulatory regime is overseen by the Board, and further detail can be found on page 3. Regular Board meetings are generally scheduled and communicated approximately a year in advance providing all directors with sufficient notice to attend meetings. Where possible, Directors who were unable to attend a meeting provided comments to the Chair or Company Secretary in advance of the meeting. The matters to be considered throughout the annual board meeting schedule fulfil the Board's responsibilities in line with its statutory duties, licence obligations, its matters reserved for the Board and its authority under the Group Delegations of Authority (DoA) from National Grid pie. The Board's supervision of the Company's operations is fulfilled through standing agenda items on safety matters, business overviews from the transmission owner and system operator and financial performance. The Board's consideration of health and safety matters covers all parts of the operational business and takes into account the health and safety of the workforce and members of the public. In addition to this the Board receives a suite of management reports, in line with National Grid Group reporting, providing updates on different aspects of the business. To enable the Board to be effective and efficient within the boardroom a number of procedures have been established: papers supporting each agenda item are distributed in advance, typically a week before the meeting; training and briefings on specific matters are scheduled outside of Board meetings; and the Chair holds a short meeting with the SIDs and Company Secretary before each meeting to share feedback and discuss the dynamics of the meeting, enabling a process of continuous improvement for the operation of future Board meetings. Six regular Board meetings were scheduled during the year and additional meetings were scheduled to ensure appropriate focus on key strategic matters impacting the Company. In June 2021,

Highlight [page 43]: the Board held a Strategy Day, allowing Directors to focus on internal and external factors which influence the strategy, including the political environment, climate change, regulatory strategy, interaction with the Independent User Group and employee culture. Committees The Board has established a number of committees and sub-committees which assist in its activities and operate within agreed Terms of Reference and a framework of DoA. The Committees of the Board are listed below: • Gas Transmission Executive Committee Business Separation Compliance Committee (retired in June 2021) • Finance Committee • Audit Committee The Company does not have a Nominations Committee or Remuneration Committee as these functions are provided by National Grid pie - see the Annual Report and Accounts of National Grid pie for further information about these committees - pages 99 to 100 for the work of the People & Governance Committee (which covers the responsibilities of a typical Nominations Committee) and pages 101 to 105 for the work of the Remuneration Committee. Safety, environmental and health (SEH) matters are a priority for the Board. The Board does not have a specific Board sub-committee for SEH matters. Instead, it delegates the day-to-day management of safety matters to the safety committee with the Gas Transmission business. The work of this committee is supported, and forms part of, the National Grid Group wide safety governance framework, which ensures there is strong interaction with the UK SEH Committee and Group SEH Committee. In turn, the UK SEH Committee provides regular reports to the Board, whilst ensuring a consistent delivery of safety through its interactions with the Group Executive Committee. Gas Transmission Executive Committee This Committee directs the affairs of the Gas Transmission business on behalf of the Board, to perform an assurance role within the context of the overall RIIO networks governance framework and oversees the performance of sub-committees reporting to it. The Committee's remit extends to approving the GT strategies and business objectives for managing the RIIO contract and for approving opportunities to deliver value within that contract in accordance with DoA limits. The Committee comprises the senior management of the GT and GSO business and was chaired by Phil Sheppard, a Director of the Board. Following Phil Sheppard's resignation from the Board, Jon Butterworth became chair of the Committee on appointment to the Board. Business Separation Compliance Committee The Business Separation Compliance Committee was retired as a subcommittee of the Board during the year as it was no longer a requirement of the Company's licence. Going forward, business separation matters are be reported to the Board. Finance Committee The Finance Committee of the Board is responsible for setting policy and grants authority for financing decisions, credit exposure, hedging and foreign exchange transactions, guarantees and indemnities, all subject to the risk appetite of the Board. It also approves other treasury, taxation and pension funding matters, as well as having responsibility for the governance of the Company's pension schemes and the Company's insurance strategies, and if appropriate, recommends these to the Board. Membership of the Committee comprises the Chief Financial Officer of National Grid pie and the Group Treasurer, a director of the Board. The Committee interfaces with the Finance Committee of National Grid pie and the Board. During the year, the Finance Committee met four times. Each Board meeting considers a separate agenda item on the work of the Finance Committee. Financial reporting on the financing activities, taxation and financial costs and liabilities of the pension schemes is provided through the regular financial management reports discussed at each Board meeting. Audit Committee The Audit Committee's role is to keep under review the Company's financial reporting and internal controls and their effectiveness, together with reviewing the Company's risk management processes. It also reviews the external audit plan and reviews the external auditors' findings. Membership of this Committee is comprised of three Board directors: the two SIDs and a Group-appointed non-executive director, Alex Lewis. The Committee is chaired by Dr Clive Elphick, SID, providing independent leadership. Financial experience is provided by all Committee members. In addition to the members of the Committee, individuals such as representatives of the external auditors, the GT Chief Financial Officer (CFO), Head of UK Audit, UK Chief Risk Officer, other representatives of the finance function and the GT General Counsel and Company Secretary may be invited to attend by the Committee and normally attend each meeting. Other Directors, representatives of the business and external advisers may be invited to attend as and when considered appropriate by the Committee and in respect of items that are relevant to them. The Audit Committee provides the assurance required by the Board on matters within its authority. The Chair provides a report on the meeting to the following Board meeting, and where applicable makes recommendations to the Board. The Board considers these recommendations and, where required, seeks further assurance and details to be brought to the Board. As noted above, to strengthen the governance links to National Grid, the Chair holds an annual meeting with the Chair of the National Grid pie Audit & Risk Committee. The preparation and management of the Audit Committee's annual meeting schedule follows the same governance processes as those for the Board. Technical briefings and meetings with the GT CFO and members of the financial function are held before meetings, as required, to provide further details on matters to be discussed during the meetings.

Highlight [page 44]: Areas of focus The Audit Committee meetings considered a programme of matters comprising those which were aligned to that of the National Grid pie Audit & Risk Committee and specific matters as they related to the Company, as a listed and regulated entity and as defined in the Terms of Reference for the Committee. Examples of key areas of focus included: • Statutory and regulatory accounting statements; Going concern statements; Fair, balanced and understandable statements; Financial reporting; Internal controls and processes; Regulatory accounting; • Risk management processes; Compliance matters, including compliance with licence obligations; • Internal (corporate) audit plan; and • Business conduct, including whistleblowing. Significant issues The most significant issues the Committee considered during the year were matters relating to internal controls and processes, judgements made in the preparation of the year-end financial statements and implementation of MyFinance, the Group's new general ledger system. Looking forward, the Committee will continue to focus on the effectiveness of the internal control environment, gas asset lives and operational separation of the Finance function as part of the sale of the Company from the National Grid Group. External audit The Committee is responsible for overseeing relations with the external auditors, as part of the Group wide external audit arrangements. Each Committee meeting is preceded by a meeting between the SIDs and the external auditor, without management present, to allow independent discussions on any matters the auditors would like to bring to the attention of the Committee. The Committee reviews the audit plan and audit findings in respect of the audit of the statutory accounts. The Committee also engages on auditor recommendations for improvements around internal controls. Through regular management reporting on internal controls, the Committee is able to monitor progress of the actions being taken. Internal (corporate) audit The Company does not have a separate internal audit function. This function is provided by National Grid's Corporate Audit function, which provides independent, objective, assurance to the Company's Audit Committee, Group SEH Committee and Executive Committees on whether the existing control and governance frameworks are operating effectively in order to meet National Grid's strategic objectives. Assurance work is conducted and managed in accordance with the IIA international standards for the Professional Practice of Internal Auditing and Code of Ethics. Inputs to the audit plan include principal risks, risk registers, corporate priorities, and external research of emerging risks and trends, and discussions with senior management to make sure the plan aligns with the Committee and Company's view of risk. The audit plan is considered and approved by the Committee annually and progress against the plan is monitored throughout the year. The Committee received regular controls updates from the Corporate Audit team. Management actions on audit findings have continued to be a focus at Executive meetings resulting in greater visibility of audit findings, increased ownership of actions and greater engagement by senior management. Auditor's independence and objectivity The independence of the external auditor is essential to the provision of an objective opinion on the true and fair view presented in the financial statements. Following consideration of the auditor's independence from NGG, their objectivity, the audit quality and the auditor's performance, the Committee was satisfied with the effectiveness, independence and objectivity of Deloitte. The audit report presents the results of Deloitte's own independence assessment on page 47. A resolution to re-appoint Deloitte and giving authority to the Directors to determine their remuneration will be submitted to shareholders at the 2022 AGM. Sanction Committee During the year, the Sanction Committee, which previously considered and sanctioned investments impacting multiple business units across National Grid's UK business, was retired in line with a new delegation of authority policy adopted by the National Grid Group.

Highlight [page 45]: 4. Opportunity and Risk A board should promote the long-term sustainable success of the company by identifying opportunities to create and preserve value, and establishing oversight for the identification and mitigation of risks. Risk Management is fundamental to delivering the long-term success of the Company and for that reason a separate section of the Annual Report and Accounts has been dedicated to describing our internal controls and risk management on pages 22 to 30. 5. Remuneration A board should promote executive remuneration structures aligned to the long-term sustainable success of a company, taking into account pay and conditions elsewhere in the company. Executive remuneration is controlled by the ultimate parent company, National Grid pie. Further information on this is available within the Remuneration Report of National Grid pie's Annual Report and Accounts on pages 108 to 131. 6. Stakeholder Relationships and Engagement Directors should foster effective stakeholder relationships aligned to the company's purpose. The board is responsible for overseeing meaningful engagement with stakeholders, including the workforce, and having regard to their views when taking decisions. The Board's focus on stakeholder engagement has continued during the reporting period, including reviewing and mapping out key stakeholder groups and discussing the Board's currently level of engagement and incorporation of its views into decision-making. During the year, the Board took the opportunity to review stakeholder engagement, including that of workforce engagement, and has discussed its duty under section 172 of the Companies Act 2006. Engaging with stakeholders to deliver long-term success is a key area of focus for the Board. Senior Executives within the business have regular interactions with Ofgem, BEIS and the Health and Safety Executive. The Company also organises stakeholder fora and consultations with stakeholders, including members of the public, our suppliers and customer around specific projects and proposed business plan submissions for RIIO-T2. We work with other networks and organisations outside of the energy industry to identify good practice. The Board considers the interests of these various stakeholder groups through reports and presentations at Board meetings, allowing Directors to reflect their interests in the decision-making process. RII0-2 Stakeholder Engagement Our original RIIO-T2 business plans were developed following our largest ever engagement exercise to date, with customers, industry stakeholders, businesses and household bill payers across the country. As part of the process, the Independent User Group (IUG) was established to provide challenge on our business plan process. The IUG represents a cross-section of the energy industry and represents the interests of consumers, environmental and public interest groups, as well as large-scale and small-scale customers and distribution networks. The Board has committed to the continued operation of the IUG The Board continues to receive updates on the IUG's findings and the Chair of the IUG attends Board meetings on invitation to better understand the IUG's views and to allow for effective two-way engagement. Directors also attended meetings of the IUG to strengthen the overall stakeholder engagement, with an emphasis on two-way feedback. Workforce Engagement The Board believes it is important that the Company builds on the extensive range of workforce engagement activities that are already in place and continues to consider workforce views in relevant decision-making processes. Engagement with our people takes many forms, including employee engagement sessions, reviewing and implementing actions from the employee survey results, meetings with Trade Union representatives, leadership off-sites and site visits by Directors. The results of the annual employee survey are reported to the Board, providing insight into how our employees are feeling about the business and its direction. Action plans are developed to progress any areas of improvements that are identified. During the year, Directors have held a series of workforce engagement events, including town halls, smaller engagement events and leadership briefings. The Board has also considered regular updates on workforce engagement events and briefing sessions in relation to the proposed sale of the Company.