
Highlight [page 8]: Corporate governance The Board of Directors is responsible for the direction and oversight of the Group, on behalf of its shareholders and is accountable to them, as owners, for all aspects of Group's business. The Board recognises that in conducting its business, Group should also be responsive to clients, regulatory bodies and other relevant stakeholder groups. The Board believes that good governance involves the clarity of roles and responsibilities, and the proper utilisation of distinct skills and processes. The Board, therefore, focuses on activities that enable it to promote the interests of all shareholders, such as the active consideration and execution of long-term strategy, the monitoring of executive actions, and ongoing Board and executive management succession. The Board governance policies and practises reflect the relevant provisions of the Wates Corporate Governance Principles for Large Private Companies (2018). Through ERM, we are shaping a sustainable future with the world's leading organisations. The purpose of the Group is to create and maximise long-term value for our stakeholders (our people, our clients and our investors) and help create a more sustainable future for our world through pursuing a strategy which offers and delivers exceptional value to our clients.

Highlight [page 9]: The Board reviews and, where appropriate, determines the long-term strategy and the annual budget and business plan for the Group based on proposals made by the CEO for achieving the Group's Purpose. The Board develops and promotes ERM's Purpose and ensures, through its decisions and actions, that the values, strategy and culture of the Group align with that purpose, to generate long-term sustainable value. The permanent Committees of the Board include the Remuneration Committee, the Audit Committee and the Executive Committee. Each permanent Committee is comprised of those directors the Board considers best suited to serve on that Committee. On a day-to-day basis we continue to be managed by the Executive Committee, which is supported by a larger group of senior Partners. This consists of the senior executives who lead geographic, service, sector and client divisions of our operations, business development, people development and other profess ional support functions. The Executive Committee generally meets monthly. We often hold these meetings by video conference to reduce our carbon footprint and our travel time and costs. We continue to develop our risk management procedures and we take every reasonable measure to ensure that all of our staff adhere to the Group's global values and our Code of Business Conduct and Ethics.