
Highlight [page 82]: Corporate Governance statement . For the financial year ended 31 December 2021 NWH Ltd has again chosen to report against the Wates Corporate Governance Principles for Large Private Companies, published by the Financial Reporting Council (FRC) in December 2018 and available on the FRC website (the Wates Principles). The disclosures below explain how NWH Ltd has applied the Wates Principles in the context of its corporate governance _arrangements.

Highlight [page 82]: 1. Purpose and leadership NatWest Group's purpose is established by the NatWest Group pie Board, promoted across NatWest Group and cascaded to subsidia~ies including NWH Ltd. In February 2020, and following an extensive period of. stakeholder engagement, the NatWest Group pie Board approved NatWest Group's purpose and strategy.

Highlight [page 82]: NatWest Group's purpose is 'we champion potential, helping

Highlight [page 82]: people, families and businesses to thrive'. It has continued to·

Highlight [page 82]: inform and dri

Highlight [page 82]: ve NatWest-Group's response to the COVID-19

Highlight [page 82]: pandemic, acting as an important point of reference during

Highlight [page 82]: Board discussions, debate and decision-making,

Highlight [page 82]: The Board received its annual purpose update in' December 2021 which summarised progress in becoming a purpose-led

Highlight [page 82]: bank against the three purpose focus areas of Enterprise

Highlight [page 82]: Learning and Climate. It highlighted the progress to date on

Highlight [page 82]: mbedding purpose and delivering against public commitments

Highlight [page 82]: and the. key areas of focus for 2022 as well as an update on

Highlight [page 82]: stakeholders' perception of NatWest Group and its purpose

Highlight [page 82]: aligned to the Blueprint for Better Business framework.

Highlight [page 82]: NatWest Group's strategy is set and approved by the NatWest Group pie Board. T

Highlight [page 82]: he board of directors of NWH Ltd (the Board

Highlight [page 82]: reviews and sets the strategic direction of the NWH Group and,

Highlight [page 82]: as appropriate, the strategies for each of its businesses, w

Highlight [page 82]: the parameters set by the NatWest Group pie Board. The Board

Highlight [page 82]: also oversees the execution of NWH Group strategy and holds executive management to account for its delive_ry.

Highlight [page 82]: Further information on NatWest Group's progress against its• purpose and strategy can be found in the NatWest Group 2021 Annual Report and Accounts.

Highlight [page 82]: The Board assesses and monitors culture in several ways. During 2021 it received:

Highlight [page 82]: a

Highlight [page 82]: presentation·on the Banking Standards Board (now the

Highlight [page 82]: Financial Services Culture Board) 2020 Survey Ar:uiual Report and its review of the _embedding of purpose in NatWest Group; - Colleague Advisory Panel reports which provided feedback on topics discussed in meetings. These included wellbeing support for colleagues, Retail Banking strategy, purpose, remuneration and the wider workforce, climate and ways of working; • - One Bank Transformation Prog~amme spotlights on Organisation, Skills & Culture which covered new ways of working, colleague journeys, colleague experience, career development, skills and capability, learning, ~ellbeing and · inclusion; • - Insights from the colleague opinion surveys conducted in April and September 2021. Key measures included culture, purpose, building capability, inclusion, engagement and • leadership;

Highlight [page 83]: a Culture Spotlight which provic;led ~n update on work to refresh the NatWest Group's values as well as an overview of cultural strengths, behavioural weaknesses, .operating ,model and futu"re culture; - Culture measurement reports which included insights and metrics to allow the Board to assess culture and understand future priorities. The reports used the Blueprint for Better Business framework to report prog'ress highlighting both positive trends and areas for improvement; and - Board Business Insights Packs which included metrics on culture, purpose and inclusion . The activities described above· have s~pported the Board in meetin•g the Wates Principle-1 requirement to ensure that purpose, values, strategy and culture are aligned, within the wider NatWest Group governance structure. 2. Boord composition _ The Board.has 13 directors comprising the Chairman, two executive directors and 10 independent non-executive directors, one of whom is the Senior Independent Director. The ·names of the current directors page 6. and secretary are shown on The Board consid~rs that the Choirm~n was i~dependent on appointment and that all the non-executive directors are independent. Non-executive director independence and individual directors' continuing contribution to NWH Ltd are considered at least annually. • The Board operates a Boardroom Inclusion Policy which reflects the most ·recent industry targets and is aligned to the Inclusion Policy and Principles applying to the wider NatWest Group. The Boardroom ln~lusion policy currently applie_sto the Boards of NatWest Group pie, NWH Ltd, RBS pie and NWB Pie, A copy of the Boardroom Inclusion Policy is available at natwestgroup.com. The Boardroom Inclusion Policy's objectives ensure that the Board, and any Committee to which it delegates nominations responsibilities, follows an inclusive process when maki_ng• nomination decisions. That includes ensuring that the· nomination process is based on-the principles of fairness, respect and inclusion, that all nominations and appointments are made on the basis of individual competence, skills and expertise measured against identified objective criteria and that_ searches for Board candidates are conducted with due regard t~ the benefits-of diversity a~d-inclusion. • Throughout 2021 the Board met"the recommendatio"n of the Parker Review with at" least one member of the Board being of Black, Asian or Minority Ethnic background and it intends to continue to meet that"recommendation. At the end of 2021 the Board exceeded .the recommendation of the FTSE Women l,.eaders Review (formerly the Hampton-Alexander Review) of 33% female representation on the boards, with 38¾of the Board being female. The role of the Chairman is to lead the Board and ensure its overall effectiveness. This is distinct and separate from that of the Chief Executive Officer (CEO) who manages the business day-to-day. • '83 - NWH Group_Annuol Report and Account~ 2021 All directors receive accurate, timely and clear information c;m all relevant matters and have access to-the cidvice and services of the Chief Governance Officer and Company Secretary. In addition, all directors are able, if necessary, to obtain independent professional advice at NWH Ltd's expense. The Senior Independent Director acts as a sounding board fo~ the Chairman and as an intermediary for other directors when necessary. NWH Ltd is the holding company for NatWest Group's ring- -f~nced operations, which include th~ retail, commercial and private banking businesses. A common board structure is operated such that directors of NWH Ltd are also directors of RBS pie and'NWB Pie. Known collectively as the NWH Sub Group, the boards of these three entities meet concurrently. The common board structure also applied_to Ulster Bank Limited (UBL) until 29 July 2021 when a change in governance arrangements was implemented followi~g a transfer of UBL's business to NWB Pie. The Chairman, CEO and CFO remain directors of UBL to facilitate· certain transitional arrangements. An integral part of NatWest Group's governance arrangements is the appointment of three double independent non-executive directors (DINEDs) to the Boards and Board Committees, of the NWH Sub Group. They are Francesca Barnes, Gra_ham Beale, and Ian Cormack. The DINEDs are independent in two respects: (i) independent of management ·a~ non-executiv_es; and (ii) independent of ·the rest -of NatWest Group by virJ:ue of their NWH Sub Group only directorships. The DINEDs play a critical role in NatWest Group's ring-fencing governance structure, and are responsible for exercising appropriate oversight of the independence and effectiveness of • the NWH Sub Group's governance arrangements, including the ability of each board to take decisions independently. The DINEDs also have an e_nhanced role in managing any conflicts which may arise between the interests of NWH Ltd and other members of NatWest Group. All .NWH Sub Group directors who are not DINEDs are directors of NatWest Group pie. All DINEDs attend NatWest Group pie Board meetings in an observ~r capacity._ The governance arrangem~nts for the Boards and Board Committees of NatWest Group-pie and the NWH Sub Group. have been designed to enable· NatWest Group pie to exercise appr_opriate oversight and to ensure that, as far as is reasonably practicable, the NWH Sub Group is able to take decisions_ independently of the wider Group. The Board is structured to ensure that the directors provide NWH Ltd with the appropriate balance of skills, experience, knowledge and diversity, as well as independence. Given the nature of NWH Group's businesses_,experience of ban_king and financial services is clearly of benefit, and the Board has a number of directors with substantial experience in those area?. In December the Nominations Committee reviewed, and the • Board approved, a refreshed version of the NatWest Group pie and NWH Sub Group Board s!<ills matrix.

Highlight [page 84]: skills and experience they bring to Board discussions, in line with pre-determined criteria aligned to current ond future strategic priorities, including CEO/senior executive management; CFO/accountancy; Retail, Commercial and Private _Banking; Financial Markets and Investment Banking; Environmental, Social and Governance (includirig climate); Customer Experience; Technology (infrastructure, cyber); Digital and Innovation; Transformation; Government/ _regulatory/ public sector; Risk Management and Broad Financial Services. The Board skills matrix will continue to be considered by the Nominations Committee and the Board, at least once a year. Board Committees also comprise directors with a variety of skills.and experience so that no undue rel_ianceis placed on any one individual. • The independent non-executive directors combine broad business and commercial experience with indeperident and objective judgment. They provide constructive challenge, strategic guidance, and specialist advice to the executive directors ond the executive management team and hold management to account. The balance between non-executive ••and executive directors enables the Board to provide clear and effective leadership across NWH Group's business activities and ensures no one individual or smoll group of individuals • dominates the Board's decision-making. The Board monitors the commitments of the Chairman and directors and is satisfied that they are oble to allocate sufficient· time to enable them to discharge their duties and responsibilities effectively. Any additional external appointments require prior Board approval. Each new director receives a formal induction progromme on . joining the Board, which is co-ordinated by the Chief Governance Officer and Company Secretary and tailored to suit the requirements of the individual concerned. This includes visits fo NatWest Group's major businesse·s and functions and • meetings with directors and senior management. Meetings with external auditors, counsel and stakeholders are also" arranged as appropriate. No new directors were appointed during 2021. Nominations Committee considers Board composition and succession planning at least onnually. The NatWest Group· pie Group Nominations and Governance Committee olso approves all appointments to the Board, reflecting NWH Ltd's position as a subsidiary within NatW~st Group. • Evaluation A review o(the effectiveness of the Boord, including the Chairman, individual directors and Board Committees, is conducted at least_annually. Progress following the 2020 evaluation A number of actions were progressed during 2021 in response to the findings of the 2020 internal performance evaluation. In December 2021 the directors noted the progress mode against the 2020 evaluation actions, which were consistent across the NatWest Group pie and NWH Sub Group Boards and are described in more detail on page 110 of the NatWest Group . 2021 Annual Report and Accounts. • 2021 Performance evaluation In 2021, the Board and Committee evaluation was externally facilitated by Independent Board Evaluation (IBE). Key findings, recommendations and actions were aligned across NatWest Group pie and the NWH Sub Group and a summary of the outcomes and actions arising from the 2021 evaluation can be found on page 111 of the NatWest Group 2021 Annual Report and Accounts. Implementation of the 2021 Board evaluation actions will be overseen by the Nominations Committee during. 2022. The Chairman met each director individually to discuss_their own-performance and continuing professional development and ·establish whether each director continues to contribute effectively to the company's long-term' sustainable success. The Chairman also shared peer feedback provided to IBE as part of the evaluation process. All new directors receive ci copy of the ·Director Handbook. The Handbook operates as a consolidated governance support manual for directors of Natwe·st Group pie and the NWH Sub Group, providing both new and current directors with.a single source of information relevant to their. role. It covers a range of topics including NatWest Group's corporate structure; the Bo_ard and Board Committee operating model; Board policies and processes and a range of technical guidance on relevant matters including directors' duties, conflicts of interest, and th_e UK Senior Managers and Certification Regime. The Haridbook forms part of a wider library of reference materials available via a resources portal. The Board is supported in its succession planning activities, including the recruitment of non-executive directors, by the Nominations Committee, which is responsible for considering and making recommendations to· the Board in respect of Board appointments. The Nominations Committee reviews the structure, size and · composition of the Board, and makes recommendations to the Board in relation to any necessary changes, having regard to the overall balance of skills, knowledge, experience and diversity on the Board, the length of service of the Board as a whole; and the requirement to keep membership regularly refreshed. The NWH Group Annual Report and Accounts 2021 84 Separately, the Senior Independent Director sought feedback on the Chairman's performance from the non-executive directors, executive directors and other key iriterhal and external stakeholders and discussed jt with the Chairman. This included peer fe_edbackprovided to IBE by directors as part of the evaluation process. Directors have access to a wide range of briefing and training sessions and other professional development opportun[ties. Directors undertake the training they consider necessary to assist them in carrying out their duties and responsibilities. The non-executive directors discuss professional development annually with the Chairman and they participate in scheduled Board training sessions and other external sessions, as • appropriate. During 2021 the Board training programme included dedicated sessions on operational resilience, consumer protection, directors'. duties in resolution, cyber security, financial crime and climate.· 3. Director responsibilities All directors receive guidance on their statutory duties under the Companies Act and are supported in the discharge of their duties by the Chief Governance Officer and Company Secretary. •

Highlight [page 85]: Each director has o role profile which clearly .articulates their responsibilities and occountobilities and any additional regulatory responsibilities and accountabilities ore set out in their statement of responsibilities. NatWest Group· also produces and maintains o document called 'Our Governance' which sets o·ut the.governance, systems and coritrols applicable to NatWest Group pie and th_eNWH Sub Group. Our Governance is mode ovailoble"to all directors and is reviewed and approved by the Board at least annu_olly. The Directors' Conflicts of Interest policy sets out procedures to ensure that the Board's management of conflicts of interest and its powers for authorising certain conflicts ore operating e,ffectively. This includes the rponagement of ci:i"nflicts that may arise during Board decisions where the interests of NWH Ltd conflict with the interests of other m_embers of-NatWest Group. Each director is required to notify the Boord of any octucil or pote~tiol situational or.tronsoctionol conflict of interest and to update the Board with any changes to the facts and circumstances surrounding such conflicts. Situ~tionol conflicts con be authorised by the Boord in • occordonce· with the Companies Act 2006· and the company's • Articles of Association. The Boord considers each_request for authorisation on o case by case basis on·d hos the power to impose conditio~s or limitations on any authorisation granted as port of the process.· NWH Ltd maintains a register of directors 1 interests and . appointments, which is reviewed annually by the Board, and there is-d}scussion of directors' conflicts_ in Board meetings, as· required. The Board The Board is the main decisio~-making forum for NWH Ltd. The Board is collectively responsible for the long-term success of NWH Ltd and the delivery of sustainable value to its shareholders. The Board's role is to provide leadership of NWH Ltd. It monitors and maintains the consi_stency of NWH Ltd's activities within the strategic direction of NatWest Group; it revie~s and approves risk appetite measures (including limits and triggers) in accordance with the Risk Appetite Framework and it monitors performance against risk appetite for NWH Ltd. It_approves NWH Ltd's key financial objectives cind keeps the capital and liquidity positions of NWH ltd under review._The Bocird's terms of reference include a formal schedule of matters specifically reserved for the Board's decision and are reviewed at least annually. An internal review confirmed the· Board had • fulfilled its remit as set out in its terms of reference during 2021. The Board hel_deight scheduled meetings an_dcontinued to meet largely virtually during 2021. A hybrid meeting was held in July and in September the full Board was able to meet in person for the first time since the start of the pandemic. At each scheduled Boaq:f meeting the directors receive reports from the Chairman, Board Committee Chairmen, CEO, CFO, Chief Risk Officer and other members of the executive management team, as appropriate. Other senior executives attended Board meetings throughout the year to present reports ta the Board. This provided the Board with an opportunity to engage directly with management" on .key issues and supports succession planning. Tl}e Board and Committee .paper templat_e in~ludes a section for authors to explain how the proposal or update aligns with NatWest Group's· purpose and o separate_ • section for them to include on assessment of the relevant stakeholder impacts for the directors to consider: Directors ore mindful that it is not always possible· to achiev:e an outc·ome which meets the requirements, needs and/or expectations of all stakeholders who are, or may be, impacted. For decisi6ris which are particularly challenging or complex, an additional page was introc;luced to the Board and Committee paper template in 2021 which provides directors with further information to support purposeful decision making. This additional page uses BlueprintJor Better Business as a base and is aligned to NatWest Group's broa_der purpose framework. Board priorities in 2021 included o~ersight of strategy and transformation, customer experience, capital management, financial;crime and brand strategy. COVID-19 also remained a key area of focus for the Board, particularly the support being provided to customers and colleagues. Board Committees The Board has established a number of Board Committees with particular responsibilities. The Audit, Risk, Performance & Remuneration, .and Nominations Committees of _NWHLtd • operate as committees of each ·of _NWHLtd, NWB_Pk and RBS pie, with meetings running concurrently. These Board Committees also held delegated authorities for UBL until 29 July 2021 when a change· in governance arrangements was implemented following a transfer of UBL's assets to NWB Pie. On that date each Committee's authority for UBL was revoked. The Audit Committee comprises at least three independent non-executive directors, two of whom are DINEDs. The Committee assists the Board in discharging its _responsibilities in relation to the disclosure of financial affairs. It also reviews accounting and . financial reporting and regulatory compliance practices of NWH Ltd, NWH Ltd's system-of standards of internal contr_ols, and monitors NWH Ltd's processes for internal a·udit and external audit. The Board Risk Committee comprises at least four independent non-·executive directors, one of whom is the Chairman of the Audit.Committee and two ·of whom are DINEDs. It provides oversight and advice ·to the Board in relation to cur~ent and potential future risk exposures, future risk profile, and the approval and effectiveness of NWH Ltd's Risk Management Framework and (in conjunction with the Audit Committee) internal controls·required to manage risk. • The Performance and Remuneration Committee (RemCo) comprises at least four independent ·non-executive directors,· one of whom is a DINED. It assists the NatWest Group pie Group Performance and Remuneration Committee with the_oversight • and· implementation of NatWest Group's remuneration policy and also considers and makes recommendations 6n remuneration arrangements for seni9r executives of NWH Ltd_-_ The Nominations Committee comprises the Chairman, Sen[or • Independent Director and at least_three further independent non-executive directors. It is responsible for•assisting the· Board in· the formal selection and appointment of directors. It reviews . the structure, size and composition of the Board, and membership and chakmanship _ofBoard Committees.

Highlight [page 86]: independent non-executive ·directors, one of whom is a DINED. It provides support to the Boord· in overseeing, supporting and challenging actions being taken by management to run NWH Group as a sustainable business, capable of generating long term value for its stakeholders. Executive Committee The Executive Committee comprises NWH Ltd's most senior executives and supports the CEO to discharge her individual accountabilities including matters.relating to strategy, financials, capital, risk, customer and operational issues and culture and v°alues. • 4. •Opportunity and risk The role of the Board is to promote· the long-term sustainable success of NWl-j Ltd. The Board held a strategy session ~ith the executive management team in June 2021. Within the context of a wider discussion at NatWest Group level, this provided ·an opportunity for the Board to assess opportunities and risks_to the future· success of the business, the sustainability of the business model and how its governance contributes to the delivery of its strategy. • The Board reviews the effectiveness of the risk management and internal control systems - including the nature and _extent of the risks taken in pursuit of strategic .objectives. The Board also reviews and ·approves risk appetite for NWH Ltd's principal risks in accordance with the NatWest Group risk appetite framework; monitors performance against risk appetite for NWH Ltd; and considers ·any material risks and approves, as appropriate, recommended actions escalated by the Board Risk Committee. NWH Ltd's risk strategy is info;med and shaped by an understanding of the risk landscape including the principal risks it takes in carrying out business activities as well as the risks· and uncertainties arising from the external economic, political and regulatory environments. • NWH Ltd complies with NatWest Group's risk appetite framework, which is approved annually_ by the NatWest Group pie Board. NatWest Group risk appetite_ is set in line wit_hoverall strategy. NWH Ltd operates within NatWest Group's integrated risk management framework. This is cel')tred around the embedding of a strong risk culture and is designed to ens.ure the tools and capability are in place to facilitate sound risk management and decision-making. During 2021, ongoing work to enhance the enterprise-wide risk management framework continued. The increasing· significance of climate risk, which is categorised a~ a principal ris_k,re~ained · a critical area of focus. Alignment with climate change regulation is also reported to the NatWest Group Executive· Risk Committee and the NatWest Group Board Risk Committee. NWH Ltd. also complies with the NatWest Group policy_ framework. The purpose of the policy framework is to ensure that NatWest Group establishes and maintains policies that adequately address the risks inherent in its business activities. NWH Group Annual Report and Accounts 2021 86 Further information on the NWH Ltd risk management framework including risk culture, risk governance, risk appetite, risk controls and limits, and risk identification and measurement can be found in the risk and capital management section of this report (pages· 10 to 81). • 5 .. Remuneration The NatWest Group remuneration policy pr-ovides a consistent policy across all NatWest Gr~up companies aniensures compliance with regulatory requirements. The remuneration po.licy is aligned with the business strategy, objectives, values and !orig-term interests of NWH Ltd. The policy supports a • culture where individual~ are rewarded for delivering sustained performance in line with risk appetite and for demonstrating the right conduct and behaviours. • RemCo reviews remuneration for executives of '· NWH Ltd and considers reports on the wider workforce including annual _pay· outcomes and diversity information. The RemCo helps to ensure that the remuneration policies, procedures and practices being applied are appropriate for NWH Ltd. Executive remuneration structures ·incentivise individuals to deliver sustainable pe~formanc~ based ·on strategic objectives for NatWest Group and the relevant.business_area. Performance is assessed against a balanced scorecard of financial and non-financial measures and variable pay is subject to deferral as well as malus and clawback provisi_ons to ensure rewards are justified in.the long-term. The approach to performance management provides ·c1_arityfor colleagues on how their contribution links to NatWest Group's purpose and colleagues set.goals across a balanced scorecard of measures. NatWest Group continues to ensure employees are paid fairly for the work· they do and are supported by simple and fransparent pay structures in line with industry best practices. NatWest Group keeps policies and processes under review to ensure it does so. This clarity and certainty on how pay is delivered is also helping to improve colleagues' financial W!;!llbeing, which is a core • priority in NatWest Gro.up's wellbeing plans.. In the UK, NatWest Group's rates of pay continue to exceed the Living Wage • Foundation benchmarks and NatWest Group ensures employees performing the same role are paid fairly. NatWest Group ensures that colleagues have an awareness of the financial and economic factors affecting its performance. · ~hrough -quarterly 'Results Explained' communications and Workplace Live events with the Group CEO and Group CFO. Further information on t!,e remuneration policy, pay ratios and employee share plans can be found in the Directors' remuneration report of the NatWest Group 2021 Annual Report and.Accounts. Gender and Ethnicity Pay Gap information can be found in the· Strategic report section of the NatWest ·Group 2021 Annual Rep_ortarid Accounts and at natwestgroup.com, along· with the steps being taken to build an _inclusive and engaged workforce.

Highlight [page 87]: 6. Stakeholder relationships and engagement In February 2021 the Board approved its annual objectives and confirmed the Board's key stakeholder groups - customers, colleagues, communities, investors, regulators and suppliers. The Board's agenda and engagement plans were structured to enhance the Board's understanding of these stakeholders' views· and interests. This in turn has informed Board discussions and decision-making. For further information on stakeholder engagement activities undertaken within NcitWest Group which.impacted NWH Group, see pages 14 to 17 and pages 52 to 63 of the NatWest Group 2021 Annual Report and Accounts. • Engagement with Colleagues, Suppliers, Cust.omers and Others For further details on the Board's engagement with colleagues, customers, suppliers and others, and how these stakeholders' interests hav~ influenced Board discussions and principal decisions, see pages 4 to 5 of the Strategic report .whic,h includes a section 172(1) statement and signposts to further information contained. in the NatWest Group 2021 Annual Report and Accounts. Additional colleague-related disclosures • Informing and consulting colleagues The pandemic has drastically altered the working landscape for everyone, accelerating the evolving relationship between colleagues and employers. It is now more important than ever that NatWest Group listens to colleagues and uses this insight to . attract, engage and retain the talent it needs for the future. The 'Colleague Listening Strategy' - which includes colleague. opinion surveys; a Colleague Advisory Panel tha.t connects colleagues directly with the Board; the 'Colleague· Experience Squad', a gr'oup of colleagues who volunteer to provide feedback on colleague products and services; and 'Workplace', NatWest Group's social media platform - contributes to a deeper understanding of colleague sentiment. NatWest Group also tracks metrics and key performance indicators which can be benchmarked with sector and high-performing comparisons. A total of 46.700 colleagues (81%) particip_ated in the September 2021 'Our View' survey. The results show that colleague sentiment remains st.rang, despite the.pandemic. Lead measures "in cult!Jre, purpose, inclusion and building capability showed continued and sustained year-on-year improvement (+1 percentage point each). Across 011·15 measured categories, •NatWest· Group sits an average of 11 percentage points above the Global Financial Services Norm (GFSN) a·nd five percentage points above the Global High Performance Norm (GHPN)'.. Regular interactions with employee· representatives such ~s trade unions, elected employee b_odiesand works councils ore a vital"nieans of transparency and engagement for NatWest Group. These sessions are frequently used .to discuss . developments and updates on-the progress of strategic priorities: in 2021, for example, topics included 'ways of working' and 'health and safety in the context of the pandemic'. NatWest Group is also committed to respecting employees' rights of freedom of association across all of its business. In addition, through the Colleague Advisory Panel (CAP) established in 2018, colleagues can engage directly with senior management and th~ Board on topics which are·important to them.,thereby strengthening the voice of colleagues in the NWHGroup Annual Report and Accounts 2021 87 Boardroom. The CAP is made up of 28 colleagues who represent employee-led networks;talent programmes, employee repre~entative bodies 'or are self 0 nominated. In this way NatWest Group ensures the panel is diverse, inclusiv~ and representative of the workforce. The CAP met with representatives frol'r) the Board three times. in 2021 to discuss issues such as wellbeing, remuneration (including executives and the wider workforce), climate, retail banking strategy, sustainability and purpose. The CAP continues to b~ highly regarded by those who attend and has proven to be an effective way of establishing two-way dialogue between· colleagues and Board members. In 2022 the Board intends to review its approach to how the Board engages·with the workforce. Disability Smart NatWest Group makes workplace adjustments to support colleagues with disabilities to ·succeed. If a colleague becomes disabled NatWest Group will, wherever possible, make adjustments to support them in their existing role or _re-deploy them to a more suitable alternative role. The NatWest Group Careers site gives comprehensive insights into NatWest Group jobs, tultur~, locations and application processes. It also hosts a variety of blog content to portray. stories of what it is like to work at NatWest Group. The • . company also makes sure that candidates can easily request adjustments or help to complete their application or assessment. Internal control over financial reporting The internal controls ovedi~ancial reporting for NWH Group are consistent with those at NatWest Group level. NWH Group has designed and assessed the effectiveness of its internal. control over financial reporting as of 31 December 2021 based on the criteria set forth by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission in the 2013 publication of 'Internal Control - Integrated Framework'. Any deficiencies identified· are reported to NWH Ltd Group Audit Committee along with management's remediation plans. NatWest Group's auditors have audited the effectiveness of NatWest Group's internal control over financial reporting and have given an unqualified opinion.