
Highlight [page 91]: 1. Purpose and leadership Purpose NatWest Group's purpose is established by the NWG pie Boord, promoted across NatWest Group ·and cascaded to ·subsidiaries ·including NWM Group. Further information on· NatWest Group's purpose can be found in the NatWest Gro.up pie 2021 Annual Report and Accounts.

Highlight [page 91]: Strategy NatWest Group's strategy is set and approved by the· NWG pie • Boord. The NWM Pie Boord (the Boord) reviews and sets the strategic direction of NWM Pie and, as appropriate, the strategies for each of its businesses within the parameters set by the NWG pie Boord. It subsequently oversees the execution of the strategy and holds management to account for its delivery.

Highlight [page 91]: Culture The NWG pie Boord is supported in monitoring culture across NatWest Group by the Group Sustainable Banking Committee and the Group Boord Risk Committee. NatWest Group is on a journey towards a generative risk culture whereby-risk is simply • port of the way p·eople work and think. Building a-healthy culture that embodies Our Values is a core priori_ty for NatWest Group. • . . •• Our Vaiues, which guid!i.the way _NatWestGroup identifies the· right people to serve customers well, and how to manage, engage and reword colleagues, ore at ttie heart of Our Code_ (the NatWest Group-wide Code of Conduct).·

Highlight [page 91]: Corporate Governance statement The Companies (Miscellaneous Reporting) Regulations 2018 introduced new statutory reporting requirements for financial years beginning on or ofter 1 January 2019. As a result of these new requirements, the directors of the company are required to provide a statement in the Directors' report stating which corporate governonc;e code, if any, the company followed during the year; how it applied the code and any port of the code _itdid not follow. For the financial year ended 31 December 2021, the company hos chosen to report against the Wates Corporate Governance Principles for Lorge Companies (the Wates Principles) and the disclosures below explciin how the company hes applied the Wates Principles in the context of its corporate governance orron'gements. NWM Group Annual Report and Accounts 2021 There is regular reporting to the Boord on culture, so as to provide appropriate.oversight of culture matters. More specifically, with regards to risk culture·, significant progress hos been mode towards addressing historical conduct issues; including risk appetite enhoncem.ents, increased monitoring of conduct risk, and a new risk appetite measure for Golden Rule breaches. This supports our ambition to create a positive culture and strengthen 'good conduct' outcomes for clients. 2. Board Composition The Boord • The Boord hos seven directors comprising; the Chairman, two executive directors (being the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer) and four independent non-execu·tive directors: The size of the Boord is considered a·ppropriote, . toking into_account the size and scale of NWM Pie's business. The Chairman The role of Chairman is to lead the Boord and ensure its overall effectiveness. This is distinct end separate from that of the Chief Executive Officer who manages the business day-to-day. The Chairman is also a member of the NWG·plc Boord which provides on appropriate linkage to the wider NatWest.Group and ensures alignment cind awareness in respect of NatWest Grciup:.wide matters. • Non-Executive Directors The majority of the Boord comprises iridependerit non-.•executive Directors. Their role is to challenge and scrutinise the performance of management and to help develop proposals on strategy. They also review the performance of management in meeting agreed goals and 9bjectives and monitor the firm's risk profile. The non-executive directors combine brood business and commercial expertise and bring experience from a wealth of areas including audit, banking, finance, human resources, technology, and telecommunications.

Highlight [page 92]: The Boord periodically undertakes an independence assessment'of the non-executive directors. With.the exception of the Chairman, who is a member of the NWG pie Board, all. non~executive directors are considered to be independent and there are no relationships or circumstances that are likely to affect their judgment. • • Induction Training . All new directors undergo a formal induction programme upon joining the Board which is coordinated by·the Company Secretary and tailored to their individual needs. This includes meetings with other directors, senior executives and business heads. Meetings with the external auditor, legal counsel and other key stakeholders are arranged as appropriate. Directors also receive comprehensive guidance from the Company Secretary on NWM Pie's corporate governance framework and associated policies, including their_duties as directors. . Continuous Development. Non-executive directors discuss their professional development annually with the Chairman. Directors maintain their knowledge and familiarity with NWM Pie through re·gular meetings with senior management (including representatives of NatWest Group) and participate in scheduled Board training and other external sessions as appropriate. During 2021, climate and teach-in sessions on the integrati~n of NatWest's purpose-led strategy as well as on_Capital Markets and Large Corporates was arranged for the directors. Directors may also request individual in-depth briefings from time to time on areas of particular interest. • Board Diversity The Board is committed to promoting diversity and inclusion in the boardroom and aims to meet industry targets and recommendations wherever possible. The Board has agreed a Boardroom Inclusion. Policy which aims to promote diversity and inclusion in the composition ofthe- Board cif Directors and in the nomination and appointment process. The Policy reflects the values of the wider NatWest Group, its Inclusion Policy and relevant legal, .regulatory or best practice requirements. • Committees .The responsibilities of the Board are executed, in part, through its.committees_(nam·ely, the Audit Committee, the Boord Risk Committee, the Performance and Remuneration Committee and the Nominations and Governance Committee). All niatt~rs that the Board has specifically delegated.to these committees are set out in their terms of reference (ToRs). All other matters, including responsibility for the day-to-day operatiqn of NWM Pie (that are not specifically reserved for the Board or ·delegated to a committee) are delegated to the NWM Pie Chief Executive Officer (C.EO)in accordance with such policies and directions as the Board determines appropriat~, including the NWM Pie CEO's role profile. Succession The Board is responsible for ensuring that NWM Pie has in place succession plans for the Board and senior management so as to maintain an appropriate balance of skills and. • experience. The NatWest Group Nominations and Governance Committee is also required to approve a_llappointments to the Board, reflecting the company's position as a subsidiary of NatWest Group NWM Group Annual Report and Accounts 2021 90 Board Effectiveness The effectiveness of the Board, including the Chairman, indivi~ual directors and Board committees, is assessed periodically. The Board co_nsiderssuch assessments to play an important role in the identification of areas for further improvement, focus and for strengthening its overall • performance. The Company se·cretary In fulfilling its role, the Board is supported ·by the Company . Secretary. The Company Secretary is responsible for ensuring good information flows between the Board and its committees and between· senior management and non-executive directors, as well as facilitating induction and assisting with professional . development of non-executive directors, as required. The directors may also seek independent, professional advice, where necessary, at NWM Pie's expense. 3. Director Responsibilities Policy & Framework NatWest Group has in place a Corporate Governance Framework, ·including a Corporate Governance Policy. All directors of NWM Pie are required to ensure that they are familiar with the Corporate Governance Framework and. that NWM Pie complies with it. NWM Pie also produces and • maintains a document called 'Our Governance' which sets out the high-level governance framework for NWM pie at both regional and global levels. The Board has a programme of seven scheduled meetings . every year. The Board's ToRs include a formal schedule of matters specifically reserved for the Board which are reviewed at least annually. Each director has a role. profile which clearly articulates their responsibilities and accountabilities. Similarly, any additional regulatory responsibilities and accountabilities where any of the directors undertake a Senior Manager Function (as defined under the Prudential Regulation Authority's and Financial Conduct Authority's 'Senior Manager Regimes') are set out in their Statement of Responsibilities. To support them in the discharge of their duties, all directors receive regular and timely information on all key a·spects of the business including financial performance, strategy, key risks, and market conditions.. • Conflicts of Interest The Board follows NatWest Group's guidance relating to directors' conflicts of interest. The Board has the power to authorise any actual or potential •conflicts of interest in accordance with the Companies Act 2006 and NWM Pie's Articles of Association. The company maintains a register of directors' interests and appointments and there is discussion of directors' conflicts in Boord meetings, as required. During the year, none of the directors declared any material interest, directly or indirectly, in any contract of significance •with any company within NatWest Group. All directors were reminded of their obligations in respect of transacting in NWM Pie securities (Personal Account Dealing) and all directors have confirmed that they have complied with their obligations.

Highlight [page 93]: Boord Committees In· order to provide effective oversight and leadership, the . Boord hos established a number of Boord committees with particular responsibilities: The Audit Committee comprises at least t~o independent non-executive directors, one of whom is the Chairman of the Board Risk Committee. The Committee assists the Board in discharging its responsibilities for monitoring the integrity of the financial statements. It reviews the accounting policies, .financial reporting and regulatory compliance prai:;tices of NWMPie, its system and standards of internal controls, and monitors the processes for internal audit and external audit. The Board Risk Committee comprises at least two independent non-executive directors, one of whom is the Chairman of the Audit Committee. The Committee provides oversight and advice to the Board in relation to current ·and potential future risk exposures and future risk profile; including determination of risk appetite, the effectiveness of the dsk management framework and (in conjunction with the Audit Committee) internal controls required to manage risk. The Committee also reviews compliance with NatWest Group Policy •Framework and reviews the performance of NWM Pie relative to risk appetite. • The Performance and Remuneration Committee (RemCo) comprises at least four indep.endent non-executive directors and assists the NatWest Group Performance and Remuneration Committee with the oversight and implementation of NatWest Group's remuneration policy. It.also considers and makes· recommendations on remuneration arrangements for senior executives of NWM Pie. The Nominations· and Governance Committee comprises the Chairman and at least two other independent non-executive directors. It is responsible for assisting the Board in the formal selection and appointment of directors. It reviews the. structure, size and composition of the Board and membership and chairmanship of Board committees. 4. Opportunity and risk The role of the Board is to promote the. long-term sustainable success of NWM Pie.. The Board reviews and approves risk appetite for strategic and material risks in accordance with NatWest Group's risk appetite. framework; monitors performance against.risk appetite for NWMPie; and considers ·any material risks and approves (as appropriate) recommended actions escalated by the NWM Pie Board Risk Committee. NWMPie's risk strategy is informed and shaped by an understanding of the risk landscape including a range of significant risks and uncertainties in the external economic, political and re~ulatory environments. NWMPie complies with NatWest Group's ·risk appetite framework, which is approved annually by the NWG pie Board, . in line with NatWest Group's risk appetite statements, frameworks and policies. NatWest Group risk appetite is set in line with overall strategy._ • NatWest Group operates an integrated risk management framework, which is centred on the embedding of a strong risk culture. The framew·ark ensures the tools and capability are in place to facilitate sound risk management and decision-making across the organisation. NWMPie.also complies with the NatWest Group Policy Framework, the purpose of which is to ensure that NatWest Group establishes and maintains NatWest Group-wide policies that adequately address the material inherent risks it faces.in its business activities. NWM Group Annual Report and Accounts 2021 91 Further information on NWM Pie's risk management framework including risk culture, _riskgovernance, risk appetite, risk controls and limits, and risk identification and measurement can be found in the capital and risk management section of this report. 5. Remuneration NatWest Group Remuneration Policy provides a consistent policy across all companies in NatWest Group arid ensures compliance with regulatory requirements. The policy is aligned with the business strategy, objectives, values and long-term interests of the· company. The policy supports ci culture where individuals are rewarded for delivering sustained performance in line with risk appetite and for demonstrating_the right conduct and behaviours. The Performance and Remuneration Committee (RemCo) reviews remuneration for executives of the company'and considers reports on the wider workforce including annual pay outcomes and diversity information. The RemCo helps to ensure that the remunt:?ration policies, procedures and practices being applied are appropriate at NWM Pie level. Executive remuneration structures incentivise individuals· to· deliver sustainable performance based on strategic objectives for NatWest Group and the relevant business area .. Performance is assessed against a balanced scorecard of financial and non-financial measures and variable pay-is subject to deferral as well as malus and clawback provisions to ensure rewards are justified in the long-term. . . The approach to performance management provides clarity for employees on how their contribution links to NatWest Group's ambition and all employees have goals set across a balanced scorecard of measures. NatWest Group continues to ensure employees are paid fairly for the work they do and are supported by simple and transparent pay structures in line with industry best practices. This clarity and certainty on haw pay is delivered is also helping to imprqve employees' financial ·wellbeing, which is a priority. Employees cire provided with flexibility in terms of how they wish to receive pay to suit their circumstances. Pay is benchmarked against the external market so that pay and benefits_are competitive. • NatWest Group is a fully accredited Living Wage Em.player in the UK with rates of pay that continue to exceed the Living Wage Foundation Benchmarks_. NatWest Group ensures colleagues have a common awareness of the financial and economic factors .affecting its performance through quarterly 'Results Explained' communicotions and Workplace Live events with the Group Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer. Further information on the remuneration policy can be found in the Directors' remuneration report (DRR) of the NatWest Group· pie 2021 Annual Report and Accounts along with the steps . being taken to build an inclusive and engaged workforce. The DRR also contains details of pay ratios for NatWest Group. Gender and Ethnicity Pay Gap information can be found in _the Strategic report section of the NatWest Group pie 2021 Annual Report and Accounts. 6. Stakeholder relationships and engagement NWM Pie is committed to managing the wider social, envir.onmentql and economic impacts of its operations which includes the way it deals with its customers and manages the sustainability of its supply chain.

Highlight [page 94]: The Boord recognises the importance of engaging with . stakeholders end discussions ct Boo.rd meetings ore focused around the impact that NWM Pie's activities may hove on key stokeholder·groups. A new Boord reporting style hos also been' introduced with a specific section focussing on the stakeholder impacts to support decision-making. For further details on the. Board's engagement with employees, customers, suppliers end others, and how these stakeholders' interests hove influenced one of the Board's principal decisions, see page 18 of the Strptegic report. Internal control over financial reporting ·The internal controls over financial reporting for NWM Group ore consistent with those ct NatWest Group level. -NWM Group hos designed ·end assessed the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting cs of 3f December 2021 based on the criteria set forth. by the Committee of Sponsodng Organizations· of-the Treadway Commission in the 2013 publication of 'Internal Control:.. Integrated Framework'. ~s port of the assessment, management hove considered the additional activities required for its 1nternol control over financial reporting during the year, such cs oversight on •controls performed on NWM Group's behalf, to better reflect the size, scale end overall materiality of the business profile compared to the NatWest Group framework. Any -deficiencies identified ore reported to NWM Group Audit Committee along with management's remediation plans Directors' interests Where directors of NWM Pie ore also directors of NWG pie, their interests in the shores of the ultimate holding company ct 31 December 2021 ore shown in the Annual report on remuneration section of the NatWest Group pie 2021 Annual Report end Accounts. None of the directors held on interest in the loon capitol of the ultimate holdin'g company or in the shores or loon capitol of NWM Pie or any of its subsidiaries, during the peri9d from 1 January 2021 to 17 February 2022. • Directors' indemnities In .terms of section 236 of the Companies Act 2006 (the 'Companies Act'), Qualifying Third Porty Indemnity Provisions hove been issued by the ultimate holding company to its directors, members of NWM Pie's Executive Committee, individuals ciuthorised by the PRA/FCA end certain directors end/or officers of NatWest ·Group's subsidiaries end ell trustees of NatWest Group's pension scheme. Going concern - NWM Pie's business activities qnd financial position, the factors likely to effect its future development end performance end its objectives end policies in monoging_the financial risks to which it is exposed, end its capitol are discussed in the Financial review. NWM Pie's regulatory capitol resources end significant . developments in 2021, end anticipated future developments ore detailed in the Capitol, liquidity end funding sections. These sections also describe NWM Pie's funding end liquidity profile, including changes in key metrics end the build-up of liquidity reserves. Having reviewed NWM Pie's principal risks, forecasts, projections, the potential impact of COVID-.19 and other relevant evidence,the directors hove a reasonable expectation that NWM Pie will continue in operational existence for o period of 12 months from the date of this report. Accordingly, the financial statements of NWM Pie have been prepared on o going concern basis. • NWM Group Annual Report and Accounts 2021 Political donations • During 2021, no political donations were mode in the UK or EU, nor any political expenditure .incurred in the UK or EU. Directors' disclosure to auditors Each of the directors ct the dote of approval of this report confirms that: (o) so for cs the director is aware, there is.no relevant audit information of which NWM Pl.e's auditors are unaware; and (b) the director has taken all the steps that he/she ought to have token as a director to make himself/herself aware of any relevant audit informcition and to establish that NWM Plc;s auditors are aware of that information. This confirmation is given and should be in.terpreted in accordance with the provisions of secti_on418 of the Companies Act.