
Highlight [page 25]: Statement of corporate governance arrangements During 2021, the COVID-19 pandemic continued to pose significant governance challenges. These included continued restrictions on holding face-to-face Board and other. meetings for much of the year, as well as difficulties associated with engaging with our stakeholders in lockdown or socially distanced scenarios. The Board recognised that these circumstances posed even greater difficulties and concerns for our employees and contractors working in operational environments, which, given the nature of our industry, often involves working in close quarters. Notwithstanding these headwinds, the Group remained committed to high standards of corporate governance. For the year ended 31 December 2021, the Company continued to apply the Wates Corporate Governance Principles for Large Companies, published by the Financial Reporting Council in 2019. The following section describes how the Company has applied the Wates Principles in 2021. Principle 1 - Purpose and leadership The Group's vision is to be the leading independent exploration and production company by meeting society's changing energy needs and creating value for all stakeholders. During the early part of 2021, the priority of the Board and the Executive Team was to ensure the longer- term success of the Group as we entered the second period of extensive international restrictions caused by the COVID-19 pandemic.

Highlight [page 26]: The Group held virtual meetings for the extended leadership team, comprising some 150 people, to ensure a consistent understanding of the Group's purpose, strategy and developments. The Executive Team met virtually on a weekly basis to discuss safety and operational matters and continued to engage with employees via a weekly CEOblog. There were also all-company events and site visits by the Executive Team, including a visit by our Group Human Resources Director to the Gj(l)aplatform in Norway in November 2021. These and other initiatives ensured close communications throughout the year, despite COVID-19 restrictions. Recognising the increasing importance of environmental, social and governance (ESG)matters to our stakeholders (including shareholders, bondholders, host governments and employees), we made further progress in delivering our three-year ESGroadmap. For example, we started reporting our equity share emissions and completed a review of human rights in our business and supply chain. See pages 5 - 7 for more information. Our continuing guiding principle is to carry out all of our activities in a manner that is 'safer, faster and better' than our peer group and our own past performance. In 2021 we: • Improved our process safety event rate to 1.68 per million hours worked {2020: 2.37). There were no serious personal injuries during 2021. However, our total recordable injury rate (TRIR)increased to 2.07 per million hours worked in the year (2020: 1.43), largely as a result of relatively minor incidents in the category of slips, trips and falls. An increased training, awareness and remediation plan has been put in place. • Delivered our Pl and Duva wells on time and under budget, receiving recognition from the Norwegian government. Both wells contributed significant additional volumes to the Group's production from February and August 2021 respectively. • Progressed our Equality, Diversity and Inclusion (ED&I) charter and held events throughout the year, including our first ED&I month in November, during which internal and external speakers hosted discussions and other events aimed at increasing awareness and understanding of ED&I. For further information, the Group's purpose, strategy and business model are set out in the Strategic Report on pages 4 to 24. Principle 2 - Board composition Details of the membership of the Board can be found on page 25. The Executive Chairman leads the Board and ensures that the views of all Directors are considered in the decision making process. As is common for privately-owned companies, the Directors are nominated by the shareholders. Although there are no independent directors on the Board, the Directors are highly experienced business leaders and frequently consider the interests of a broad range of stakeholders (including employees, joint venture partners, bondholders, customers, suppliers and others with whom we do business) in their decision-making processes. Given their diverse backgrounds as well as their extensive industry and financial experience, the Directors bring a variety of different points of view to Board discussions and decisions. As at 31 December 2021, the Board consisted of seven male directors. Principle 3 - Director responsibilities Decisionswithin the Group are carried out in accordance with strict principles set out in the Company's shareholders' agreement and articles of association. In reaching their decisions, the directors also have regard to the Group's obligations to its bondholders, shareholders and other stakeholders, including employees, joint venture partners customers, suppliers and others with whom we do business. The Directors receive detailed information relating to the operations and performance of the Group, both through the cycle of Board meetings and through regular updates by telephone or in writing. The Board Committees also support the Board in its decision-making processes (see the directors' report section of the 2021 Neptune Energy Group Midco Limited Annual Report for further information). The Board met 6 times in 2021 (whilst also receiving numerous interim and ad hoc updates), and, among other things, considered the following matters: • received regular updates - and provided input to - the Group's health, safety and environmental performance; • received regular feedback on the Group's financing, liquidity position;

Highlight [page 27]: reviewed and discussed the longer term strategy of the Group against the continued backdrop of unexpected geopolitical events; • reviewed and commented on progress of implementing the Group's environmental, social and governance (ESG) strategy and policies and the continued adoption of the Wates Corporate Governance Principles for Large Private Companies; • approved the Group's 2022 budget and business plan, including the Group's capital expenditure programme and operating expenditure; • approved the 2020 annual report and accounts; • reviewed the proposed 2021 Group scorecard as well as the output of the 2020 scorecard; • reviewed and analysed regular monthly and quarterly performance data including production and financial metrics; • received regular market updates and approved commodity hedging strategies in light of prevailing market conditions; • received regular updates and provided input on the Group's development projects as well as the issues affecting the Touat and Sn0hvit facilities; • reviewed and approved commercial arrangements for the sale of commodities produced by members of the Group and various amendments to such commercial arrangements; • reviewed and approved the implementation of certain aspects of the Group's management incentive plan; • reviewed certain of the Group's ethics and compliance policies and their implementation and approved the Group's modern slavery statement; • received updates on key disputes; • received updates on and approved various business development opportunities; • received updates on the Group's digitalisation and cyber security initiatives; • approved decisions relating to the capital structure of the Group and approved dividends; • reviewed the Group's risk profile and risk mitigation strategies; and • received regular feedback from the Group Audit and Risk Committee and the Remuneration Committee. Under the Company's shareholders' agreement, any Director having a conflict of interest on any matter being discussed by the Board will be required to recuse himself or herself and will not take part in the discussions relating to that matter or have a vote in any resolution relating to that matter. Principle 4 - Opportunity and risk The Board seeks opportunities to enhance the Group's business in a sustainable and responsible manner while also mitigating risk to the greatest extent possible. The Group continues to recognise both the risks and the opportunities associated with the energy transition while acknowledging the continued importance of gas and oil in the energy mix in the medium term. Gas and oil prices rose significantly during 2021 and international commodity markets experienced a great deal of volatility, particularly towards the end of the year. The Group continues to believe that, together, its lower carbon intensity exploration and production business, its gas-weighted portfolio and its growing lower carbon developments, position the Group well as the energy transition accelerates. The Group's approach to strategic opportunities is set out in further detail in the strategic review section of the 2021 Neptune Energy Group Midco Limited Annual Report. The Group's enterprise risk register and finance risk register are standing items at each meeting of the Group's Audit and Risk Committee (ARC).COVID-19 remained a key risk throughout the year and the ARCcontinued to monitor the pandemic and the Group's response to it carefully. The ARC identified other key emerging risks during the year, including the increasing risks associated with cyber attacks and cyber security, volatile commodity markets, climate change and regulatory change. Please see the Directors' report section of the 2021 Neptune Energy Group Midco Limited Annual Report for further information on the Group's approach to risk and risk management and for information relating to the ARCand the Group's Ethics and Compliance programme. Principle 5 - Remuneration The Group Remuneration Committee (Remco) is constituted primarily for the purpose of developing, maintaining, and

Highlight [page 28]: Directors' Report for the year ended 31 December 2021 implementing remuneration policies. The overriding objective of such policies is to attract and retain high-calibre individuals with a competitive reward package based on the achievement of corporate performance targets. These are linked to individual performance and accountability, and are designed to support the Group's commitment to exemplary safety standards and ethical values while rewarding long-term sustainable value creation. The Remco ensures that levels of compensation across the Group are sufficiently competitive to retain talent within the Group, as well as benchmarking the remuneration packages of the Executive Team. Additionally, the Remco reviews the Group's performance with regard to diversity and inclusion criteria, including benchmarking the Group against other industry players. Please see the directors' report section of the 2021 Neptune Energy Group Midco Limited Annual Report for further information on the activities of the Remco. Principle6 - Stakeholders We set out examples of how the Group has engaged with some of it key stakeholders, including our workforce, shareholders, bondholders, suppliers, local communities and customers, in the strategic review section of the 2021 Neptune Energy Group Midco Limited Annual Report. As well as informing business level decisions, an overview of the output of this engagement and related developments is reported to the Board, Committees and/or Executive Team, to ensure due consideration is given to stakeholders and the output of this engagement when decisions are taken at those levels. Results and dividends The results of the Company are set out on page 35. The net profit for the financial period ended 31 December 2021 was $385.4 million (2020: $407.4 million loss). Dividends of $311.0 million (2020: $nil) were declared and paid in the financial year ended 31 December 2021. Refer note 10. Future developments Future developments are discussed in the Strategic Report on page 4-24. Going concern Given the total available liquidity as at 31 December 2021 of $1.1 billion, comprising our cash balance ($125.7 million) and available and undrawn headroom under the RBLfacility ($930.0 million), and capital resources arrangements in place (see note 20), the consolidated accounts have been prepared on a going concern basis. The going concern basis is supported by future cash flow forecasts which project the Group's available liquidity and compliance with covenants through to 30 June 2023. The cash flow forecasts reflect forecast production consistent with our Board approved plans and externally published guidance and base case commodity prices that are slightly below current market conditions In reaching the conclusion that the going concern basis is appropriate, we have stress tested future cash flow forecasts and covenant compliance for the Group to evaluate the impact of plausible downside scenarios. These include scenarios that reflect short-term commodity price forecasts significantly below current market conditions as well as scenarios that consider the impact of unforeseen production outages. We have also performed a reverse stress test to inform our judgement, which demonstrated that we are resilient to sustained low commodity prices up to 50% below our conservative base case cash flow forecast. Under all plausible scenarios, it was concluded that the Group retains sufficient liquidity and headroom over its covenant ratio, and that the going concern basis remains appropriate. The likelihood of the commodity prices identified in the reverse stress test materialising is considered remote on the basis of market consensus for short-term commodity prices and relative to historic market lows. Share Capital No shares were issued in 2021 (2020: shares were issued at a premium of between $0.99 or $1.18). A total of 688,922,622 preference shares were redeemed in 2021 (2020: nil). On 24 February 2021, 11,230,897 preference shares were redeemed each with a nominal value of $0.01 and a share premium of between $0.00 and $1.18. Further on 15 December 2021, 677,691,725 preference shares were redeemed each with a $0.01 nominal value and a share premium of between $0.00 and $1.18.