
Highlight [page 27]: Corporate Governance The Directors have considered The Companies (Miscellaneous Reporting) Regulations 2018 and have applied the Wates CorporateGovernancePrinciplesfor LargePrivateCompanies. Principle 1- Purpose and Leadership The purpose, ambition and the strategic pillars of the Company are set out below: Qi,f pu,p()t~ To 1n5 ire that New look Tt'elin E;uy.:, lmp1nng: Expenen<e n '1~1~""~""~1,11,,,.,, !. 1111~' ,,,,t•J11'(,i:1tt • ~ KindTo OU, CM! C~to~.tkiti>tJ,:,tf!Wld:la h1~&.ct<ttitl)Mffu:1.ttlllij-l Flt for Chillrttv: ,,w"'w"-w ,,, ., • .., -,~,~~,,,,,.~.,.. ,-, -"" ••,,, The purposeand ambitionhave been integratedinto the ongoing strategyand business model. This is underpinned by our employee values which New Look colleagues helped to develop: We are one - reflectingthe importanceof working collaboratively It startswith me - encouragingcolleagues to take accountabilityand ownership Play to win - empoweringcolleagues to be brave& bold in their decision making Customerobsessed - ensuringcolleagues see from the customer'sperspective Principle 2 - Board Composition Informationabout our Board membersis set out on page 25. The requirementsas to the Groupboard composition and appointmentsare set out in the Shareholders'Agreement and comprisesthe non-executive Chairman, two executive Directors (the Chief Executive Officer ("CEO") and the Chief Financial Officer ("CFO")- both Directors of the Company), four non-executive Directors, and two investor Directors.

Highlight [page 28]: Principle 2 -Board Composition (continued) The investor Directors represent the majority shareholders, whilst one of the non-executive Directors represents the other shareholders. The non-executive Directors brmg experience in online, marketing, merchandising, buying, brand development, supply chain and finance. We feel the size of our Board and the expertise and constructive challenge of our non-executive Directors is suitable for the size and scope of our operations and enables effective decision making. We are focused on a strategic approach to Equity, Diversity and Inclusion ("ED&!") and have included it as a key initiative in the 'Kind to Our Core' strategic pillar. We have appointed a new role of Head of People Experience & Inclusion, in addition to having a dedicated ED&! Director Sponsor, a role that will sponsor ED&! on rotation, reflecting a shared accountability for this important agenda. As a predominantly womenswear brand, we remain focused on progressing women into senior roles across the business. Currently 36% of our Operational Directors and 61% of our Heads of Department are female. The Board remains committed to promoting diversity in all its forms. The Board members have equal voting rights except the non-executive Chairman who has the casting vote. Board members can obtain independent advice at the Company's expense as well as having full access to the Company Secretary as required. In accordance with best practice and as required under the Shareholders' Agreement, the Group Board has established an Audit Committee and a Remuneration Committee. The Audit Committee comprises two non-executive Directors, two investor Directors and one executive Director; the Remuneration Committee comprises two non-executive Directors, two investor Directors and one executive Director. The Committees have specific duties which have been delegated to them by the Board; details of these duties are set out in the terms of reference of each Committee. We have also formed a number of operational level committees, such as a Treasury Committee, an Investment Committee, the Governance & Compliance Steering Group and an Environmental, Social and Governance Steering Group. The terms of reference for these committees are aligned with the Shareholders' Agreement, where relevant, and approved by the Group Board. The Company has procedures in place for managing conflicts of interest. If a Board member becomes aware that they, or any of their connected parties, have an interest in an existing or proposed transaction, they have an obligation to notify the Board in writing, or at the next Board meeting. Internal controls are in place to ensure that related party transactions involving directors, or their connected parties, are conducted on an arm's length basis. Directors have a continuing duty to inform the Company of any changes to their interests. Principle 3 - Director Responsibilities As a wholly owned subsidiary of New Look Retail Holding Limited, the Company is subject to the obligations that arise from the Group Shareholders Agreement in relation to business conduct and reserved matters. As per the Shareholders' Agreement, certain matters are reserved for the Group's shareholders. Each shareholder reserved matter also requires approval from the Group Board. Separately there are matters reserved solely for the Group Board. Items which require Group Board or shareholder approval include, but are not limited to: intra-group dividend payments; incurring any new borrowings over a certain amount; acquiring new or selling business lines that substantially affect adjusted EBITDA; placing any Group companies into liquidation proceedings; any Group capital variations; and also approval for any appointment or removal of any senior employee. The Company Board meets as required to fulfil its statutory duties. A clear delegated level of authority (approved by the Group Board) exists within the Group authorising those below Statutory Director level to sign and commit expenditure. Principle 4 - Opportunity and Risk Opportunity We continue to refine our business strategy and are delivering a Transformation Plan to help us to improve performance and sustain changes for the long term. A cross functional working group has been established to work collaboratively on a detailed plan.

Highlight [page 29]: DIRECTORS' REPORT (CONTINUED) Principle 4 - Opportunity and Risk (continued) Opportunity (continued) This work builds on our existing business strategy and is focused on helping us to fulfil our ambition to "become the UK's leading feel-good fashion brand, the choice for fashion-loving 18-44 year old women." Short term opportunities to improve performance are agreed in the weekly Directors' meeting which are attended by the CEO, CFO, the Chief Customer Officer, Chief Commercial Officer and Chief Technology Officer, along with the other Operational Directors. Risk As a wholly owned subsidiary of New Look Retail Holding Limited, the identification, governance, management and reportine of risks nfthe. rompany are undertaken at Group level. Effective risk management is fundamental to achieving our business objectives, protecting our reputation and delivering added value to our stakeholders. The Board has overall responsibility for the risk management framework. The Governance and Compliance Steering Group meets monthly to monitor the Corporate Risk Register and review all emerging compliance and risk issues and support the operational implementation of actions that come out of the Audit Committee. The Audit Committee met three times during the year. The Audit Committee focuses on the integrity of reviewing our financial reporting; making sure they are reliable and understandable, ensuring our risk management processes are effective and controlled, and monitors all audit and compliance outputs, internal and external. The role of Internal Audit provides the Board and the Audit Committee with valuable assurance in relation to the management of risk across the organisation. Principal risks & uncertainties are detailed on pages 14 to 19. An Internal Agile Audit Plan is prepared on an annual basis and approved by the Group Board. An agile plan a11owsthe business to be flexible, proactive and respond to emerging risks. During the year we have re-established our ways of working, now building upon and embedding them into the team. Alongside Internal Audits carried out this year our Internal Audit team have also carried out an Internal Quality Assessment and a Maturity self-assessment and presented the outcome to the Audit Committee to review, agreeing an action plan. Principle 5--: Remuneration The remuneration of senior employees who receive a basic annual salary over £135,000 requires Group Remuneration Committee approval under the Shareholders' Agreement. Board approval is required to appoint or remove any employee with a salary of more than £200,000. Group Board and Shareholder approval is required to appoint or remove any non-executive director, the CEO or CFO. Board approval is required for any bonus schemes and share incentive schemes. Remuneration is benchmarked against the retail industry to appropriately incentivise and recruit the right talent. Principle 6 - Stakeholders Good governance and effective communication are essential to deliver our purpose and to protect the Group's brand and reputation. Our relationships with all stakeholders including shareholders, customers, employees, suppliers and local communities are key. Customers The Directors receive reports on customer feedback through our Voice of the Customer programme (customer satisfaction online and offline), brand health tracker and customer mindset tracker. Reports are also provided monthly on the market, consumer spending versus the market and New Look market share (both traffic and market value share). Competitor pricing and option counts are monitored, as are new-in and promotional activity. Econometrics modelling is used to monitor marketing spend return on investment. In addition, ad-hoc customer insight is carried out to explore customer perceptions and feedback as needed.

Highlight [page 30]: Principle 6 -Stakeholders (continued) People From a colleague perspective we created a new three-year People Fit For Change strategy, linked to our Transformation programme and driven by our purpose 'to inspire that New Look feeling'. It is built around five key focus areas: 1. Destination New Look - attracting, inspiring and uniting our colleagues to create the same experience for our customers. 2. Building New Foundations - transforming our people experience and culture through digital-first people solutions and systems. 3. Talent for Tomorrow - building and developing our talent and skills for tomorrow's business needs. 4. Transforming our Business & Ways of Working - evolving and aligning our ways of working to our omnichannel ambitions. 5. Equity, Divet1iity and Inclusive Culture - New Look's 50-year history was built on a foundation of a local, diverse and inclusive culture and this continues to be at the heart of everything we do. We are making progress, but we know that we need to go further to become an employer of choice, engaging our employees and being recognised externally as well as internally for inclusivity. We have appointed a new Head of People Experience & Inclusion who will help us drive the Equity, Diversity and Inclusion agenda forward across the business. People Fit for Change Strategy - to 1nspir,: & O,:lwer That New took reelm<J We keep colleagues informed and engaged with our People strategy through the Director presentations, Heads Of briefing sessions, colleague surveys, quarterly Director-led Town Hall events, bi-weekly Directors messages, monthly colleague transformation updates, as well as deep dive learning seminars linked to events such as the launch of our Kind Sustainability Refresh and International Women's Day. We recently established a Junior Retail Leadership Tearn and have developed and continued to expand '"Your Voice" listening groups at a functional level to engage colleagues and invite feedback and suggestions to continuously improve our culture and ways of working. In terms of future focus, we are working on plans to implement new People and IT systems which will further enhance our ways of working, communications and engagement with colleagues over the next two years. Suppliers Throughout the last year, the focus of our supplier relations has centred around recovery against a backdrop of ongoing volatility. We have faced significant sourcing pressures due to ongoing COVID-19 restrictions, raw material and energy cost price fluctuations, and significant freight service and cost unpredictability. In spite of this we have been running with a very stable and consistent supply base throughout the year. This included dealing with the shortage of energy supplies impacting China, India and Turkey production, supply and demand imbalances in Bangladesh due to uncertainties in other manufacturing regions, reduced capacities available in Turkey with a drive to grow short lead times as a result of freight cost increases, and the ongoing fallout from the conflict in Myanmar where we, along with our fellow member brands, are working with the Ethical Trade Initiate ("ETI") to risk assess our continued presence in the country.

Highlight [page 31]: Principle 6 -Stakeholders (continued) The close cooperation and communication we have with suppliers has remained pivotal to maintaining these supplier relationships. Through regular one to one dialogue between operational directors, heads of department and suppliers, we can share strategic updates and customer insights. Stability has been important to ensure legacy materials from the previous year were effectively and efficiently used to reduce waste and improve cost recovery, as well as making sound business sense against a backdrop of rising raw material costs. We engaged a Senior Sourcing Manager to reshape our Supply Base operations into a sourcing operation. Working with our buyers and suppliers, they are conducting a programme of Purchasing Practices training and extending the use ofOpt':n rn ..tings protocols identifying new opportunities to challenge and make better informed sourcing decisions