
Highlight [page 41]: Corporate Governance Report For the period ended 25 February 2022, under the Companies (Miscellaneous Reporting) Regulations 2018, the Company has applied the Wates Corporate Governance Principles for Large Private Companies (published by the Financial Reporting Council in December 2018 and available on their website). The Board is committed to the highest standards of corporate governance. How the six Wates principles have been applied over the past year is set out in this report. 1. Purpose and Leadership NG Bailey was formed in 1921 and is now the leading independent engineering and services business in the UK with a proud heritage and proven track record of achievement over more than 100 years. As a family-owned business, our shareholders are aaively involved stewards of the Group, with two family shareholders appointed as family non-executive Directors. The family maintain a visible presence in the Group, supporting a responsible culture across the business. We are a business founded on our values of Passion, Integrity, Responsibility and Excellence. Under the Board's direaion, these values underpin our purpose and vision, and guide the Group's strategy, decisions, processes and culture. These messages are communicated to our people through various routes including leadership conferences, business update videos and regular CEO briefings. Our purpose is chat together we create and maimain exceptional buildings and infrastructure to enable a society that conneas seamlessly, operates efficiently and prospers now and in the future. This supports our values statement, "Together, for positive impaa". To do this responsibly, we consider both our current operations and our future aaivities and recognise that the best way to achieve this is through our projects, and by working with our people, customers, supply chain and communities. Our 'Net Positive' strategy supports our goal of doing business in a way that ensures we put more into society, the environment and the global economy than we take out. The strategy outlines six key ambitions as summarised on pages 26 and 27. These commitments are a mix of operational goals that we strive to always meet, including zero harm, being a great place to work and delivering social value and sustainable growth. Alongside these, we have two transformational goals of zero carbon and zero waste that will drive long-term change through our operations. Each commitment is underpinned by long-term deliverables and each year we will define our priorities. The achievements in 2021/22 under each ambition are summarised on pages 28 and 29. Our success is marked by a continuing focus to do things better and to meet the challenges of the day, however tough. Spurred on by a growing demand for creative change, we explore ways of doing things differently whilst maimaining our responsibilities to our stakeholders which is considered further on pages 46 to 49. Passion -Integrity -~ ~ Responsibility -Excellence

Highlight [page 42]: 2. Board Composition We recognise the value that a diverse range of experience at Board level can offer to our business. Our Board of Directors comprises of two executive Directors (the Chief Executive and Chief Financial Officer) and five non-executive Directors (two are members of the Bailey family and three are independent non-executive Directors). Each of our Directors brings with them a wealth of knowledge and experience relevant to their area of expertise, which we believe provides a solid foundation for the direction and leadership of the Group. The strength of our non-executive Director group allows for constructive challenge of the executive team. All our Directors have access to the advice and services of the Company Secretary and, if they wish, can take professional advice at the Company's expense. Our Company Secretary ensures that the Board receives appropriate and timely information, that Board procedures are followed and that statutory and regulatory requirements are met. Our independent non-executive Directors are wholly independent in that they have no material business relationships with the Group that might influence their independence or judgement. We have a separate Chairman and Chief Executive to ensure an effective balance of responsibility, accountability and decision making. Likewise, all the Directors have opportunities to voice their views at Board meetings and have equal voting rights when making decisions. Our Chairman (non-executive Director) is responsible for the Board's effectiveness and sets its agenda. He facilitates the effective contribution of the non-executive Directors and ensures a positive and constructive relationship across the Board and with shareholders. Our Chief Executive is responsible for the operational management of the Group. He is accountable to the Board for carrying out the Group's strategy, including its corporate responsibility commitments. Whilst the Board maintains oversight over all its duties, certain of these are executed through committees which have clearly defined terms of reference. Family and independent non-executive Directors are members of these committees so there is an appropriate degree of challenge and influence in these areas. L-The Directors maintain and develop their skills, knowledge and familiarity with the Group through meetings with senior management and shareholders and visiting operations (such as visits to project sites). There is an induction programme for all new Directors which is tailored ro their specific experience and knowledge and which provides access to all parts of the business. The Board periodically reviews its effectiveness and programme. The most recent internal effectiveness review took place in December 2019 (next review planned for 2022) and concluded that the Board was comfortable with its activities and the approach it was taking. Some suggestions to further enhance its effectiveness were made, such as continuing to support succession planning. A dedicated succession planning meeting is held every year with members of the Board. We acknowledge that Board diversity is a challenge across our sector and are committed to fostering an inclusive culture that encourages diversity across the Group including at the most senior levels. Workforce diversity is discussed further on page 45.

Highlight [page 43]: Chaired by the independent non-executive Chairman and comprising of seven Directors listed on page 52. Group Subcommittees Audit Committee Remuneration Committee Nomination Committee Pensions Steering Committee Family Employment and Development Committee Investment Committee Group Operating Executive (GOE) Chaired by the Chief Executive, the Group Operating Executive (GOE) is the senior leadership team for driving the operational and strategic performance of the business. The members of the GOE are: Chief Executive Group HR Director Managing Director, Engineering Chief Financial Officer Group Commercial Director Managing Director, Services Group Subcommittees Audit Committee The Audit Committee is responsible for reviewing the Group's systems of internal control and risk management. It receives reports from both the internal and external auditors on the effectiveness of those conLrul~ c:111dr ecornmendatlons for their improvement. The Committee meets four times a year. These meetings are also attended by the Chief Financial Officer and the Group Financial Controller. The Head of Audit and Assurance and other Group executives and the external auditors, RSM UK Audit LLP,are invited to attend for specific items on the Audit Committee's business timetable. The Board is satisfied that at least one member of the Audit Committee has relevant financial experience and knowledge to allow for an appropriate level of constructive challenge. Investment Committee The Investment Committee is responsible for appointing and overseeing suitable investment managers for our current asset investments and monitoring their performance against agreed benchmarks. Nomination Committee The Nomination Committee is responsible for monitoring the composition and balance of the Board and making recommendations to the Board on new Board appointments. Dependent upon the appointment being made, the Committee will be selected from the Board as appropriate. The Committee met once during the year to consider the appointment of a new independent non-executive director, who is due to join the Board in Summer 2022. Pensions Steering Committee The Pensions Steering Committee is responsible for establishing and reviewing the Group's pension arrangements, strategy and procedures and ensuring that they balance business risk with employee interests over the short, medium and long-term. The Committee advises the Board on a range of matters relating to the Group's pensions arrangements (defined benefit and defined contribution schemes) including compliance evolution, scheme performance and investment strategy considerations. Family Employment and Development Committee (FEDC) The FaQiilyEmployment and Development Committee is responsible for developing family members' knowledge and understanding of the Group and introducing them to the employment opportunities available in the Group. It has a particular focus on the "next generation" of shareholders. Remuneration Committee The Remuneration Committee is responsible for making proposals to the Board concerning remuneration for the executive Directors and the senior executives and managers and approving the annual salary pay award for the Group. The Committee meetings are attended by the Chief Executive and the Group HR Director when it is considered appropriate for them to do so.

Highlight [page 44]: 3. Directors' Responsibilities The Board is responsible cothe shareholders for the overall success of the Group. The Board reviews and ~p~roves the Group's strategy, monitors its implementation and reviews business performance and the control framework in place. The Group Operating Executive (GOE), led by the Chief Executive, is responsible for dev~l?ping the Group's strategy and pohoes and their implementation along with day-to-day management and monitoring of performance. The GOE has a regular cycle of meetings and conference calls throughout the year. The Board has a programme of seven principal meetings every year and operates an agenda of standing items appropriate to the Group's operatina and reporting cycle including health b and safety, financial performance, strategy, risks and opportunities, market conditions, operational and people matters and responsibility. The Board has put in place reporting processes and other controls desianed to ensure that it is provided with r~levant information on a timely basis, which set out authorisation limits and reserve certain significant matters for the Board or its committees. The Chairman is responsible for effective communication with the shareholders and undertakes the task of evaluation of performance and commitment of individual members of the Board, the Board of Directors as a whole and its Subcommittees. The performance of the Chairman is evaluated by the Chair of the Audit Committee. The Group's conflicts of interest policies are outlined in the Code of Integrity for Employees which applies to all employees including the Directors and other members of the wider leadership team. The Code requires employees to act honestly'. fairly and with transparency and not act In a manner which could discredit them or NG Bailey or put themselves in a position which may result In a conflict of interest. A register of potential conflicts is maintained, and :conflicts of interest' is a standing agenda item at each Board meeting. 4. Opportunity and Risk The overall sustainability and success of ?ur Grou_pdepends upon our ability co 1dent1fynsks and opportunities in both the short and long-term. Opportunities Short-term opportunities are identified and addressed as part of the monthly business performance and quarterly forecast review processes which are attended by the Chief Executive. Chief Financial Officer and members of the senior leadership teams of the Group's divisions. Long-term strategic opportunities are considered as part of the annual Group strategy process which is presenced to the Board. This includes an assessment of how the Group creates and preserves value for the long-term includina both financial and non-financial risks~nd opportunities. Specific presentations on significant opportunities and contracts are also given to the Board by the management team to allow for constructive challenge. Risks The Group operates a Risk Management Framework across the business in order to identify risks which threaten the objectives of the Group, what systems and controls are in place to manage these nsks and what further action may need to be taken to reduce these risks to acceptable levels. The Group's systems and controls, which have been developed and refined over many years, are designed to ensure that the Group's exposure to significant risks Is properly managed in a timely manner. The B~ard has overall responsibility for revIewIng the effectiveness of these systems and controls, taking into account the key risks and exposures within the Group. Risk registers that include an assessment of the potential impact and likelihood of identified risks and outline the current controls in place to bring the risks to an acceptable level are maintained at various levels: by the Head of Audit and Assurance. These principal risks and uncertainties are outlined in the Strategic Report on pages 36 to 38. The Chief Executive formally presents the GOE risk register cothe Board for discussion and review biannually. Each division and key functional area maintains a risk register supported by the Head of Audit and Assurance to ensure consistency and rigour. The divisional and functional risk registers are reviewed annually on a cyclical basis by the Audit Committee. The Audit Committee selects key activities for more_detailed review three times a year covering how the activities are managed and the processes and controls in place to mitigate risk and maximise opportunities in these areas. Our delegated authorities matrices (DAMs) clearly set out our financial and commercial authorisation framework and form a central part of our governance approach. Alongside each division's detailed policies and procedures, these combine to help guide responsible decision making throuahout the business. Oversight is maintain~d over corporate policies via the newly launched quality management system to ensure they are regularly reviewed and updated, and any changes are approved and controlled. Additionally, the Internal Audit and Assurance function assists the Board in understanding threats and opportunities relating to the Group's assets, reputation and sustainability. Risk-based audits of the control framework provide assurance over the adequacy and effectiveness of existing controls and the integrity of reported information. This is a blend of audits performed by the in-house Internal Audit and Assurance team and audits performed by our co-source partner (BOO) particularly for specialist areas. Board risk register GOE risk register Divisional and functional risk registers. The Board risk register is in place to capture the most significant risks faced by the Group, Board and shareholders which require oversight and monitoring at a Board level. The register is reviewed by the Board annually. The GOE maintains an overall Group risk register comaining the principal risks faced by the Group and undertakes a full risk review biannually, facilitated Actions from these audits are tracked through to completion with progress reported to the Audit Committee. The Group's systems and controls are designed to manage rather than eliminate risks and can only provide reasonable and not absolute assurance. A crisis management exercise, using the ~G Bailey Crisis Management Plan (CMP), Is carried out periodically by the GOE to rehearse the Group's response to, and recovery from, a crisis situation. The crisis management approach was used to support the Group's response to the COVID-19 situation.

Highlight [page 45]: 5. Remuneration The Remuneration Corrmittee·s primary responsibility is ensuring that remuneration is set at a level which reflects the long-term interests of the Group, shareholders and employees. This recognises that to deliver our strategic aims we need to retain, motivate, and where necessary attract, senior executives and other employees of the highest quality. Tl 1eRernuneratlon Committee has a clearly uerir 1et.lterms of reference and is responsible for making proposals to the Board concerning remuneration for executive Directors and the GOE. In addition, it has an oversight role with regards to the remuneration policy for senior managers (normally the first layer of management below GOE level). In carrying out these responsibilities, the Committee considers remuneration packages throughout the Group and also approves the annual salary pay award for the wider workforce. The Committee seeks external support when it feels it is necessary to fulfil its duties and takes advice and guidance from a number of recognised external advisors. This includes specialists in executive pay and benefit benchmarking, executive pay process and methodology, pensions and employee benefits. Pay for senior executives is aligned with both short and long-term performance. Short-term performance is recognised through our senior management bonus scheme with criteria requiring both financial and non-financial achievement. The non-financial objectives are linked to the Group's priorities and values including health and safety, sustainability and people development. Long-term success is rewarded through our Long-Term Incentive Plans (open ro members of the GOE)which aligns remuneration with the long-term financial and non-financial objectives of the Group including the family's Guiding Principles. Annually the Committee reports Directors' pay to the shareholders at the Annual General Meeting. For our workforce, we offer a competitive package of salary, fixed and flexible benefits and employee discounts across tre Group. This is reviewed annually to ensure that our people are fairly rewarded for their work in the light of market conditions whilst individual salary reviews are linked to personal performance as measured through our annual performance assessment process. Many of our front-end workforce are rnvPrPrl by national agreements and as such their pay and benefits are defined by these. We regularly review this to ensure that the Group, as a minimum, complies with these requirements. During 2021, there were no senior manager bonus schemes or long-term incentives plans in place given the unusually high level of economic uncertainty during the pandemic. The Group's improved performance and growth plans have enabled a return to the pre-pandemic incentive arrangements for 2022 which are subject to the achievement of targets. The Remuneration Committee approved a pay award for the Group-wide workforce for the 2022/23 year. We recognise that workforce diversity and gender pay are areas for improvement within our industry and that this will take time. We are committed to our principles of Fairness, Inclusion ' and Respea and we believe that utilising these willenable JS to attract. recruit ard retain the best people,ensuringequity at the pomt of selectiorand rraking NG Baileya placewhere everyonefeels welcomedand valued.The outcome will be a diverseand talentedworkforce that willcontirue to make NG Baileyan outstandingorganisation. We actively promote and support initiatives to encourage inclusivity, for all employees to pursue their careers within our sector and partner with organisations to support this including ENEI(Employers Network for Equality and Inclusion); a leadmg employer network promoting equality and inclusion in the workplace. We are a proud member ofThe 5% Club, a select group of companies committed to increasing the number of apprentices and graduates in the workforce, and we work with Serious About Youth in London, sponsoring their 'Construkt' work readiness programme, providing a fast-track route to our apprenticeship recruitment process for interested candidates. These initiatives will pay dividends in the future as the trainees, graduates and apprentices we recruit today develop into the senior leaders of tomorrow.

Highlight [page 46]: 6. Stakeholders Our employees. customers, suppliers, communities and other stakeholders expect the highest levels of operational and technical excellence from us as a business. The Board believes chat in order to achieve our goals and protect our reputation and relationships with our stakeholders, robust governance and effective communication are essential on a day-to-day basis. Last year we carried out a review with our stakeholders to identify the issues that matter most to them. We examined the environmental, social and supply chain issues that are of most concern co our stakeholders against those that pose risks or present opportunities to the Group. This analysis enabled us to identify the material issues that our stakeholders want us to prioritise as a business. The findings are set out below. Our shareholders and wider family The Group recognises the importance of dialogue with our shareholders. The family's Guiding Principles aim to capture the family's long-term aspirations for the business including leadership excellence. being an employer of choice and acting as a responsible business. The Board continues to seek to align the Group's strategic direction with these Guiding Principles. The Chairman of the Board and the two family non-executive Directors are the primary communication routes between the Board and shareholders. The Family Council is a representative body for the family which supports the development of responsible owners, facilitates communication between the family and the business via the Board and encourages healthy relationships with the family and the Board. The family non-executive Directors are both members of the Family Council to provide a communication link between the Board, che shareholders and the wider family. All Board members attend the Annual General Meeting and are available to answer questions from the shareholders. The Chairman. Chief Executive and Chief Financial Officer meet with the shareholders on two further occasions each year to review strategic objectives and the performance of the Group. Members of the senior management team also provide business updates on various topics during these family update sessions. This programme of communications provides an opportunity for the business to understand the shareholders' goals and priorities for the Group. Engagement with the next generation of shareholders is supported by the Group at the annual 'Next Generation' event.

Highlight [page 47]: Our people Our people are at the heart of everything we do. We value their commitment, technical expertise and endeavours in helping us achieve our goals. We recognise and reward exceptional performance from our employees through the employee recognition scheme value awards and our long service awards. Our Group-wide commitment to putting health and safety first and foremost is core to how we operate with a Safety, Health and Environment (SHE)update at every Board meeting. We continue to develop and invest in our approach to health and _safetyand _are progressing some significant InitIatIves_ including our new performance reporting system MySafety (launching_imminently) and our behavioural Safety in Mind programme underway to help focus our employees' attention and actions on working safely. The MySafety reporting system allows our people to report incidents quickly and easily (including Don't Walk By reports) and complete inspections and risk assessments electronically. It also provides us with the ability to analyse trends in detail and identify current and emerging risks. The cultural development programme, Safety in Mind is all about why we do what we do. Our safety systems, processes, procedures and training_must be underpinned by the positive choices and behaviours of the people using them, as the critical path in nearly all incidents is the choices that individuals make. The programme will support our proactive safety culture through: Equipping everyone with an understanding of why they make the choices they do and how to make better ones Sharing a common language, encouraging everyone to talk to each other about safety Ensuring everyone understands their role and the impact they can have on health and safety. Our work towards ensuring a safe working environment for our people and those around us resulted in success at the 2022 RoSPAAwards where we received three Gold Medal Awards, one Gold Award, six President's Awards and the RoSPAOrder of Distinction for our outstanding health and safety performance over the last 17 years. Fairness, Inclusion and Respect is a key focus for our business. As part of our commitment to being an employer of choice we recognise the important role chat a diverse and inclusive culture plays in our organisation. As a minimum we expect all our people and those working on our behalf to treat those around them in a fair, inclusive and respectful manner. Our Equality, Diversity and Inclusion b euide alongside our Codes of Integrity for Employees and Business _ Partners addresses our expectations In this regard. Our Fairness, Inclusion and Respect Strategic Leadership Group provides the leadership and drive in this area. We have a clearly defined outcome to be recognised as an employer of choice and one of our key strategic objectives is to engage, train and retain our people. Talent is attracted and retained through clear career paths across the Group and adult training in technical and leadership skills, alongside a growing number of apprentice schemes. We employed our first apprentice in 1934 and since then have successfully trained nearly 6,000 people in their chosen field. During COVID-19, we effectively utilised virtual platforms and digital learning to ensure that our apprenticeship training was unaffected and all critical safety, certified or accredited training continued. We are targeting to recruit our highest number of apprentices for 15 years during 2022 and we are also relaunching our graduate recruitment scheme in 2022. Regular 'Pulse' surveys provide insight into what the Group's people are thinking and feeling and help to shape our people strategy. The results and feedback of the December 2021 employee 'Pulse' survey were generally positive with both satisfaction and morale at work scoring well. Importantly, nearly 90% of employees agreed that the Group puts safety first and foremost. Team briefings, regular CEO briefings, business update videos and senior leadership conferences further enable the Group to engage and communicate with its people. A 'one-stop shop' for all communication and news is provided by the employee portal 'MyNGBailey'. A workplace forum has been established in the Engineering division to improve the level of engagement and collaboration. The aims of the forum are to enhance quality, safety and productivity on our project sires and ensure that the interests, ideas and concerns of all employees are heard, understood and responded to. We have in place our 'Speak Up' policy which encourages employees to raise their concerns in confidence if they observe or suspect misconduct or inappropriate behaviour. Employees who speak up are protected when raising concerns in good faith and a number of channels are provided to raise concerns including via an external independent organisation.

Highlight [page 48]: In support of our strategic commitment co have a happy and healthy workforce, we have invested in a Group-wide Working Well strategy that has been designed to encourage individual wellbeing to deliver business and personal success together. The Working Well Hub makes resources, information and practical support accessible to all our people. Mental and physical wellbeing continues co be an important part of our people policy and there is a suite of initiatives to support our people when they require it. We promote our wellbeing offering via internal channels including regular wellbeing communications to remind employees of the support programmes in place and a series of campaigns encouraging physical and mental health wellbeing including a mental health awareness week. We provide 24/7 support via our Employee Assistance Programme, a completely confidential and personal service offering counselling and advice for all employees. cS00 managers and supervisors have been trained in mental health and wellbeing awareness during the period with similar training planned for the upcoming year. Through our Modern Workplace programme, we are heavily investing in our ICTsystems and improving the technology we use to support our philosophy of 'making it easy to work here'. Increased remote working following COVID-19 has been facilitated by an investment in our ICT infrastructure, including additional equipment and improved mobile devices, together with the introduction of remote access and Microsoft Teams software to enable our people to connect with colleagues through video calls and virtual meetings. .. Connecting people virtually through our Modern Workplace programme Our customers We build close relationships with our customers via a variety of communication methods including regular meetings (face-to-face and virtual}, site visits and group communications such as our bi-annual digital magazine lnfocus and social media interaaions. Alongside our periodic customer engagement surveys, these provide a route for feedback from customers to identify improvements and retain our industry-leading reputation, supporting the long-term success of the Group. We have recently undertaken a Group-wide Net Promoter Score (NPS} survey with excellent feedback from our customers. As a result, we continue to see high numbers of repeat customers within our Engineering division and exceptionally strong retention rates in our Services division (> 90% across all businesses}. Our suppliers Our supply chain partners form an important part of our business and play a key role in our continued success. We want to build and maintain a supply chain that embodies our values and vision. We follow a Customer of Choice strategy so we can manage our supply chain in a responsible and sustainable way and also make sure we have a selection of suppliers and subcontractors who not only perform well but undertake their activities to the highest quality standards and safety expectations. The introduaion of Payment Practices and Performance Reporting has increased the level of scrutiny of how companies pay their suppliers. Payment performance in our sector is inherently challenging due to complex supply chains, contractual terms and the impact of disputes. We closely monitor our payment performance and regularly report on it to the Board, Audit Committee and shareholders. We recognise the importance of supporting our supply chain and continuously invest in our processes and procedures to pay our supply chain on time. This has resulted in significant improvement in our payment performance reporting over recent years with the percentage of invoices paid within 60 days increasing from 57% in the second half of 2019 to 97% in the second half of this year. Labour exploitation and modern slavery are risks that our industry, business and wider supply chain face and we are committed to combatting this in partnership with others. The Group is a signatory to the Gangmasters and Labour Abuse Authority Construction protocol, a public commitment of our efforts in this area, and is an affiliate member of the TISC(Transparency in the Supply Chain) reporting website. Our Anti-Slavery and Human Trafficking Policy and Modern SlaveryAct Statement can be found on our website www.ngbailey. com. We have in place a Code of Integrity for Business Partners which applies to all entities acting in partnership with or on behalf of NG Bailey and sets out clearly our expectations in this area. Pension trustee We regularly communicate and work collaboratively with the Pension Trustee of our defined benefit pension scheme (The Pension and Life Assurance Plan of NG Bailey) including attendance by the Trustee at the Pension Steering Committee meetings periodically. This ensures that decisions made by both the Group and the defined benefit pension scheme reflect the interests of all stakeholders, particularly the members of the scheme. Our communities We recognise that our responsibilities extend beyond our immediate operations, into the communities we work within and wider society as a whole. The Group's commitment to delivering social value is outlined on pages 30 and 31. In 2018, we adopted the UN's 17 Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs) as part of our responsibility reporting to demonstrate our impact beyond the business. Our 'Net Positive' responsibility strategy continues to align with them., In recognition of our commitments and progress towards these global goals, we are the only company in our sector to be awarded the top five-star rating by Support the Goals, an initiative to rate and recognise businesses that support the SDGs. We are always willing to listen to the concerns of our communities and have established communication channels via our website to facilitate this. We make every effort to ensure we operate as a good neighbour in our local communities

Highlight [page 49]: making consideratiors for appearance, noise. environmental ard access irrpaas as a result of our work. We recognise that our sector reeds to engage a diverse range of individuals if we are to continue to be successful. In light of this we are engagirg with young people and educators in relation to their adoption of science, technology, engineering arid maths (STEM}.Througt-> our engagement programme. INSPIRE, we've engaged with more ti-tan 10,000 students across the UK througt-> school workshops, site visits and work experience weeks as we have sought to bring real life experience and role models into the learning environment for the benefit of young people and to help encourage tr.em into STEMcareers that help to address the current skills shortage. Of those students engaged, a large majority reported an increase in knowledge regarding engineering with around two-thirds stating that they were more interested in a career in STEM following our engagement. In the wake of COVID 19 and the impact on schools and colleges which has naturally slowed the programme, we've been able to take our sessions online. In Manchester we've worked with Speakers for School to support #GreenSkillsWeek including a four day focus on the restoration of Manchester Town Hall. Bring real life experience and role models via our engagement programme As a business we play an important role in the communities we work in. We irvest in supporting our employees in their charitable efforts through financial and in-kind support and charitable cash donations in the period totalled £1 Ok (2021: £8k). Our Ergineering division is partnering with CRASH,the Construction Industry's Charity. Activities so far include supporting their Christmas card appeal in December 2021 and colleagues from the North-West region walking more than five million steps as part of #thel:m.:imarch fundraising effort in March 2022. To srow our support for the people of Ukraine, we donated £50k to the Disasters Emergency Committee in March 2022 to support families fleeing the conflict and help provide food, water, shelter, healthcare and protection. lSOu@@@ d@~©Jti@rru One of our key considerations as a Group is to reduce our impact on the environrrem. We have a strorig ristory of achievement ard were an early ac;lopter of low carbon cecrrolog1es. Further details car be fourd Ir our Streamlined Energy and Carbon Reportirg on pages 32 to 35.

Highlight [page 50]: Development team support the delivery of our Group-wide tr ainir1gc1r1d development activities, ensuring we have the right expertise in terms of knowledge, skills and competencies throughout the organisation. Enabling our people to be the best they can be is at the heart of what we do. We believe training and development comes in many forms and work in partnership with the business to identify or create the most appropriate solutions to the challenges we face offering lifelong learning opportunities from early careers to senior leadership. We are cornmittt=-dtn hPlr>ingpeople develop and grow behaviours that reflect our values and a strong set of technical skills. We have our award-winning Apprenticeship Programme and deliver a wide range of professionally recognised qualifications, cultivating the next generation of talented people and making NG Bailey a great place to work.

Highlight [page 51]: s a business we are actively inspiring the next generation through our award-winning apprenticeship programme. So, it's great to hear first-hand from one of our current apprentices about their experience as an NG Bailey apprentice. There's an inspiring interview with building services project engineer apprentice, Harry Playfair, in the February 2022 edition of the CIBSEJournal. In the interview, Harry talks about the -projects he's worked on during his time with us, the valuable guidance and support he's received from his colleagues, his work as a STEM ambassador, and why he thinks apprenticeships are a great route into the industry. Harry is also CIBSE'scurrent Technician Apprentice of the Year, after successfully winning the award in 2021.