
Highlight [page 78]: Corporate Governance Statement For the year ended 31 December 2021, under The Companies [Miscellaneous Reporting) Regulations 2018, the Bank has adopted the Wates principles for large private companies as an appropriate framework when making a msclosure about its corporate governance arrangements. Each of the six Wates Principles has been considered individually within the context of the Bank's specific circumstances and a short supporting statement is set out below to explain how each principle has been applied to achieve better outcomes. 9 Purpose and Leadersh;p Board compos;tion An affective Boord develops and promotes the purpose of a company, and ensures that its values, strategy and culture align with that purpose. As Northern Ireland's biggest bank, we have been helping people and businesses achieve their ambitions for over 200 years. We support financial stability by running a profitable business, conducting our activities in e responsible manner end making our time and expertise available for the benefit of the communities that we serve. The Bank's new purpose, and ultimately its vision, is to help customers, colleagues and society thrive and to be a Leader in Northern Ireland, challenger in GB, driving sustainability. These three focus areas form the framework of our Corporate Plan, which is developed on an annual basis by management under the Board's direction. The Board is committed to a culture of strong ethical behaviour as embodied in our core values - which together are central to the Bank's vision of "being a Leader in NI, challenger in GB, dMving sustmnatnlity". Our Culture Wheel articulates the behaviours that are critical for the future success of our business. The wellbeing of our colleagues, customers and wider society lies at the heart of what we do and ensures alignment of our wellbeing strategy with our people strategy and overall corporate responsibility agenda. Effective Board composition requires an effective choir and a balance of skins. backgrounds, experience and knowledge, with individual Directors having sufficient capacity to make o valuable contribution. The size of o Boord should be guided by the scale and complexity of the company. U The Bank has a separate Chairman and Chief Executive to ensure that the balance of responsibilities, accountabilities and decision making across the Bank is effectively maintained. The Chairman plays a pivotal role in creating the conditions for overall Board and individual Director effectiveness and ensuring that the Board is effective in its task of setting and implementing the Bank's direction and strategy. The Board comprises a Chairman, Chief Executive Officer. Deputy Chief Executive Officer, two Group Non-Executive Directors and four Independent Non• Executive Directors. The size and composition of the Board is appropriate to the Bank's size, nature and complexity of the business. The combination of skins of the Directors is considered suitable for the nature of the organisation: Independent Non-Executive Directors bring experience in banking end finance, audit and technology, in addition to perspectives and challenge from outside the banking industry. There is an appropriate mix oflocal, national and international directors and the Board continues to improve its gender balance noting that by quarter four 2021 gender diversity on the Board was 30% female. It is also worthy of note that the position of CEOis held by a female for the first time in the Bank's 200 year history. This is reflective of best practice in that the Bank now has at least one women in the role of Chair, CEO, SID & CFO. In 2021, the Board Nominations Committee demonstrated its commitment to gender diversity by agreeing a gender diversity target of at least 40% of Board seats to be held by women by 2025 with gender parity by 2030. The Directors have equal voting rights when making decisions, except the Chairmen. who has the casting vote. AH Directors have access to the advice and services of the Company Secretary and may, if they wish take professional advice at the Bank's expense.

Highlight [page 79]: meetings, with Board members demonstrating good engagement with the business and a sound understanding of the Bank's strategy and associated risks and cheTienges. The duties of the Board ere executed partially through committees. The independent Non-Executive Directors are members of and act as chairs to relevant committees so that they ere able to challenge end influence a broad range of areas across the Bank. Directors update their skills, knowledge and familiarity with the Bank by meeting with senior management, visiting operations and by attending appropriate internal and external seminars and training courses. There is an induction programme for all new Directors which is tailored to their specific experience and knowledge and which provides access to all parts of the business, including access to the Bank's sole shareholder, Danske Bank A/S (the 'Group'). ~~ Director responsibilities The Boord and individual Directors should hove a clear understanding af their occountabmty and and procedures ahould support effective decision-making and independent challenge. ~· ,.) ' ( ii .• ..::;:::r Each Board member has a clear understanding of their accountatnlity and responsibilities. The Board has a programme of at least seven principal meetings every year end whilst Board oversight is always maintained, key decisions are made by the individuals and committees with the most appropriate knowledge and industry experience. At each Board meeting, all Directors are asked to declare any potential conflicts of interest. These declarations are conated by the Company Secretary and where there are potential conflicts, appropriate safeguards are implemented. In addition, certain governance responsibilities are delegated to other Board committees (Audit, Risk, Remuneration and Nominations). Membership of these committees is comprised entirely of Independent Non-Executive Directors who support effective decision-making and independent chaTienge. The Independent Non-Executive Directors are wholly independent in that they have no material business or relationships with the Bank that might influence their independence or judgement. There is a process in place for regular Board effectiveness reviews to seek independent, objective advice on the effectiveness of the Board's decision-making, its structure, its people and its processes. The Board last undertook a formal effectiveness review facilitated by an independent external adviser in 2020. Between externally facilitated assessments, the Board has conducted informal self-assessments which the Board considers important in the identification of key areas for future improvements, focus and for strengthening its overall performance. An informal self-assessment of the Board was carried out in 2021. Opportunity and risk A Board should promote the long-term sustainable success of the company by identifying opportunities to create and preserve value, and establishing oversight for the identification and mitigation af risks. The promotion of the long-term sustainable success of the Bank is fundamental to the Bank's 5 year Corporate Plan which is updated each year, under Board direction. It is the view of the Board that the long-term future of the Bank win be about geographical diversification in the rest of the UK whilst retaining our leadership position in Northern Ireland es our core home market along with increased digitalisation to support an efficient and effective suite of customer propositions. At Board level, oversight of risk is delegated to the Board Risk Committee, which meets at least four times per year, the membership of which is comprised entirely of Independent Non-Executive Directors, ensuring there is appropriate accountability to stakeholders. There is also a well-established Corporate Governance Framework which establishes oversight for the identification end mitigation of risks across the Bank. 0 Remuneration A Boord should promote executive remuneration structures aligned to the Tong-term sustainable success af the company, toking into account pay and conditions elsewhere in the company. The Board of the Bank has an established RemCo, which is chaired by the Senior Independent Director. The RemCo is instrumental in the Board's fulfilment of its governance responsitnlities relating to the remuneration of employees and in particular the alignment of performance related pay with the long-term interests of the Bank and its policy on risk and stakeholders in the Bank. The Board is committed to creating an environment at all levels in the Bank which enables people to perform and develop their abilities and potential. A diverse workplace which does not attach specific importance to; age, community hRckBround or country of origin, disability, gender, nationality, political opinion, religious belief, or sexuality, ensures that we are able to attract talented employees who wmcontribute to the Bank's success and better reflects our diverse customer base. Annuany, the RemCo prepares a Remuneration Report which is published on our website WW)!!..d.ar:i1*a_b_ank.c_o,vk.

Highlight [page 80]: Stakeholder relationships and engagement Al Directors should foster effective shareholder relationships aligned to the company's purpose. The Boord is responsible for overseeing meaningful engagement with stakeholders, including the workforce. and having regard to their views when taking decisions. The Board has strong relationships with Danske Bank A/S, its sole shareholder, with two Executives of Danske Bank A/S appointed as Directors of Northern Bank Limited. At each Board meeting, the Board is provided with an update in relation to Danske Bank A/S end the Board regularly receives updates from Group stakeholders across areas including Finance, IT and Risk. These stakeholders also provide inputs to the Bank's Corporate Planning process and are integral perts of delivering developments for the Bank. Close dialogue with stakeholders is en integral and natural part of the Bank's operations. Senior leaders welcome dialogue with an external stakeholders, representatives of government and other leading figures within Northern Ireland and beyond end want to engage in a constructive manner, and from a long-term perspective. This approach is driven by en ambition to create value, commitment to transparency end the core values of integrity and collaboration. listening to, end empowering employees is critical to achieving the Bank's vision. FormaTiy,employees have a voice through the annual Best Companies Surveys. The outputs from these employee surveys inform the People Board (a group of senior employees who are responsible for shaping end delivering the people strategy in collaboration with HR) and business unit action plans. In addition, regular employee Roadshows end Updates ere delivered to employees across Northern Ireland and provide a briefing on the Bank's performance and allow individuals to raise questions and provide feedback. In 2021 the Nominations Committee agreed a strategy for increased Non-Executive Director engagement with the workforce through a series of 'Meet the Board' articles on the Bank'sintranet, Branch and Site visits, Thought Leadership Sessions, Informal lunches, coffee catch-ups and the creation of a Workforce Engagement Panel 'Board 360' which wm hold its first meeting in 2022. Northern Bank Pension Trust limited is the corporate Trustee of the Northern Bank Pension Scheme. Although a wholly-owned subsidiary, the Trustee operates independently of the Bank and in accordance with pension regulations. The Bank, es sponsor of the Scheme, maintains a constructive and open relationship with the Trustee (usually through the Chairman of the Trustee Board). The Trustee Directors comprise individuals nominated either by Scheme members or by the Bank. This support, provided by the Bank, ensures diversity of knowledge and skiTison the Trustee Board, thereby facilitating good governance and decision-making (which is in the interests of an Scheme stakeholders}. The Bank's website, intranet and social media channels provide extensive end up-to-date news on recent developments impacting our customers, colleagues, partners and the society. We advocate the benefits of running a responsible business and encourage others to follow. In January 2021, the Bank published its third annual Responsible Business Report, which highlights our contribution to the wider society that we serve and the local communities we ere a pert of, in areas such as diversity end inclusion, sustainability end climate change.

Highlight [page 81]: The members of the Board of Directors of Northern Bank Limited consider, both individuaTiy and collectively, that they have acted to promote the success of the Bank taking into account the needs of customers, colleagues, members and other stakeholders and the Bank's wider role in society. In doing so they have taken into account the following matters set out in sl 72 (1) (a) to (f] of the Companies Act 2006: a) the likely consequences of any decision in the long-term, b) c) d] e] f] the interests of the company's employees, the need to foster the company's business relationships with suppliers, customers and others, the impact of the company's operations on the community and the environment, the desirability of the company maintaining a reputation for high standards of business conduct, and the need to act fairly as between members of the company. The Board is mindful that the long-term success of the Bank is criticaTiy dependent on the way we work with a large number of notable stakeholders. The table below sets out our focus on the key relationships and shows how engagement with them is addressed by the Board of Directors (or Board committees) to help inform the Bank's decision-making. It is important for an members of the Board to gain sufficient understanding of the issues relating to every stakeholder so that their views are taken into account in Board discussions. A robust corporate governance framework (CGF)is in place to ensure that stakeholder considerations are captured and enhancements made to strengthen the views of our stakeholders in the boardroom. Further information is set out in the Bank's Corporate Governance Statement. Stakeholders Form of engagement How stakeholders influence the Board agenda and longterm decision making At Boord level: The Bank has a number of dedicated teams that focus on delivering positive customer outcomes. This includes our Conduct and Customer Experience team that reports to the Executive Committee on a monthly basis and updates ere provided to Board on a regular basis in relation to Conduct and managing our Customer Satisfaction and Likelihood to Recommend Key Performance Indicators (KPI]. At Business level: The Bank uses customer feedback and insights as a core input to help shape strategic investment decisions utilising independent customer research, satisfaction surveys, mystery shopping and impact assessments. The Bank continues to operate cross· functional Customer Journey Squads to drive enhancements across key journeys. AdditionaTiy, the Bank's Technology and Data Development Team provide key insights and analytics on customer behaviour to shape decisions and identify needs. One particular focus for the Bank is supporting customers in vulnerable circumstances. External partnerships and stakeholder engagement with vulnerable customer representative groups are key facets of this work to ensure our services are accessible to an our customers. Customer satisfaction scores and feedback received influences decision-making at Board level. This has been reflected with 'customers' being one of the Bank's four 2021 strategic pillars, which ere a fundamental part of t_heBank's Corporate Plan. Our customers sl 72(l}lc)(d)(e) The Bank aims to be the first choice for helping our customers and businesses to achieve their financial goals in Northern Ireland. The users of our : financial products end services. We have c.475k personal customers and c.40k business customers. We ere enhancing our customer experience to attract new and retain loyal customers. Every employee of the Bank has improving customer satisfaction as a core, and significant, element of their KPls. As part of an ongoing multi-year programme, the Bank remains committed to delivering a distribution network that meets the varying needs of our customer base. The growth of digital banking supports our investment plans in these areas, but the Bank continues to recognise the importance of branch services to the communities it serves and the resulting benefits to the Bank of providing a network that covers ell of the major towns across the Northern Ireland with at least one branch in each county. In 2021, the Bank continued to focus on customers in vulnerable circumstances, working with a wide range of external partners to improve the support we offer to all customers.

Highlight [page 82]: Stakeholders Form of engagement How stakeholders influence the Board agenda and long term decision making i : { i Ourpeople ( sl 72(l)(b)(e) I I We create an : inclusive and supportive 1 environment in which positive contribution, develop their careers and reach their potential. I I At the end of December 2021, the Bank had c.1,300 tun time equivalent employees. At Board 1eve1:Colleagues ere a core pillar in the Bank's strategy end form a fundamental pert of the Board-approved Corporate Plan. The Board receives regular updates on progress against the Bank's Colleague-focused strategic objectives end KPls in addition to an annual update on our People Plan agenda provided by the Human Resources (HR) Director. To facilitate engagement, the Board continues to support the operation of a People Board including Executive Committee members. At Business level: Our people are a fundamental asset of our business and play a key role in the success of the Bank. Their views are taken into account throughout the Bank's Corporate Planning process, in which the HR Director plays a key role as a member of the Executive Committee. Engagement with our people takes many forms with regular and ongoing discussions, both at 1-2-1 and team level, divisional 2-way update sessions, CEO and Executive Committee updates and the Best Companies Survey. During 2021 the Bank has delivered Board approved colleague initiatives to motivate, engage and support high performance and retain key talent. The launch of the Best Companies survey in February 2021 generated a response rate of 80%, providing significant insights into employee engagement, end informing key areas of focus as we strive to achieve our strategic ambition of a place in the "Sunday Times Top 100 Companies to Work For" listing. The Bank was recognised as an "Outstanding" company to work for, receiving two star accreditation with an overan score of 711.9 (two star), well ahead of the end of year ambition of 659.5 (one star). The Bank was ranked 10th in the Regional Employer category against an participating companies with employees in Northern Ireland, end 21st in the UK Financial Services sector. This score sits just 8 points short of a listing in the Top 100 Best Place to Work For. Early careers In 2021 the Bank continued with our apprenticeship programme caTied Danske Futures, and developed a new Tech Futures apprenticeship which focuses on growing the 8 IT related skills and technology. This supplements the other degree led programmes including Leading on Customer Operation. The Bank wm continue to grow the apprentice population to strengthen telent pipelines. Our Graduate Programme has also provided us with e positive talent pipeline into some of our key roles across the Bank and intemel Academies have been established, to give colleagues the opportunities for structured learning and bU1ldingcapabilities across the Bank. Continuous development Investing in professional development remains a key component of our strategy. Additioneny, we have made a commitment to our colleagues to provide them with a mentor, should they wish, to support their development. The Bank ran two Leaming At Work Weeks in May and November which focused on bU1ldingdeeper, stronger and broader connections to what digital means across the organisation. We have promoted online sustainability training for ell staff, including Board and ExCo, and promoted climate champions and green leaders across an levels of the Bank's community. Currently, 84% of an Bank employees have received ontine sustainability training. Leadership development The Bank continued to bU1ldon virtual leadership interventions, established in 2020 at the outbreak of the pandemic, to best equip all of our leaders to operate effectively in the new operating environment. Our Navigator programme has been designed to support those "new to leadership" through a blend of resources and virtual workshops. Leadership development programmes and interventions are in place to support an key milestones in a leadership journey and the Bank has made these even more accessible by switching to virtual formats.

Highlight [page 83]: Stakeholders Form of engagement How stakeholders influence the Board agenda and long term decision making Diversity and weTibeing The Bank's commitment to embracing diversity and creating an inclusive culture where differences are seen as a strength and where people feel valued and realise their fun potential, has been reflected in the retention of the Silver Diversity Charter-mark a11dthe Women in Finance Chartership. We have expanded the Bank's Belong portfolio, with the launch of the Origins diversity strand focussing on ethnicity. Our commitment to helping our employees manage their physical and mental weTibeing hes been reflected in the breadth of wellbeing initiatives that the Bank has put in place, leveraging our external partners, particularly the Bank's Charity Partner Aware and Benenden to provide a range of support. As an organisation that prides itself on how we care for and treat each other, how we support our colleagues in difficult or distressing circumstances is critical. The Bank has introduced new Domestic Abuse, Pregnancy Loss and Parental Bereavement Policies to ensure that coTieagues and their families have access to information, support and advice, should they need it. A range of new weTibeing initiatives have been embraced, including "Keeping connected" toolkits and workshops, workshops on Menopause, Men's Health, Smoking Cessation clinics, enhancing the range of digital resources av011ableand mental health champion training. Throughout the COVID 19 pandemic, the Bank put in place a wide range of measures to support our teams both practicaTiy and emotionally. The Bank procured COVID-19 tests to ensure our staff can be tested in the comfort of their own home rather than travel to Public Health Agency (PHA) test sites and the Bank has continued to provide a winter tlu vaccination service free to staff. In addition, the Bank took up the Department of Health's invitation to participate in the Northern Ireland Asymptomatic Testing Programme. Managing performance During 2021 the Ban~ continued to embed its new approach to managing performance - focused equally on both 'What' and 'How' elements of performance. A comprehensive set of communications and workshops continue to be delivered to support the successful embedding of this new approach and a dynamic reporting tool developed.

Highlight [page 84]: IStakeholders Form of engagement How stakeholders influence the Board agenda and longterm decision making Our suppliers sl 72(l)(cl(e) Provide our goods and services which we rely on to deliver for our customers. Our regulators s l 72(l)[c) The FCA end the Bank of England (including its subsidiary, the PRA], regulate our business. At Board 1eve1:Reports are submitted to the Board on matters of importance regarding the supply of goods and services. They are also advised when adverse incidents that effect the Bank's ongoing operations ere live and have been resolved. At Business levet The Bank hes robust procurement policies which were revised in 2021 [further including sustainability metrics into the Bank's due diligence process, es well as responsible sourcing and supply chain resilience criteria) and menages its obligations under outsourcing in accordance with European Banking Authority (EBA) guidelines. Supplier/Stakeholder meetings are conducted one regular basis in accordance with the Bank's policy on outsourcing. The Bank maintains service level agreements with its parent Danske Bank A/S for the provision of key services to the Bank such es IT. At Board level It is the Bank's policy to interact with the Regulators in en open and cooperative way. Members of the Board meet with the FCA and PRA one regular basis. The Regulatory Reporting Committee meets quarterly end is attended by one member of the Board. The FCA end PRA also receive copies of Board papers. At Business level: We submit en extensive range of returns to the Regulators on all areas of the business as and when required. Senior management regularly engage with the Regulators to ensure all submitted returns are complete, accurate, consistent, timely and in compliance with the Regulators' requirements. The Bank's Chief Risk Officer meets with the PRA on a fortnightly basis to ensure there is a high degree of open engagement and, in addition, the Regulators undertake visits end reviews covering specific topics of interest. The Board approves the Modem Slavery Statement annually and we expect ell our suppliers to be compliant with the Modem Slavery Act. We work closely with our suppliers and peers to bu,ld on our knowledge and promote best practice particularly in relation to anti· bribery and corruption. Our suppliers provide the Bank with a range of key goods and services that directly or indirectly help us to deliver for our customers and society. During the COVID-19 pandemic, we explored ways to support our suppliers during this difficult period and were the first member of the Danske Bank Group to implement procedures to ensure the accelerated payment of our suppliers' invoices with this continuing in 2021. Danske Bank UK was awarded a Fast Payer Accreditation by the UK Good Business Pays Campaign during 2021 for our commitment paying over 95% of our suppliers within 30 days. Feedback received from the Regulators influences decision making at Board level including areas of critical importance such as the review and approval of risk appetite and setting key regulatory requirements in relation to capital, liquidity etc. The Bank aims to maintain our positive relationship with the Regulators by following an approach of early and regular engagement regarding such decisions. The Regulator attended the December Board meeting (virtually) to discuss current areas of regulatory focus.

Highlight [page 85]: Stakeholders Form of engagement How stakeholders influence the Board agenda and longterm decision making j Our community and • the environment i Sl 72(l)(d){e) I We recognise our role supporting our local community as one of Northern Ireland's leading businesses and employers. 1 1 The Bank is conscious of the scale of our impact on Northern Ireland's path to a more sustainable future, noting we currently finance , c 15% of Northern ; Ireland's emissions. : As a result, we are I keenly aware of the , need to manage our : impact on the environment and as a ; result, there is a I strong desire for the ; Bank to be the local i leader on global issues. -♦• ; ·• •·--... ~-~--~ i Business I relationships and i conduct , ' sl (l)(e) , The Bank conducts its : business responsibly, : protecting customer ' interests resulting in ; appropriate customer ' outcomes, ensuring : regulatorv compliance and high standards of 1 , professional conduct. ......____________ At Boord level: Society is e core pinar of the Bank's strategy, forming a core part of the Board-approved Corporate Plan, and firmly embedded in the culture of the Bank. The Board is regularly updated on progress against the Bank's Society-focused strategic objectives and KPls in addition to receiving an annual update on our Society agenda and updates on specific topics such as Climate Change etc. At Business level: The Bank's Responsible Business Board meets quarterly, and is chaired by our Chief Executive Officer (CEO). The Bank's new CEO,Vicky Davies, has highlighted sustainability as a core priority for the organisation. The Bank's environmental impact, both direct and indirect, is a key factor in decision-making. We recognise both the UK's policy announcements in addition to the EU's guidance in relation to the Non-Financial Reporting Directive, which encourages reporting in this area and we are committed to using the recommendations of the Climate Change Taskforce on Climate-related Financial Disclosures (TCFO) to ensure that we maintain the highest environmental reporting standards. We are committed to supporting local communities and do so through our charity initiatives, volunteering, sponsorships and financial education programmes. At Boord level: The Bank's Corporate Governance Framework (CGF)allows the Board and management to assess and monitor culture. The Board has oversight of the culture and the standards of business culture promulgated throughout the Bank. The Bank's Corporate Plan recognises this focus by including strategic objectives and selected Key Performance Indicators aimed et supporting our local community and the environment within the Board-level Balanced Scorecard that is reviewed et each Board meeting. The Board is committed to increasing the prominence of climate change considerations at both senior management and Board levels in 2021 and beyond. Positive outcomes resulting from our community programmes include: Achieving the recently introduced Platinum level (the highest level) in BITC's COREresponsible business standard; Retaining Platinum level in BITC's NI Environmental· Benchmarking Survey for the third year; Achieving Silver level in Northern Ireland Gender Diversity Charter Merk; Our Charity partner Aware has benefited from our £ l OOkin fund raising and support through volunteering, a virtual charity shop end donations to help tackle teenage mental health across Northern Ireland; As part of our Check in and Chat programme, we have made over 19,900 calls. 610 referrals to third party support agencies and sent out 765 step-by-step guides: Our employees Charity Group donated £23,000 to multiple small charities across Northern Ireland in 2021; Platinum (the highest) in BITC's Business & Biodiversity Charter; Environmental Leadership Award es part of BITC's flagship annual Responsible Business Awards; and BITC Climate Champion and signatorv to the BITC Climate Pledge. The Board is committed to embedding the section 1 72( l) factors in the culture of the business and decision making et all levels of management. This is evidenced by the empowerment of sub committees management teams for each key stakeholder group. end The Bank's focus on conducting its business responsibly is highlighted in the Bank's third annual Responsible Business Report on our website ww:w.dar.is~~-b.ar,~~-V~-At Business level: Acting responsibly and ethically, our Responsibility Policy governs and outlines our approach to conducting our business in a responsible and transparent manner and is an integral part of daily decision-making through strategies, policies, targets, business procedures and processes. Corporate Responsibility is an integral part of our core business through our vision and s_tr_a_tegyJhisprovides the strategic __ .. ____________

Highlight [page 86]: takeholders Fem, of engagement How stakeholders influence the Board agenda and longterm decision making framework including KPls and reporting. High standards of professional conduct are communicated via our Code of Conduct and also workforce training in areas such as anti-bribery and corruption. Anti-Money laundering (AML) and ethics. The Bank has a dedicated Conduct and Customer Experience team led by a Senior Manager who reports into the Bank's Conduct Committee which is attended by Executive Committee members. CJ Our company and its parent sl 72(1)(f) As a strong, stable and predictable bank, we seek to create long-term value through the delivery of sustainable returns. Through the delivery of our Corporate Plan, the Bank aims to optimise returns, support our Parent, and invest in the business in an efficient and cost-effective way. At Boord level: The Bank, its Executive Management and Board are closely engaged with our Parent. The Bank's Board includes two Group Directors (both of whom are members of the Group's Executive Leadership Team). Group updates are also provided by these two Directors to the Bank's Board. The Bank's Executive Committee is closely aligned to Group counterparts and through regular Board updates provides insight into Group interactions. At senior decision-making level we share with Group a strategic vision to promote the success of the Bank for the benefit of an its Stakeholders. The Bank has historically had an annual Board Meeting at its parent site in Copenhagen, at which senior Group employees present updates to the Board on specific areas of interest; given the ongoing COVID-19 restrictions, this meeting has not taken place since 2019. The Bank's two Executive Directors virtually attended the Group Leaders Conference in November 2021. In addition to Bank employees, the Board regularly receives updates from Group stakeholders across areas notably Finance, IT and Risk. These stakeholders also provide inputs to the Bank's Corporate Planning process and are integral parts of delivering developments for the Bank. The Board is focused on leveraging and strengthening relationships with Group, through our participation in Group wide initiatives, knowledge sharing with Group on UK developments, for instance, in the areas of regulation, robotics and automation and by taking a leading role in driving sustainability. The Board in its decision making process takes into account the impacts of the decision on the return to the Group on its capital investment in the company. The Board also considers annually whether a dividend should be paid from surplus capital (see principal decision section of the S 172 statement}. In addition, the Bank's Chairman, CEO and Deputy CEO visited Copenhagen in October, holding meetings with the new Group CEO,the Chairman of the Board of Danske Bank A/S and presented the Bank's strategy to the Danske Bank Board, who were supportive of the strategic direction of the Bank. The Bank's CEO and Deputy CEO also presented an update to the Group Executive Leadership Team on the Bank's performance and strategy in October 2021.

Highlight [page 87]: Below are examples of how the Directors have had regard to the matters set out ins 172 (1) (a) - (f) when discharging their duties under s 172 during Board discussions and when making principal decisions: ~ Our customers ~ Our co~munity ~ the environment ~ and Our regulators «?$

O Our suppliers ~ Ourpeople -□ Our parent I Decision Stakeholder Considerations made I r Climate change I I Following Board's I prioritisation of the ' identification of physical and transition climate change risks that materially impact the Bank's clients, shareholders, employees and local communities, both in the short and long term in 2020, during 2021 the Board endorsed the Bank's twin objectives of 'Going Green Ourselves' and 'Helping Customers Go Green'. This enabled management to successfully deliver a range of initiatives across the three elements ofthe Bank's climate strategy• 'Risk & Compliance', 'Growth & Impact' and 'Responsible Business'. 1 In 2021, the Board endorsed management's decision to move responsibility for climate risk and strategy from Risk Management to Corporate & Business Banking to fac,litate a more active engagement in the Bank's decarbonisation and support our customers' green pathways through product and service development. This has enabled the Bank's Head of Sustainability (formerly Head of Climate Risk & Strategy) and the wider Sustainability team to deliver more value for the Bank's sustainability goals, retaining a risk element while also gaining greater remit to support all parts of the Bank. As part of the Bank's work on fully embedding climate related regulatory requirements by 31 December 2021, the Board approved the Sustainable Finance Policy which governs the Bank's approach to sustainable finance and integration of sustainability factors into our financial solutions, processes and guidance. Cognisant of the opportunity for the Bank to help customers with financing the transition to a sustainable low carbon economy and society, the Board approved the introduction of the Carbon Neutral Mortgage in 03 2021 for personal customers and the Green Loan for Business and Corporate customers in 04 2021. Additionally, the Board demonstrated its continued commitment to driving the sustainability agenda by supporting the Bank's continued engagement with Business in the Community to support businesses in Northern Ireland in their transition towards more climate friendly and socially responsible operations, as wen as advancing the Bank's Corporate Responsibility ethos. The Board has also been fully supportive of the Bank's involvement with the Race to Zero movement which the Bank has been committed to, with Danske Bank Group signing the pledge in 04 2021. Participation in this alliance commits the Bank to achieving net zero emissions by 2050 not only in its own operations but across its portfolio of financed emissions, having a wider community impact and further solidifying the Bank's role as a sustainability leaderin the local market. 1 -□ Engaging with colleagues As a result of the creation of the Board Nominations Committee, Board has sought to develop a programme of regular colleague engagement to ensure that the colleague voice is properly represented in the Boardroom. Regular and open engagement with colleagues has been a key area of focus for the Board during the course of 2021, with Board members keen to ensure that the colleague voice was appropriately represented in the Boardroom. At the inaugural meeting of the Board Nominations Committee in September 2021, Board agreed various measures to ensure that regular and open engagement with colleagues was prioritised. As a result, an engagement plan has been developed which reflects the significance which Board are attaching to engaging with colleagues throughout the Bank - a 'Meet the Board' article was published on the Bank's intranet followed by articles spotlighting the Non Executive Directors in order to improve colleague awareness of Board members (this series wm continue into 2022). There have been 'Coffee catch ups' with individual directors, informal lunches with Board members and thought leadership lectures delivered by members of the Board. These activities will continue throughout 2022 and will be supplemented by branch/department visits by Directors and the creation of 'Board 360' an informal colleague engagement forum where the Board members can listen to colleagues thoughts, views and ideas. Board considered it important that a fonnal feedback loop was created to ensure that colleague views were taken

Highlight [page 88]: Decision Stakeholder Considerations made into thinking at Board meetings and as a result, updates from 'Board 360' have been included in the Rolling Board Agenda for 2022. In addition, the Board supported the inclusion of regular Board level review sessions during 2022 to ensure the effectiveness of the engagement with colleagues and its impact on Board decision making. CEO appointment The Bank appointed a new CEO in September 2021 following consideration by the Board of e number of internal end external candidates. Throughout the process, the emphasis of the Board was on ensuring that the new CEO embodied the culture and values of the organisation and had e vision to ensure the long term success of the Bank. The Board and subsequently the Bank's parent. approved the appointment of Vicky Davies as CEO with effect from 1 September 2021. Throughout the process. the Board placed stakeholder interests at the core of its objectives in the search for Kevin Kingston's successor. The Board Nominations Committee, on behalf of the Board, approved a role profile which required candidates to demonstrate alignment with the Bank's culture end values with a clear vision for the Bank that would deliver long term sustainable growth to the business for the benefit of its parent and stakeholders. -□ A robust search process was undertaken, using an external recruitment firm and involving the consideration of both internal and external candidates. Vicky Davies was identified as the strongest candidate on the basis of the role profile and following a robust interview process. which speaks to the strength of Board and Executive Succession Planning within the Bank. In reaching its decision, the interests of the Bank's customers were a key consideration for the Board, particularly each candidate's ability to lead a business that would be recognised as having e strong customer focus. The Board also ensured that colleague interests were taken into account when agreeing the role profile used to assess potential candidates. These required candidates to demonstrate the attributes needed to lead the culture and values of the Bank. The Board ensured that the Bank's regulators, another of its key stakeholder groups. were kept regularly apprised of progress during the search. The Board will continue to ensure that its nominations process for appointments to the Board is based on the principles of fairness, respect and inclusion and that all nominations end appointments to the Board ere made on the basis of individual competence, skllls and expertise measured against individual objective criteria and taking into account a broad range of stakeholder interests. , , , IDividend payment The decision to make the payment of a dividend to the Bank's parent was taken following stakeholder feedback, including the regulator, and extensive consideration and discussion at both management and Board level. The Board considered the feasibility of payment of a dividend in the context of the ongoing economic impacts of the global COVID-19 pandemic and the expectations of the regulator, along with the impact on the Danske Bank Group, the Bank's sole shareholder. -□ The management team consulted with internal and external advisers, with approaches by other financial institutions considered, and engaged with the regulators. The Board considered the fact that the PRA end the European Systemic Risk Board (ERSB) eTiowed for the resumption of dividend payments in 2021. The Board also looked at various financial scenarios in the light of the global pandemic. to ascertain if payment of a dividend was appropriate in the current year as pert of the Bank's capital strategy. In making their decision, Directors took into account the Bank's strong capital position, achieved through organic capital bU1ldand optimising its capital usage, end noted that notwithstanding the payment of a dividend to the Bank's parent there remains sufficient surplus capital to support the Corporate Planning process and the continuing, albeit reduced. Covid related uncertainty. ___________________ The Board will continue to take the views of the Bank's shareholder and the regulator into account in considering the making of dividend payments, whilst promoting the long-term sustainable success of the Bank.

Highlight [page 89]: Governance wc;;;M§i I Bank Report of the Directors The Directors of Northern Bank Limited (the "Bank") submit their annual report and audited financial statements (Income Statement. Statement of Comprehensive Income, Balance Sheet, Statement of Changes in Equity and Cash Flow Statement) for the year ended 31 December 2021. The Bank's profits, strategic highlights, business developments and management of risk are set out in the Strategic Report, together with information outlined in the TCFD reporting. Risk Management end Governance sections; end with the Financial Statements. Financial performance The Bank's profit after tax was £41.Sm for the year ended 31 December 2021 (2020: £7.6m). The Bank's financial performance is further detmled within the Income Statement. Dividends The Directors paid an interim dividend of £75,000,000 during the year (2020: £Nil). The Directors do not recommend the payment of a final dividend in respect of this financial year (2020; £Nil). Financial instruments The financial instruments the Financial Statements. are detailed within note 12 of Political donations No political donations were made by the Bank during the 2021 financial year (2020: £Nil). Foreign branches The Bank does not operate any foreign branches outside of Northern Ireland and Great Britain. Directors and Directors' ;nterests The Directors at the year end and to the date of this report were: Directors' liabilities In terms of section 236 of the Companies Act 2006, the Bank paid a premium for a contract insuring the Directors and officers of Northern Bank Limited, its subsidiaries end controTied entities against personal liatnlities which may arise in the course of the performance of their duties, as wen as protecting the Bank itself to the extent that it is obligated to indemnify Directors and officers for such liability. Corporate responsibility As outlined within the Bank's Strategic Report, the Bank makes a significant and positive contribution to the local Northern Ireland economy by supporting its customers and investing in the communities in which it operates. The Bank participates in a number of charitable and voluntary sector initiatives whereby employees raise funds and provide volunteering days for good social community causes. The Bank is also highly conscious of its impact on the environment and has taken a range of steps to reduce its energy consumption. Corporate governance statement The Bank has in place its own governance arrangements which are deemed to be appropriate for a company of its size end nature. Further details on the Bank's Corporate Governance Statement (outlined from page 77 of this Annual Report). Stakeholder engagement The Directors understand the need to foster the Bank's business relationships with suppliers, customers and others, and have set out the effect of that regard, including on the principal decisions taken by the Bank during the financial year, in the Section 172(1) statement (outlined from page 80 of this Annual Report). Employee engagement Berit Behring Michael Black Vicky Davies Stephan Engels Gerard Gregory Astrid Grey Alastair Hamilton Stephen Matchett Martin Stewart The Bank carries out an information programme to keep colleagues informed of business objectives and results. This is achieved through regular meetings. Yammer posts, intra net articles and specially commissioned videos as well as training courses for staff. The Bank consults employees and their representatives within the Financial Services Union on a regular basis so that the views of Bank colleagues are considered in making decisions which are likely to affect their interests. The Articles of Association do not require the Directors to retire by rotation. No Director had any disclosable interest in the shares of any Danske Bank Group company. The results of the Bank's consultation with its employees on principal decisions made are set out in the Section 1 72( 1) statement contained in the Strategic Report.

Highlight [page 90]: Governance 2021 -=a■■MNMi Bank I AdditionaTiy, the Bank uses the Best Companies Survey as a means of gaining views from employees on a range of topics. Employment po'Hcies The Bank fully supports and complies with all legislation which is designed to promote equality of opportunity. It is the policy of the Bank to promote equality of employment opportunities by giving full and fair consideration to applications from disabled people for vacancies where particular job requirements are considered to be within their ability. If existing employees become disabled, every effort is made to retain them within the workforce, wherever reasonable and practicable. The Bank also endeavours to provide equal opportunities in the training, promotion and general career development of disabled employees. Risk management The Bank's principal risk and uncertainties are contained in the Strategic Report from page 23. Information on the Bank's risk management framework can be found in the Risk Management section (outlined from 49 of this Annual Report). Bribery Act 2010 The Bank adheres to the Bribery Act 2010 and supports a zero tolerance approach to bribery by any person associated with it whether acting in the UK or abroad. Future developments Going forward, the Bank wm continue to leverage from its strong competitive position by expanding its range of competitive banking products and services in the Northam Ireland and GB markets, to support the growth of the Bank and its customers. Stream'Hned Energy and Carbon Reporting The Bank's Greenhouse Gas (GHG) reporting aligns with the Streamlined Energy and Carbon Reporting regulations. The following table reports the Bank's GHG emissions, energy use and an intensity ratio. The emission intensity ratio is based upon a 'full - time employee' measure, this being the common metric to benchmark the Bank's emissions performance against other organisations. The Bank has been calculating and setting targets against our energy use and GHG emissions since 2015, with this year being the second year that emissions and energy use have been formally reported. BU1ldingupon emissions reduction initiatives since 2015, adaptations and enhancements to heating systems and appliances have continued across the branch network. At the end of the 2021 year, 80% of stand-alone branch properties are now fosS1lfuel free with heat pumps replacing former 011or gas boilers. All organisations within Danske Bank Group calculate their GHG emissions using the GHG Protocol (revised edition) - the preeminent standard for measuring and reporting emissions. Consistent across the Danske Bank Group, the approach to reporting energy consumption emissions is from 1 October in the previous year to 30 September in the reporting year. ~HG emissions and enef"HYusage data far period 1 October to 30 !September 111 2021 2020 2019 2018 2017 Emissions from combustion (Scope 1 -tonnes ofC02e]121131 502 571 465 515 501 Emissions from electricity purchased for own use, including for the purposes of transport (Location • based Scope 2 • tonnes ofC02e)[4l 513 900 1,259 1.523 1,685 Emissions from electricity purchased for own use, including for the purposes of transport, taking into account contractual agreements (Market • based Scope 2 • tonnes ofC02e)l5l Emissions from business travel and paper usage [Scope 3 • tonnes ofC02e]1s1 95 249 428 616 669 Total Market - based tonnes of C02e 597 820 893 1,131 1,170 Total emissions per fuTI,time employee (tonnes of C02e/Full Time Equivalent] 0.41 0.61 0.63 0.82 0.83 Total energy use [71 (kWh)(Bl 4.B2m 5.73m 5.B3m 6.37m 6.35m [1) Emiasiona calculated by using IEA and DEFRA emission factors. 2019 emissions figures have been verified by a third party. [2) C02e: carbon dioxide equivalent. (3) Scope 1: emissions from electricity, heat end steam generated within the organisational boundaries. (41 Scope 2 Location• based: emissions originating from the electricity grid delivered directly fer the supptiers. (51 Scope 2 Market· based: emissions from electricity where contractual agreements have been considered. Emissions removed due to Guarantees by Origin and lntemstionsl Renewable Ene'liY Certificates. (61 Scope 3: emissions from purchased goodsend senlicee. paper. and business travel (includes air transport end employee car use). (?I Total Ene'liY Use: only accounts for Scope 1 end 2. (81 kWh: k~owatt hour. Further information about how the Bank calculates emissions is detmled within the Danske Bank Group Sustainability Report and

Highlight [page 91]: Going Concern The Bank's Directors have made an assessment of the Bank's ability to continue as a going concern and are satisfied that the Bank has the resources to continue in business for the foreseeable future. The "Principal risks and uncertainties" section in the Strategic Report and the "Risk management" section of the Annual Report describe the risks the Bank is exposed to and how they are managed. The key factors considered in the going concern assessment were: Capital ond profitability - the expected future profitability and thus self-sufficiency from a capital perspective of the Bank. The current Corporate Plan and ICAAP demonstrate that the Bank is expected to generate profits in excess of the capital required for projected lending growth; and Liquidity- at 31 December 2021 the portfolio of liquid assets was £5.Bbn and significantly in excess of that required to meet the most stressful liquidity scenario. The Bank's loan book is funy funded by customer deposits and the Bank has a low loan to deposit ratio of 56%. The Directors have assessed the ongoing impact of the current CDVID-19 pandemic and remain satisfied that the Bank's response will continue to mitigate the short term financial threats as wen as deliver longer term business resilience to protect key stakeholders. The Directors have taken into consideration the additional uncertainty arising as a result of Russia's invasion of Ukraine. As a consequence, the Directors believe the Bank is wen placed to manage its business risks successfully. After making enquiries, the Directors have a reasonable expectation that the Bank has adequate resources to continue in operational existence for the foreseeable future. Accordingly, they continue to adopt the going concern basis in preparing the Financial Statements.

Highlight [page 91]: Disclosure of information to the auditor The Directors who hold office at the date of approval of this Report of the Directors confirm that, so far as they are each aware, there is no relevant audit information of which the Bank's auditor is unaware; and each Director has taken an the steps they ought to have taken as a director to make themselves aware of any relevant audit information and to establish that the Bank's auditor is aware of that information. The Directors have pleasure in submitting their annual report and audited Financial Statements for the year ended 31 December 2021 to the shareholder. Auditor Pursuant to section 487, the auditor will be deemed to be reappointed and Deloitte (NI] Limited wrn therefore continue in office. The Report of the Directors approved by order of the Board and signed on behalf of the Board of Directors