
Highlight [page 32]: Corporate Governance The Board's Governance Report NIE Networks' regulatory licences require it to establish, and at all times maintain, full managerial and operational independence within the ESB Group. The NIE Networks Compliance Plan, approved by the Utility Regulator, sets out how .this independence is achieved. NIE Networks is an independent company within the ESB Group of companies with its own Board of directors, management and employees. In January 2019, NIE Networks adopted the Corporate Governance Principles for Large Private Companies issued by the Financial Reporting Council (FRC) in December 2018 (or 'The Wates Principles'). These have been applied throughout the year ended 31 December 2021 as described below. Purpose and Leadership Good governance provides the foundation for long term value creation and is a core focus for the NIE Networks Board. The Board sees its duties as including responsibility for the long-term success of NIE Networks, providing leadership and direction for the business and supporting and challenging management to get the best outcomes for NIE Networks and its stakeholders. • In late 2020 the Board approved an updated Vision for NIE Networks of "Delivering a Sustainable Energy System for All", setting the specific goal NIE Networks aspires to in the future and providing direction for the Company within the changing external landscape in which it operates, and endorsed redefined and simplified Company Values of being Safety-, People-, Customer-, Commercially- and Future-focussed. NIE Networks' purpose and Vision aligns with ESB Group's Purpose Statement: "At ESB, we are driven to make a difference. Delivering a brighter future; creating & connecting sustainable, reliable, affordable energy; and supporting the customers and communities we serve to achieve net zero." During 2021 the Board approved the behaviours required to align with these Values and Vision - as being Courageous, Accountable, Respectful and Empathetic ("We CARE"). This redefined suite of Purpose, Vision, Values and Behaviours provides direction and motivation to employees and external stakeholders in relation to .our future purpose and on the principles, beliefs, standards that will guide both employees' and management's actions as the Company moves in that direction. Within this context the Board oversees the development and finalisation of management's plans for investing in the network and delivering services to customers for each multi-year price control period and considers for approval the UR's determinations. The Board considers and approves the strategy to deliver the agreed plan, including human and financial resources, procurement strategies, and approves annual business plans for delivery. The Board ensures that there is a strong management team in place to execute the strategy and drive business performance, and to maintain a framework of prudent and effective controls to mitigate risk, and annually reviews the succession management and leadership development arrangements for the senior management and other critical staff. During 2021 the Board commenced overseeing the Company's initial preparations for the next price control period, RP?, due to commence in April 2024 which will determine NIE Networks' course for the rest of the decade and will be critical in the journey to a net zero energy system in Northern Ireland. In line with NIE Networks' Purpose and Vision, the Board considers long-term developments for the energy system, principally the need to decarbonise the energy system before 2050, recognising that major change will be required to facilitate the growth of low carbon technologies connecting to the network which will impact how the network is

Highlight [page 33]: managed and operated. The Board has been considering and planning for these long-term developments for the Company, providing challenge and guidance to management. NIE Networks' Code of Ethics, setting out our approach to responsible and ethical business behaviour, has been approved by the Board. The underlying principle of the Code is that everyone working for NIE Networks must adhere to the highest standards of integrity, loyalty, fairness and confidentiality, including meeting all legal and regulatory requirements. The Board's Audit & Risk Committee is advised of any serious concerns raised by employees, and stakeholders generally, via the speaking up/ whistle blowing arrangements as and when they arise and of the outcome. of related investigations. Contractors, external consultants and other third parties acting on behalf of NIE Networks, are also expected to conduct themselves in accordance with the principles of the Code and the Board's Audit and Risk Committee has ensured that processes are in place for this purpose. Culture is the combination of values, attitudes and behaviours manifested by the people who work for, and with, the Company in its operation and relationship with stakeholders. Throughout the year the Board monitored the culture within NIE Networks by receiving information on safety incidents and the level of near miss sharing, absenteeism, employee turnover, internal control weaknesses and employee engagement including the outcome of an externally conducted, assessment of safety culture within NIE Networks, the external Investors in People assessment, an employee survey on Sustainability in NIE Networks, in addition to directly engaging with employees and considering stakeholder and customer engagement surveys. The Board ensures that there are well embedded arrangements for engagement with employees on NIE Networks' purpose, strategy and business activities and on the behaviours expected of all employees to underpin the Company's values and culture. These arrangements include via monthly briefings, video messages from the Managing Director, Employee Engagement Board and local meetings, effective engagement with trade unions, as well as a comprehensive messaging handbook available to all employees. Non-executive . directors (NEDs) attend engagement sessions with senior management and employees each year. Board Composition The NIE Networks Board comprises a majority of independent NEDs, with three independent NEDs and two executive directors. Dame Retha Johnston DBE chairs the Board with Alan Bryce and Keith Jess the Board's other independent NEDs. Paul Stapleton, Managing Director, and Gordon Parkes, Human Resources Director are executive directors. There were no changes to the Board during 2021 or to the date of this report. The NEDs bring diverse experience, independence and challenge to support effective decision-making. The range of Board members' experience in: the electricity industry; business and finance; accounting and auditing; human resources; serving on other Boards and Audit Committees; and in NIE Networks' operations is set out in their biographies on page 31. During 2021, with input from each director, a Board members' skills matrix was developed along with areas or specific topics for further knowledge, insight or development which has informed training and development plans. The Board is confident that all its members have the knowledge, ability and experience to perform the functions required of them. The Board has agreed a statement of the division of responsibilities between the Chair and the Managing Director. The non-executive Chair leads the Board, considers and approves the Board agenda and is responsible for ensuring the Board's effectiveness and effective communication with the Company's shareholder and other key stakeholders whilst the Managing Director is responsible for the executive leadership of the day to day running of NIE Networks. Appointments to the Board are reserved to NIE Networks' ultimate parent undertaking, ESB, for approval. This is in accordance with the NIE Networks Compliance Plan. The Chair and the Managing Director engage with ESB about the key skills and experience that are required on the Board. NEDs are appointed by NIE Networks under contracts for services setting out expected time commitment, duties and fees. An induction programme is in place to familiarise new NEDs with NIE Networks, tailored appropriately for individual needs. The Board conducts an annual evaluation of its own performance, and that of the Audit & Risk Committee, in order to identify ways to improve effectiveness. During 2021 the Board undertook its first externally conducted performance evaluation of each of the Board's and Committee's collective performance. The evaluation was conducted by Simon Osborne FCG of the Chartered Governance Institute Board Evaluation and considered the key elements of effective Board performance. The evaluation process involved detailed structured one-to-one interviews with each board member and the Company Secretary and the Finance & Regulation Director and ESB's Deputy CEO who each routinely attend Board and Audit & Risk Committee meetings, engagement with a number of other senior executives and managers who regularly

Highlight [page 34]: attend Board or Audit & Risk Committee meetings for specific matters and also observing a meeting of the Board and Audit & Risk Committee. The evaluator presented a report of the review's findings to the Board. The review concluded that the Board was performing well in challenging circumstances, with an overall categorisation of 'very good' across all areas reviewed. The report highlighted recommendations that would. further improve -the performc!nce and effectiveness of the Board, and the committee, particularly regarding arrangements for meetings to ensure sufficient time for discussion on strategic issues. The Board accepted the report's conclusions and has agreed the vast majority of its recommendations, with an implementation plan in place. Director Responsibilities The Board is responsible for reviewing NIE Networks' operational and financial performance and for ensuring effective internal control and risk management. There is a formal schedule of matters reserved to the Board for decision including approval of: the Annual Financial Plan; dividends; annual statutory, interim and regulatory financial statements; major capital expenditure; major regulatory submissions and certain annual regulatory reports; key corporate policies; the annual Health, Safety and Wellbeing Plan; and appointments to the Executive Committee on the recommendation of the Managing Director. The Board has five scheduled meetings each year and two additional meetings to focus on longer term strategic issues with additional meetings on specific matters as required. The Board has delegated authority to management for decisions in the normal course of business subject to specified limits. The Board has delegated authority to the Executive Committee of the Board to undertake much of the day-to-day business and management and operation of NIE Networks with updated terms of reference for the Committee approved by the Board during the year. The Executive Committee meets formally monthly and on other occasions as necessary and reports on its activities to each Board meeting. The Audit & Risk Committee is a formally constituted committee of the Board, comprising solely NEDs, with detailed terms of reference updated and approved by the Board during 2021, setting out its responsibility for overseeing the Group's financial reporting process and internal control and risk management systems. More detail on the activities of the Committee is provided on pages 37 - 38. Current membership of the Board, the Audit & Risk Committee and the Executive Committee is as follows: Directors are required to comply with the requirements of NIE Networks' Code of Ethics. Directors make annual disclosures of any potential or actual conflicts of interest and are responsible for notifying the Company Secretary on an ongoing basis should they become aware of any change in their circumstances regarding conflicts of interest.

Highlight [page 35]: NEDs, in the furtherance of their duties, may take independent professional advice at the expense of NIE Networks. All Board members have access to the advice and services of the Company Secretary. Papers and presentations are sent to each Board member electronically in advance to allow sufficient time to review and consider matters for discussion and decision. To monitor ongoing business performance the Board receives monthly updates on financial, and non-financial key performance indicators approved by the Board. The Board receives regular updates on health & safety, environment, customer service, network investment and performance, regulatory matters, HR matters including employee engagement, and stakeholder engagement, each against approved plans. All information submitted to the Board and Audit & Risk Committee is subject to prior review by the Executive Committee and clearance by the Managing Director, with formal arrangements in place for supporting sign-off for matters requiring the Board's approval. Members of the Executive Committee and senior management are invited to attend Board meetings to present and discuss specific matters to enable the Board to question and challenge management directly. The corporate relationship between NIE Networks and its ultimate parent, ESB, is set out formally, and specifies the standards of governance, internal control and risk management arrangements which NIE Networks must have in place, reporting arrangements to ESB, the responsibilities of the NIE Networks Board and Managing Director and the annual business planning process to meet Group requirements. The arrangements are consistent and compliant with NIE Networks' regulatory conditions and the Compliance Plan with respect to NIE Networks' independence within the ESB Group. Opportunity and Risk To ensure the long-term sustainable success of NIE Networks, management continues to seek regulatory allowances or incentive arrangements as appropriate, for innovative developments to improve performance and to enable the long-term development of the network for future customers. The development of the roadmap for the long-term transition to a distribution system operator, and the consideration of strategies to support and enable decarbonisation and electrification, overseen by the Board, are opportunities being pursued to sustain and enhance the relevance and value of the business in the longer term by adapting to changing stakeholder needs. In this context, both management and the Board have engaged extensively with stakeholders in the last few years around the possibilities and opportunities for the Northern Ireland economy which would come from a revised Energy Strategy, culminating in the launch of the Networks for Net Zero Report in mid-2021. NIE Networks will continue to engage with stakeholders around the recently launched Northern Ireland Energy Strategy, "Path to Net Zero Energy", to ensure that the role of electrification to support decarbonisation is maximised. During the year the directors progressed a number of proposed opportunities to address the challenges of rebuilding the Northern Ireland economy after the impact of the Covid-19 pandemic and transforming society to achieve Net Zero carbon by 2050 making practical proposals to stakeholders including the Northern Ireland Executive that could contribute to creating higher paying jobs, developing a highly skilled and agile workforce and delivering a more regionally balanced economy as part of a green recovery. As part of this initiative, regulatory approval has been obtained in principle to accelerate a number of NIE Networks' capital programmes focussed on facilitating the forecast increased uptake of low carbon technologies. The Board has overall responsibility for risk management and internal control, ensuring that the Group's risk exposure remains proportionate to the pursuit of its strategic objectives and longer-term stakeholder value. The Board delegates responsibility for oversight of risk to the Audit & Risk Committee which retains overall responsibility for ensuring that enterprise risks are properly identified, assessed, reported and controlled on behalf of the Board in its consideration of overall risk appetite, risk tolerance and risk strategy. The process of considering the Group's exposure to risk and the changes to key risks has assisted the Board in its review of strategy and the operational challenges faced by the Group. The Board has approved the Risk Management Policy to support its oversight of risk. The Committee of Sponsoring Organisations (COSO) Framework is used to guide NIE Networks in the management of uncertainty, whether positive or negative. NIE Networks' risk management framework provides clear policies, processes and procedures to ensure a consistent approach to risk identification, evaluation and management across the Group and includes appropriate structures to support risk management arid the formal assignment of risk responsibilities to facilitate managing and reporting on individual risks. Each business unit within NIE Networks maintains its own risk register. The Risk Management Policy also outlines the risk management roles and responsibilities and the main organisational and procedural arrangements that apply to support the effective management of risk. At Executive level, the Risk Management Committee (RMC), chaired by the Finance & Regulation Director and comprising a wide range of senior managers from across the Company, oversees and directs risk management in accordance with the approved policy. The RMC considers the status of principal risks and mitigation strategies (as well as emerging risks

Highlight [page 36]: and High Impact Low Probability risks) biannually and reports on its activities to the Executive Committee, Audit & Risk Committee and the Board throughout the year. • An independent review of NIE Networks' Enterprise Risk Management Process was conducted during 2021, reporting to the Audit & Risk Committee on the areas of good practice identified and making a number-of recommendations to further improve processes, with an implementation plan agreed by the committee. The Audit & Risk Committee regularly reviews management's assessment of the principal risks and mitigating actions, and emerging risks and considers detailed presentations on mitigating specific risks. Principal risks are set out in pages 26 - 30 in the Group Strategic Report. At least annually the Board considers and agrees risk tolerances for key business activities. The Internal Audit function reports to the Audit & Risk Committee, independent of management, and provides independent assurance to the Committee on the adequacy and effectiveness of NIE Networks' system of governance, risk management and control. Remuneration It is recognised that an effective remuneration policy aligned to business needs will underpin high performance. The Remuneration Policy for all employees on personal contracts, including senior executives and covering around 25% of employees, is reviewed and approved by the Board each year and the Board has oversight of the Company Agreements entered into with the Trade Unions which determine the remuneration of the 75% of employees not on personal contracts. The Remuneration Policy sets out how the Company will ensure that the remuneration of senior executives and other employees on personal contracts is aligned to market rates and allows for differentiation based on performance, competence, responsibilities and adherence to the Company's values and behaviours. The policy provides that all senior executives and employees on personal contracts receive market-based remuneration based on detailed benchmarked data derived from a range of suitable sources and verified by an independent specialist third party. The policy sets out arrangements for each element of the remuneration package, comprising salary, performance-related bonus, pension, private health insurance, death in service benefit, ill health retirement benefit and non-cash benefits, all of which are considered as part of any benchmarking exercise. A separate benchmarking policy, setting out the benchmarking process, is subject to Board approval. Salaries for all employees on personal contracts, including senior executives, are reviewed annually for potential cost of living increase, including a proportion which is dependent on the achievement of annual company performance targets, and is aligned with pay awards agreed with the trade union representing engineering staff. The remuneration package for all employees on personal contracts, including senior executives, includes the potential to earn an annual performance-related bonus based on the achievement of individual, team and company-wide performance targets, which are aligned with meeting customer and stakeholder needs. NEDs receive fees under their contracts for services. They do not receive pensions or any other remuneration. Stakeholder Relations and Engagement NIE Networks operates across all of Northern Ireland, providing service to every home and business. The Board .recognises that the Company's activities have a significant impact on many stakeholders, both current and future customers, and members of the public in relation to safety and to the environment. Key external stakeholder groups comprise the Utility Regulator, policy makers including relevant government departments and agencies; customers and their representative groups; local political representatives; electricity industry participants; industry groups; key suppliers; and bond investors. The Board has endorsed the Company's external stakeholder engagement strategy, the key element of which is to set out the Company's current, and developing, role within the industry, how it ensures: reliability of network performance, safety of the network, minimal impact on the environment and continual improvement in customer service and satisfaction. Throughout 2021 the Managing Director led the implementation of the strategy. The strategy identifies key stakeholders and their issues and interests, the Company's objectives in the engagement process and the planned delivery against each objective. During 2021 the strategy focussed on engaging on proposals for a green economic recovery in Northern Ireland, and NIE Networks' role in that recovery as well as engaging with key policy makers to actively contribute to the DfE's Northern Ireland Energy Strategy to 2030. The Strategy, publisheq by the

Highlight [page 37]: DfE in December 2021, sets out a pathway for energy to 2030 that will mobilise the skills, technologies and behaviours needed to take Northern Ireland towards the vision of net zero carbon and affordable energy by 2050. The Board receives updates from the Managing Director at each Board meeting on key stakeholder engagement activity with updates on the implementation of the strategy biannually. • The NEDs are involved directly in engagement with the Utility Regulator Board members, senior government officials and elected representatives and industry groups as appropriate on key strategic matters. Further details on engagement with key stakeholders are provided on pages 24 - 25. Given its dependence on highly trained, skilled and engaged people within the business to achieve its objectives, the Board recognises that NIE Networks' most significant stakeholder group is its workforce. NIE Networks places considerable emphasis on its employee participation and engagement processes which are well embedded in the Company's culture. The HR Director, an executive director of the Board, oversees and leads the employee engagement processes and during the year provided regular updates to the Board on the processes and matters being addressed, through the various forums, particularly in relation to responding to the pandemic, the Safer Together programme and resourcing with NEDs attending meetings of the Employee Engagement Board during the year. The Crisis Management Team Chair provided regular updates to the Board on employee communications and engagement regarding the Company's response to the pandemic. The informal engagement with employees planned for NEDs at various work locations has been impacted by the pandemic and is planned to re-commence during 2022. Details of employee engagement processes are provided on pages 19 - 20 and 22 - 23. Audit & Risk Committee The Audit & Risk Committee is a formally constituted committee of the Board with ·responsibility for overseeing the Group's financial reporting process and internal control and risk management systems. The Audit & Risk Committee comprises the independent non-executive directors, chaired by Keith Jess. The Board is satisfied that at least one member of the Committee is competent in accounting and auditing. The Committee had seven meetings during 2021. The terms of reference, which were reviewed and updated by the Board during the year, set out the duties of the Audit & Risk Committee. The most significant issues considered by the Committee during 2021, and.up to the date of this report, are outlined below: Financial Reporting • reviewed the annual, .interim and regulatory financial statements for NIE Networks and annual financial statements for NIE Finance PLC and NIE Networks Services Limited, considering the appropriateness of accounting policies, whether the financial statements give a true and fair view, the appropriateness of the going concern assumption and reviewing the significant issues and judgements; and • reviewed various regulatory submissions. Internal Controls and Risk Management " considered and approved the Risk Management Committee's work programme for 2021 and received regular updates on progress; " considered the Group's principal risks faced, together with mitigating actions being taken to manage the risks, and their alignment to the risk tolerance levels agreed with an updated risk appetite assessment relating to the Group's principal risks and other key business activities • ., considered revisions to the Risk Management Policy and recommended approval to the Board; ., monitored progress to ensure compliance with the Networks Information Systems Directive and considered a number of updates on cyber security risks, mitigations and the programme to address these increased risks at NIE Networks; • reviewed the Group's statements for publication on the prevention of slavery and human trafficking; • reviewed the operation of the Group's key ethics policies including the adequacy of the arrangements in place for employees to raise concerns about possible wrongdoing; and ., reviewed and monitored the effectiveness of internal controls and the risk management framework.

Highlight [page 38]: The Committee considered an independent review of NIE Networks' Enterprise Risk Management Process, conducted by KPMG, which identified areas of good practice and made a number of recommendations to further improve processes and agreed an implementation plan. Internal Audit " considered Deloitte's annual report of the internal audit plan conducted during 2020; • reviewed and approved the 2021 internal audit plan, monitored progress throughout the year against this plan and considered Deloitte's annual assurance statement on the adequacy and effectiveness of the Group's governance, risk management and controls during 2021; .. reviewed reports detailing the results of internal audits and the timeliness of the implementation of actions; ,. reviewed and approved the 2022 internal audit plan; and ., reviewed the effectiveness of the internal audit function during 2021, concluding that the Committee was satisfied with performance. The Committee had the facility to discuss any areas of the programme with Deloitte without the presence of management. External Audit ., reviewed reports from the external auditor on the audit of the 2020 statutory financial statements and March 2021 regulatory financial statements; 0 considered an assessment of the external audit function during the annual audit cycle to the completion of the 2020/21 regulatory accounts, concluding that"the external audit process was effective; • reviewed the proposed external audit plan for the 2021 statutory financial statements to ensure that the external auditor had identified all key audit risks and developed robust audit procedures; ., considered the external auditor's adherence to independence requirements; • reviewed the report from the external auditor on the audit of the 2021 statutory financial statements and comments on accounting, financial control and other audit issues; and • reviewed policies on the supply of non-audit services by the external auditors and employment of former employees of the external auditor, The Committee had the facility to discuss any areas of the audit with the external auditor without the. presence of management. External auditor tender During 2021 the Committee monitored the progress of the competitive tendering process for the provision of external audit services. Following consideration of the evaluation of tender responses, the Committee made a recommendation to the Board to appoint Deloitte for financial years 2023 and 2024, with an option to extend for subsequent years. The ESB Board approved the appointment following the recommendation of the NIE Networks Board. PwC will continue in office for the 2022 financial year. Deloitte completed its provision of internal audit services to NIE Networks by the end of 2021 and the Audit & Risk · Committee would record its thanks to Deloitte for its valuable service as internal auditor over the last five years .. A new outsourced internal audit provider will be appointed to provide internal audit services from 2022. In addition, during the year the effectiveness of the Audit & Risk Committee was reviewed as part of the Board's externally conducted performance evaluation. Internal Control Framework The directors acknowledge that they have responsibility for the Group's systems of internal control and risk management and monitoring their effectiveness. The purpose of these systems is to manage, rather than eliminate, the risk of failure to achieve business objectives, to provide reasonable assurance as to the quality of management information and to maintain proper control over the income, expenditure, assets and liabilities of the Group. Strong financial and business controls are necessary to ensure the integrity and reliability of financial information on which the Group relies for day-to-day operations, external reporting and for longer term planning. The Group has in place a strong internal control framework which includes: 0 a code of ethics that requires all Board members and employees to maintain the highest ethical standards in conducting business; 0 a clearly defined organisational structure with defined authority limits and reporting mechanisms; 0 comprehensive budgeting and business planning processes with an annual budget approved by the Board;

Highlight [page 39]: a continuous forecasting and monitoring process to manage financial risk; an integrated accounting system with a comprehensive system of management and financial reporting. A monthly financial report is prepared which includes analysis of results along with comparisons to budget, forecasts and prior year results. These are reviewed by the Executive Committee and the Board members on a monthly basis; a financial control framework reviewed in accordance with' statutory and regulatory obligations; • a comprehensive set of policies and procedures relating to financial and operational controls including health and safety, regulation, HR, asset management, risk management and capital expenditure; a risk management framework including the maintenance of risk registers and ongoing monitoring of key risks and mitigating actions; appropriately qualified and experienced personnel including a governance team responsible for key controls testing; senior managers formally evaluating the satisfactory and effective operation of financial and operational controls; internal auditors testing management's implementation of their recommendations following audit reviews; and a confidential helpline service to provide staff with a confidential, and if required, anonymous means to report fraud or ethical concerns. The Board, supported by the Audit & Risk Committee, has reviewed the effectiveness of the system of internal control and has concluded that, during 2021, the overall governance, risk management and internal control framework was adequate to provide reasonable assurance of sound internal control and that NIE Networks maintained an effective system of internal control which would prevent or detect against material misstatement or loss.