
Highlight [page 13]: Statement of Corporate Governance for the 52 week Pe1iod Ended 30 January 2022 The Range's business approach is based on transparency and high levels of accountability. The director has a clear vision in relation to corporate governance and issues policies and procedures as he considers appropriate for a privately owned Group. The Group • has decided to adopt the Wates Corporate Governance Principles for Large Private Companies; a framework considered to be in line with our values and ethos. Purpose and leadership The Group's strategy is devised by the director and Senior Management Team (SMT). Success is judged on continuous growth whilst delivering a high standard of product at an affordable price. In order to maintain and strengthen the reputation of the Group and its brand, high standards of business conduct are essential in order to promote values of respect and trust at all times. The director and SMT set the tone from the top, leading by example, building positive relationships with all stakeholders associated with the Group. The director and SMT review both short and long-term financial performance on an ongoing basis to ensure strategic plans and financial performance are aligned, clearly articulated and implemented throughout the Group. SMT composition and director responsibilities Whilst a formal board does not operate within The Range, the director, alongside the SMT, ensure effective management control of the Group. This structure is deemed appropriate to meet the strategic needs and challenges of the organisation enables effective decision-making. and and The director and SMT are represented by differing arms within the business which is rich in cultural background and experience. This promotes accountability and incorporates objective thought, which in tum provides constructive challenge to achieve effective decision-making. The director and SMT are responsible for setting and monitoring Group strategy with delegated responsibility given to individual management teams to support effective decision-making. The director and SMT receive regular information (which is at least monthly) on all key aspects of the business, including financial, operational and regulatory updates. Key financial information is collated from the Company's accounting systems. The Group's finance function is appropriately qualified to ensure the integrity of this information. Financial information is currently externally audited on an annual basis. Opportunity and risk Group strategy is reviewed on an ongoing basis throughout the course of the year by the director and SMT. Due to the entrepreneurial nature of the business, opportunities can be acted on, in an appropriate timescale, aiding delivery of the Group strategy. Similar to opportunities, risks are evaluated on an ongoing basis throughout the course of the period. Key risks and unce1tainties are addressed continuously, thus mitigating overall exposure to the Group. The director and SMT are responsible for the Group's internal controls and reviewing their ongoing effectiveness. These designed to mitigate risk in achieving business objectives. are Remuneration , In the absence of a formal Remuneration Committee, the director and SMT promote the internal remuneration strategy by ensuring performance, pay and benefits are transparent and intrinsically linked to financial and non-financial targets. The long-term view of the Group is to pay members of staff fairly for their role and responsibility levels, having due regard to comparable market practice and pay level. Stakeholder relationship and engagement The director is clear that the Group must adhere to high standards of business conduct, promoting values, integrity, respect and trust within its stakeholder community. This approach will help to enhance the reputation of the Group and its brand.

Highlight [page 14]: Stakeholder relationship and engagement - continued The Group recognises the importance of its environmental responsibilities, monitors its impact on the environment and designs and implements policies to reduce any damage that might be caused by the Group's activities. Initiatives designed to minimise the Group's impact on the environment include safe disposal of waste, recycling and reducing energy consumption. The Group has policies clearly detailing how relationships with suppliers, customers and lenders should be managed. These policies are key to ensuring both internal and ·external stakeholders are aligned with the values of the Group. The Group's employees are encouraged to share their ideas and visions, promoting the entrepreneurial foundations of the business .. Both informal and formal c~annels are available enabling two-way dialogue between the director/SMT and employees. The Group has a comprehensive whistleblowing policy in operation to ensure there is a clear and established route for ra1smg concerns within the Group. This is reviewed regularly to ensure it remains effective and in-line with the Group's purpose and values.