
Highlight [page 15]: STATEMENT OF CORPORATE GOVERNANCE ARRANGEMENTS The Group has in place the robust corporate governance arrangements set out below, but it did not directly apply any external corporate governance code in the year. This is because it is a holding company and its principal subsidiary, NWL (which accounts for around 95% of the Group's turnover) has in place its own extensive corporate governance arrangements, including adhering to external codes, as explained below. Best practice in corporate governance is evolving and Ofwat has worked with companies in the sector to develop four corporate governance objectives (the 2019 Objectives) which it expects them to meet. NWL has again explained, in its Annual Report and Financial Statements, how it meets the 2019 Objectives and supporting provisions. In addition to reporting compliance with the 2019 Objectives and the supporting provisions, the NWL board has also applied the Wates Corporate Governance Principles For Large Private Companies (Wates Principles).

Highlight [page 15]: Directors The Directors who served during the year and up to the date of signing were as follows: A J Hunter H Mottram CBE LS Chan H LKam D N Macrae WC W Tong Barnes SK K Man EWLHo K TChow Non-Executive Chairman Chief Executive Officer (CEO) Non-Executive Director (alternate to A J Hunter and D N Macrae) Non-Executive Director Non-Executive Director Non-Executive Director (alternate to H L Kam) Non-Executive Director (appointed 28 April 2022) Non-Executive Director (appointed 28 April 2022) Alternate Director to E W L Ho (appointed 5 July 2022) Information about Directors' remuneration is contained in note 5 to the financial statements. Board governance, responsibilities and processes The Board sets the Group's high level vision, values and strategy and ensures compliance with Group policies and legal and regulatory obligations. Within this framework, NWL operates as a standalone company and its strategy is determined by the NWL board. During the year, the only decisions referred up to the NWG Board were a number of contract and loan approvals and the slavery and human trafficking statement for the group. The Group has adopted terms of reference which set out the matters reserved to the Board for approval and matters which are, or can be, delegated to its committees and management. The Group has also adopted financial approval rules which set out the authorisation processes and financial limits to be applied to financial transactions within the Group. NWL has adopted its own appropriate guidelines. The Standing Committee can take decisions not delegated to specific committees between Board meetings. All Directors receive notice of Standing Committee meetings and may participate if they wish. Decisions taken by the Standing Committee are reported at the next Board meeting. The NWG Board meets at least five times each year. Authorisation of Directors' conflicts of interest Directors have a statutory duty, under s175 of the Companies Act 2006, to avoid a situation in which they have, or could have, a conflict of interest with the Company's interests. However, there is no breach of this duty if the Board has authorised the matter in question. The Articles of Association permit Directors (other than the Director having the interest in question) to authorise any situation giving rise to a known or potential conflict. A register of the interests which have been authorised is maintained by the Company Secretary and is available at every Board meeting.

Highlight [page 16]: Board balance and independence The composition of the Board at 31 March 2022 is as follows: A J Hunter (Chairman) and D N Macrae were appointed by CK Infrastructure Holdings Limited. H L Kam, L S Chan and WC W Tong Barnes were appointed by Cheung Kong (Holdings) Limited, which is wholly owned by CKHH. The CEO, H Mottram was appointed on the recommendation of the Nomination Committee of Northumbrian Water Group pie when it was independently listed. The Chairman and CEO have clearly defined roles and responsibilities. The Chairman leads the Board and creates the conditions for overall Board and individual Director effectiveness, both inside and outside the boardroom. The CEO is responsible for running the Group's businesses on a day-to-day basis. Whilst not members of the NWG Board, the INEDs of NWL attend Board and Committee meetings of NWG and therefore have visibility over, and are welcome to make obseNations and suggestions regarding strategic considerations at NWG, with the exception of matters relating to Wave. This ensures that the NWL board is aware of all developments at the NWG level and therefore has full knowledge of the environment in which it is operating and any risks the Group might face. The NWG Board believes that this entirely transparent approach supports compliance with Ofwat's holding company principles. NWL has refreshed its INED population entirely during the year, with the four seNing INEDs retiring and five new INEDs being appointed during the year. As per his predecessor M Parker (who retired in October 2021), the General Counsel and Company Secretary, R SomeNille (who joined in October 2021) assists the Board to ensure that good corporate governance compliance is maintained. He is also Company Secretary of NWL and is Secretary to all NWG and NWL board committees and sub-committees. NWL has its own Audit, Remuneration and Nomination Committees as well as Risk & Compliance and Assurance Sub-committees of the Audit Committee. NWG has an Audit, Risk & Assurance Committee (ARAC). Board committees During the year, the Board was assisted by the ARAC in performing its duties. The Board sets the terms of reference of its Committees and receives regular reports from their chairmen at Board meetings. Remuneration Committee H Mottram's remuneration as CEO of NWL and NWG is set by NWL's Remuneration Committee, the members of which, during the year, were A J Hunter (Chairman), P Rew, M Fay, S Lyster and D N Macrae. The Human Resources Director, from the NWL ELT, provides advice to the Committee from time to time. NWL complies with its obligations under s35A of the Water Act 2003 by disclosing in its financial statements each year a detailed breakdown of remuneration paid to the Executive Directors of NWL which is linked to NWL's standards of performance. NWL pays 70% of the remuneration of NWL's Executive Director, H Mottram, and NWG pays the remaining 30%, which reflects the time spent on activities other than NWL. No additional remuneration is paid by the Group or its shareholders. The work of the NWL Remuneration Committee comprises the adoption of principles and standards in relation to executive remuneration and benefits, as well as agreeing individual remuneration packages.