
Highlight [page 19]: Corporate Governance Report for the year ended 31 October 2021 The board recognises the importance of good corporate governance in facilitating effective, entrepreneurial and prudent management that can support the long-term success of the company and delivery of all of its stakeholders objectives. The company is not quoted and therefore is not required to comply with the UK Corporate Governance Code (the Code). However, the Company is required to consider the Wates Principles (the Principles), which were originally published in 2018. Prior to this requirement the board had already developed, and continues to keep under review, its own governance arrangements. In practice this has meant adopting and reflecting elements of the Code where we consider they are appropriate for a group of our size and complexity and now having regard to the corporate governance arrangements set out in the Principles. Corporate Governance is overseen at a board level, the board sits over all companies of the Optionis Group, which includes Parasol Limited. Purpose and strategic leadership The role of the board is to establish the purpose, vision and strategy for the company, to deliver shareholder value and be responsible for the long-term success of the Group. Individual members of the board have equal responsibility for the overall stewardship, management and performance of the Group and for the approval of its long-term objectives and strategic plans. The board oversees all the companies in the Optionis Group. It comprised a non-executive chairman and two executive directors during the year. The directors are supported by the executive management team which is comprised of a further 5 senior executive leaders. All members of the executive management team submit reports directly to the board on a monthly basis and also attended the monthly board meetings to present on their business area directly throughout the year. The members of the board and executive team maintain the appropriate balance of experience, independence and knowledge of the Group to enable them to discharge their respective duties and responsibilities and to ensure that the requirements of the business can be met. The board, with the support of the executive management team, acknowledges its collective responsibility for ensuring the long-term success of the Group by demonstrating strong leadership, setting strategy and business models, managing performance and ensuring the necessary resources are in place to deliver. It also holds itself accountable for looking after the needs of all its stakeholders, including employees, shareholders and the broader community and environment. Composition of the board and executive management team A strong feature of the board's effectiveness in delivering the strategy is our inclusive and open style of management and a free flow of information between the executive directors and non-executive chairman and non execs, the executive management team and our majority investors who had two representatives in attendance at all board meetings throughout 2021. The conduct of these meetings encourages individuals to discuss matters openly and freely and to make a personal contribution through the exercise of their personal skills and experience. Consequently, no individual or group of individuals dominate the board's decision-making process.

Highlight [page 20]: Corporate Governance Report for the year ended 31 October 2021 (continued) Vacancies on the board and executive management team are filled following a rigorous evaluation of candidates who possess the required balance of skills, knowledge and experience, using recruitment consultants where appropriate. All decisions to recruit at the board or executive management team level are recommended by the Chief Executive officer to the Chairman for approval. Once approved the process for the appointment of directors is managed by the group's Chief People officer. The Group recognises the importance of diversity at board and executive management level and that the Group comprises individuals with a wide range of skills and experience from a variety of business backgrounds. Post year end the composition of the board has changed following the change of ownership in September 2022. As a result of this transaction the board has been updated and compromises the two executive directors, a new independent chairman, an independent non-executive director and a non-executive director who is an employee of the Group's new owner. Board responsibilities Division of responsibilities There is a clear division of responsibilities between the role of the Chairman and that of the Chief executive officer of the group. The primary responsibility of the Chairman is to lead and manage the board and that of the Chief executive is to manage the business of the Group. The Chairman The Chairman is responsible for leading the board, setting its agenda and ensuring its effectiveness in all aspects of its role. He works closely with the Chief Executive on developing group strategy and provides general advice and support without directly being involved in day-to-day management of delivery. He also promotes effective and constructive dialogue and challenge between the Executive Directors, Executive Management team and the Group's majority shareholders. The Chief executive officer The Chief Executive officer's principal responsibility is to manage the Group's business and to lead the executive management team. He is responsible for ensuring the executive management team deliver on the agreed strategic objectives set by the board and maintaining strong relationships with the Chairman, the board and key shareholders and stakeholders. Board committees The board has delegated specific authority to the Audit Committee and the Remuneration Committee. The Audit Committee has the primary responsibility for monitoring the quality of internal controls, ensuring that the financial performance of the group is properly measured and

Highlight [page 21]: Corporate Governance Report for the year ended 31 October 2021 (continued) reported on and reviewing reports from the group's auditors. The Audit Committee meets at least twice a year. The Remuneration Committee reviews the performance of the Executive Directors and Executive Management team and determines their terms and conditions of service, including their remuneration and the award of any equity- based remuneration. In practice, the Remuneration Committee engages with the Group's majority shareholder prior to finalising recommendations of both the executive· directors' and executive management team's remuneration. This open and proactive approach ensures that there is a clear alignment between the remuneration of directors and executive management and our delivery of our strategy. The Committee also agrees all board and executive management team vacancies and approves the recommended candidates to fill such vacancies as and when they arise. The Remuneration Committee will meet at least annually and additionally as required. Risk Management The Group's corporate objective is to maximise long-term shareholder value. In doing so, the directors recognise that creating value is a reward for taking and accepting risk. The directors consider risk management to be crucial to the Group's success and give a high priority to ensuring that adequate systems are in place to evaluate and limit risk ~xposure. Internal control and financial reporting The board are responsible for the company's system of internal control and for reviewing its effectiveness across its operations. The company's system of internal financial control includes restrictions on payment authorisations and execution and, where appropriate and possible, duties are segregated. The annual budgeting, forecasting and monthly management reporting system, which applies throughout the group, enables trends to be evaluated and variances to be acted upon. The Group board and Executive Management team receive monthly financial information on results and other performance data and reviews financial and performance data at each of its monthly meetings. Any system of internal control, however, is designed to manage, rather than eliminate the risk of failure to achieve business objectives and client outcomes. In establishing and reviewing the system of internal controls the directors consider the nature and extent of relevant risks, the likelihood of a loss being incurred and costs of control. Going concern The company's business activities, together with the factors likely to affect its future development and performance, are set out in the strategic review. In addition, the strategic review refers to the group's capital position and cash flows. In carrying out their duties in respect of going concern, the directors carry out a review of the group's financial position and cash flow forecasts for the foreseeable future. These

Highlight [page 22]: account specific business risks and the current economic environment. The directors have a reasonable expectation that the group has adequate resources to continue in operational existence for the foreseeable future, For this reason, they continue to adopt the going concern bas.isof accounting in preparing the Financial Statements. Stakeholderrelationships.andeng~gement The board is keen to ensure ongoing and effective communication with all stakeholders. Further reading on stakeholder engagement can be found in our Section 172 statement on pages 5 to 9.