
Highlight [page 10]: PLRL has applied the Wates Corporate Governance Principles (published by the Financial Reporting Council ("FRC") in December 2018 and available on the FRC website) in preparing this statement. Principle 1 - Purpose and leadership During the year, the Company was a reinsurance company operating in the UK and across selected markets through its Singapore, South Korea and Canada branches and its representative offices in Japan and China. Additionally, the Company provided retrocession services to an affiliate in Australia. The primary purpose of the Company was to provide a comprehensive range of wholesale life risk management products and services to clients across these markets. As a result of the transfers to RIBM, from 1 January 2022, PLRL only holds and writes new business in South Korea and Canada, see above in the "Overseas branches" section for more information. The Division's guiding framework defines the following principles and behaviours of its employees: • The Division's principles (the "Principles") are to be "long-term driven", "selective about its people", "decisive and pragmatic", "connected with its clients" and "intelligent innovators"; and • The Division's expectation of behaviours of its employees (the "Behaviours") are to be "ethical and trustworthy", "brave", "resilient", "accountable" and "inclusive and collaborative". This framework was established under the Board's direction in order to guide the Company's strategy, decisions, processes and culture. Updates on business performance and goals are given at regular Business Unit team meetings, Business Unit Management Team meetings and an annual Leadership Team event. The Division's Principles and Behaviours are embedded into business as usual activities, including the recruitment and performance review processes, talent reviews and a leadership framework with leadership competencies which align to Division Principles and Behaviours. The Board, as well as senior management employed by the Division, aim to exemplify the Division's Principles and Behaviours in order to establish a positive working culture. Principle 2 - Board composition A list of all acting Board Directors can be found on the Companies House website: https://beta.companieshouse.gov. uk/company/00825110. The Company has a separate Chair and CEO to ensure that the balance of responsibilities, accountabilities and decision making is effectively maintained. The Chair, an Independent Non-Executive Director, plays an important role in creating the conditions for overall Board and individual Director effectiveness.

Highlight [page 11]: In 2021, the Board comprised a Chair, CEO, Chief Financial Officer, Chief Risk Officer, five independent Non-Executive Directors ("Independent NEDs") and one group NED. On 10 January 2022, three out of the five Independent NEDs resigned from the Board as agreed with the PRA following the restructuring of the Pacific Life Re Division and the transfer of most assets and liabilities cif the Company and its Singapore branch, to RIBM and its branches. It is planned that a further Independent NED and the Group NED will resign on 19 April 2022. The size and composition are of appropriate for the size and nature of PLRL's business. Independent NEDs bring experience in finance, underwriting, insurance! risk and audit, in addition to perspectives and challenge from outside the sectors in which the Company operates. The Directors have equal voting rights when making decisions, and all Directors have access to the advice of the legal team and services of the Company Secretary. The duties of the Board are executed partially through committees, for example, the Audit Committee and the Risk Committee. The Chairs of each committee (as noted on pages 14 to 15) were all Independent NEDs during the reporting period. In this role, they can act as a sounding board as well as challenge and influence a broad range of areas across the Company. A group representative NED became the Chair of the Risk Committee from 10 January 2022. It is planned that the Audit committee's and the Risk Committee's activities will be assumed by the Board from 19 April 2022. The Remuneration Committee of the Company ceased to exist on 1 January 2022, following the transfer of most assets and liabilities of the Company and its Singapore branch, to Pacific Life Re International Limited and its branches and following consultation with the PRA. From 2022, the Remuneration Committee of Pacific Life Re International Limited and Pacific Life Re Global Limited considers the remuneration of the Division's employees, save for those employed by Pacific Life Re (Australia) Pty Limited. The Directors receive regular updates from the Company's executive management and senior personnel including quarterly management information packages; regular solvency monitoring updates; and as needed, Prudential Regulation Authority ("PRA") correspondence and submission notices, material staffing changes, and progress updates on relevant projects. The Board has in previous years conducted a self-assessment of its performance and effectiveness annually. The Chair considered the results of the annual Board self-assessment, and each Director was encouraged to embrace the evaluation process and take appropriate action where development needs are identified. Due the changes to the Board's composition on 10 January 2022 and the further proposed changes on 19 April 2022, the usual Board self-assessment has not been conducted. There has been no change to Executive Directors' performance assessment. The Division launched its diversity and inclusion strategy in 2019 in order to create a culture where everyone in the business ,can thrive. This culture is driven through leadership, processes, development, reward and communication. The CEO is the overall sponsor for the diversity and inclusion strategy and personally delivers communications to employees on this. Succession planning for Executive Directors and independent NEDs places emphasis on diversity and inclusion and from January 2022, is carried out by the Board of RIBM and RGBM. Principle 3 - Director Responsibilities Accountability The Company's governance supports open and fair business, ensures that the Company has the right safeguards in place and aims to ensure that every decision it takes is underpinned by the right considerations. Whilst Board oversight is always maintained, key decisions are made by the appropriate individuals in management and Committees with the most appropriate knowledge and industry experience. Each Board member has a clear understanding of their accountability and responsibilities. The PLRL Board meet ten times a year during the reporting period and drive the majority of business decisions. The frequency of meetings will reduce in 2022.

Highlight [page 12]: All Division employees, including Directors, Committee members and other members of the wider leadership team, undertake annual Compliance training and complete an internal Code of Business Conduct ("COBC") certification. If applicable to their role, certain employees and all Directors are asked to disclose and update Conflict of Interest ("COi") declarations. These certificates are retained by PLIC's compliance function. The Board delegates authority for day-to-day management of the Company to the Chief Executive Officer ("CEO"). The CEO is supported by the Division's Executive Committee ("EXCO"). The communication includes but is not limited to quarterly staff updates and annual employee surveys. During the reporting period, EXCO comprised the Division CEO, Division Chief Financial Officer, Division Chief Risk Officer, Division Chief Underwriter, Division Chief Pricing Officer and the managing Directors for the Retro, Europe, and Australia and Asia Business Units. The Division Chief Information Officer, Julie Evans, joined EXCO on 1 January 2022. The Division Chief Pricing Officer (Paul Lewis) will take on the new EXCO role of Division Chief Operating Officer effective 22 April 2022. At that time, along with his current Pricing responsibilities, Paul Lewis will also assume responsibility for the Finance and Corporate Actuarial Teams. The independent NEDs are wholly independent in that they have no material business or relationships with the Division that might influence their independence or judgement. In addition, certain governance responsibilities are delegated to other Board committees (Audit, Remuneration and BRC). During the reporting period, the Audit Committee and BRC included both independent NEDs and the group NED. During the reporting period, the Remuneration Committee included the Chair, the Chief Executive, the CEO of Pacific Life and a representative from the Division's human resources team. The Remuneration Committee of the Company ceased to exist on 1 January 2022, following the transfer of most assets and liabilities of the Company and its Singapore branch, to Pacific Life Re International Limited and its branches and following consultation with the PRA. From 2022, the Remuneration Committee of RIBM and RGBM considers the remuneration of the Division's employees, save for those employed by PLRA. Integrity of information The Board receives regular and timely management information on all key aspects of the business including risks and opportunities, and the financial performance of the business. Key financial information is collated from the Division's accounting systems. The Division's finance function is appropriately qualified to ensure the integrity of this information and is provided with the necessary training to keep up to date with regulatory changes. Financial information is currently externally audited by Deloitte LLP on an annual basis, and financial controls are reviewed by the Division's internal audit function, Other key information is prepared by the relevant internal function. Processes for collecting data, as well as the reporting of that data, are reviewed on a cyclical basis by the Division's internal audit function with quarterly reporting provided to the audit committee. Principle 4 - Opportunity and Risk The Board seeks out opportunity whilst mitigating risk where possible. Opportunity Long and short-term opportunities are considered by the Board during its principal meetings, including but not limited to: capital projects; material contracts1; reinsurance transactions1; retrocession arrangements1; material intra-group transactions1; new markets and strategies; and capital injections.

Highlight [page 13]: Risk During the reporting period, the BRC ensured key risks are identified and managed appropriately and in a timely manner at the legal entity level. The committee's core responsibilities included reviewing the effectiveness of risk management· information, partial internal model performance and best estimate actuarial assumptions, as well as monitoring risk exposures relative to risk appetite. Risk oversight by the DRMC and Business Unit risk committees, as well as the Division's key operational risks and mitigations, are outlined in the risk management information which was presented to DRMC. It is planned that the BRC's activities will be assumed by the Board from 19 April 2022. The Division's systems and controls are designed to manage, rather than to eliminate, the risk of failure to achieve business objectives and can only provide reasonable and not an absolute assurance against a risk materialising. Responsibilities The Board approves material agreements for: • reinsurance (materiality levels differ between longevity and protection business); • debt facilities; • retrocession; and • intra-group transactions. Materiality is determined by the Board and is set out in the Board Reserved Matters. Principle 5 - Remuneration The Remuneration Committee's primary objective is to set remuneration at a level that will enhance resources by securing and retaining quality senior management to deliver the Division's strategic ambitions in a manner consistent with both its purpose and the interests of its stakeholders. The CEO's remuneration is not discussed or determined by the Remuneration Committee but is reviewed and approved by members of the governing body of Pacific Life Insurance Company ("PUC") in consultation with the Chair in accordance with the PUC remuneration policy. The PLRL Remuneration Committee met annually and has clearly defined terms of reference. It is responsible for reviewing an annual report prepared by management, which details the Division's proposed fixed and variable remuneration for the previous year, compliance with the principles set out in the remuneration policy and whether the remuneration policy and practices are effective and consistent with effective risk management and regulatory requirements. The Remuneration Committee also approves the remuneration of any persons for whom a significant portion of total remuneration is based on performance and whose activities, individually or collectively, may affect the financial soundness of the Division. The Division is an active equal opportunities employer and promotes an environment free from discrimination, harassment and victimisation, with an emphasis on equality and career development regardless of age, gender, nationality, ethnic origin, religion, marital status, sexual orientation or disability. All decisions relating to employment practices (including remuneration) are intended to be objective, free from bias and based solely upon work criteria and individual merit. Modified incentive arrangements apply to senior members of the Risk team. The Directors' remuneration is disclosed in Note 7 Directors' Emoluments. The Remuneration Committee ceased to exist on 1 January 2022, following the transfer of most assets and liabilities of the Company and its Singapore branches, to Pacific Life Re International Limited and its branches and following consultation with the PRA. From 2022, the Remuneration Committee of RIBM and RGBM considers the remuneration of the Division's employees, save for those employed by PLRA.

Highlight [page 14]: Principle 6 - Stakeholders The Board is clear that good governance and effective communication are essential on a day-to-day basis to deliver the Company's purpose and to protect the Company's brand, reputation and relationships with its stakeholder community including its parent, clients, employees and the local communities in which the Company operates. The Board continues to seek to align the Company's strategic direction with its purpose and the Division restructuring and to the ultimate parent's long-term aspirations for sustainability, growth, risk management and diversification. External impacts The Division is refining its Corporate Social Responsibility ("CSR") strategy, to be launched in 2022. This strategy will include assessing the environmental impact of the Division's operations. Several initiatives are already in place across the Division, including but not limited to: • CSR Committees in each Business Unit • The Division offers a charity matching scheme, whereby it matches employee's donations to charities; • The Business Units have Charity Committees, which organise various fundraising events throughout the year to support partnership charities; • Some Business Units have initiatives in place whereby employees collectively provide volunteering services to partnership charities in their local community; • The Company's offices have recycling initiatives in place; and • The Division offers one day per annum paid leave to employees for community volunteering activities. In addition to the above, the Division recently enhanced its Smarter Working policy, giving everyone greater flexibility in choosing how and where they work. The continuing challenges of COVID-19 in 2021 led to an increased focus on the health and wellbeing of employees and many felt the benefits of being able to juggle personal and work commitments in a way that suits them as a result of remote working. Smarter Working also underlines our commitment to being an ever more inclusive business. It also has positive environmental impacts by enabling the Division to reduce its carbon footprint by reducing travel. As part of the focus on health and wellbeing of employees, the Division granted five company-wide Wellbeing days in 2021. Stakeholders The Board promotes accountability and transparency with all external stakeholders. The Division employs external companies as third-party consultants in order to conduct client surveys, allowing the Division to monitor client engagement and ensuring that an objective view can be taken on the results. These surveys are conducted annually at varying times of the year and results are reported to the Board where appropriate. The findings are used in order to improve client engagement throughout the business. A Whistleblowing Policy with details of how to report concerns is available to all staff via the Division's intranet. The whistleblowing champion is an independent NED who can be contacted by any member of staff that wishes to raise an issue. Anonymous reporting is facilitated by a third party and is accessed via submitting a form on line or calling a toll-free number (the details of which can be found in the Whistleblowing Policy). Annual employee engagement surveys are performed to highlight areas of improvement in communication of the Division's purpose. The Board considers key' results of employee engagement surveys a good barometer of the workforce's confidence in the Division's strategic direction, optimism in the future and career opportunities. Together with the EXCO, the Board has overseen several initiatives over the past few years to improve employee engagement: • Expanding the scope of the Smarter Working policy in 2021 in direct response to employee feedback and to accommodate hybrid working;

Highlight [page 15]: Supporting career conversations and creating clarity for employees as to how to transition to the next level in their career; and • Being directly involved in supporting succession planning and talent discussions for key roles. The Division's website (http://www.pacificlifere.com/), intranet and social media channels provide extensive and up-to-date news on recent developments. PLRL Board Details of individual Directors' attendance of PLRL Board meetings in 2021 are shown in the following table: •Name of o;;ector Maximum Principal meetings could attend no. of Board Director No. of Principal Board meetings Director attended Percentage of Principal Board meetings attended Chair -executive independent non-Toby Strauss Executives David Howell - Chief Executive -Chief Duncan Hayward Financial Officer George Scott - Chief Risk Officer Resigned 09/06/2021 Michelle Moloney - Chief Risk Officer Appointed 09/06/2021 Non-Executives Group -parent representative Gary Falde Non-Executives - independent Simon Machell John Lister Steve Payne Ian Robinson 10 10 10 10 10 10 100% 100% 100% 6 4 6 3 100% 75% 10 10 10 10 10 10 9 10 10 10 100% 90% 100% 100% 100%

Highlight [page 16]: The Board operates an agenda of standing items appropriate to the Company's operating and reporting cycles. Items requiring Board approval or endorsement are defined clearly. Other items are for monitoring or reviewing progress against strategic priorities, risk management or the adequacy of internal controls. During 2021 the Board: . Approved entry into a Business Transfer Agreement with Pacific Life Re International Limited and various other related documents and arrangements related to the restructuring of the Division; • Approved the Annual Accounts and Reports for the Year End 2020; • Received detailed reports on the Company's operational and financial performance; • Reviewed cash forecasts, asset management and status reports on the Company's investments; • Received regular reports from the Chairs of the Audit, BRC, and Remuneration Committees on activities and recommendations of the Committees as well as updates from executive management; • Received detailed reports on the status of various Company-wide ongoing projects, in particular the restructuring of the Division; • Approved appointment of Michelle Moloney as an Executive Director; • Monitored the Company's Solvency Capital Ratio; • Approved changes to various risk policies; • Considered future Board composition and Directors' duties; and • Approved the 2022 Financial Plan for the Company. Audit Committee The Audit Committee's primary concerns have been the integrity of the Company's financial statements; the effectiveness of internal controls; the performance of the internal audit function; the performance and independence of the external auditors; and the Company's compliance with related legal and regulatory requirements. The Audit Committee had clearly defined terms of reference, which are reviewed as necessary. Specific responsibilities include reviewing and recommending for approval the annual financial statements, reviewing the Company's accounting policies, reviewing the effectiveness of internal controls, internal audit processes and reviewing the scope and results of the external audit. The Audit Committee comprised the Chair (Ian Robinson, an independent Non-Executive Director) and three other NEDs, two of which are independent. The Chair reports on the activities of the Audit Committee at each Board meeting. The Board is satisfied that the recent and relevant financial experience of both the Committee Chair and the Committee's members during 2021 followed the principles of good governance in relation to their skills, knowledge and experience. Following consultation with the PRA and in light of the Division's restructuring, the Audit Committee from 2022 comprises three NEDs, .two of which are independent. It is planned that the Audit committee's activities will be assumed by the Board from 19 April 2022. External Auditors Deloitte LLP ("Deloitte") were re-appointed external auditors after a tender process during 2018. The Audit Committee challenges Deloitte's audit plan and methodology annually. Both management and the external auditors are committed to a positive working relationship that enhances the effective execution of the audit process. The Company has governance arrangements regarding the extent of non-audit services it can procure from audit firms, and this is overseen by the Board Audit Committee. Deloitte were appointed as external auditors on 31 October 2008. The Audit Committee identifies re-tendering of the external audit service every 10 years as good practice.

Highlight [page 17]: BRC The BRC has been responsible for advising the Board on the Company's risk framework, including overall design of the framework, risk strategy, risk appetite, capital management policy and other risk policies relevant to the Company. It also advises the Board on the partial internal model used to calculate the Company's solvency capital requirement. The BRC oversees the risk function's implementation of the framework, with particular focus on the conduct of the annual ORSA and is responsible for monitoring risk exposures in relation to the Company's risk appetite. The BRC is also responsible for reviewing the adequacy and effectiveness of risk management information, material actuarial assumptions, the results of the annual experience analyses and the resulting actuarial assumption changes. The BRC has clearly defined terms of reference, which are reviewed at least annually. During the reporting period, the BRC consisted of five NEDs, four of which were independent. From 2022, the BRC consists of three NEDs, two of which are independent and an executive director with the chair reporting to the Board on the BRC activities. As PLRL's scale has reduced following the business transfers effective on 1 January 2022, it is intended that the BRC's responsibilities will be carried out by the Board from 02 2022. Remuneration Committee The role of the Remuneration Committee is as outlined on page 12. In 2021, the Remuneration Committee was chaired by Toby Strauss and ceased to exist in 2022 following consultation with the PRA and in light of the Division's restructuring. From 2022, the Remuneration Committee of RIBM and RGBM considers th~ remuneration of the Divisiqn's employees, save for those employed by PLRA. EXCO The EXCO is responsible for the day-to-day management of the Company's business affairs and is chaired and led by the CEO. The EXCO's duties include formulating strategy proposals for Board approval and ensuring that the agreed strategy is implemented in a timely and effective manner. The EXCO consists of individuals responsible for the Business Units and key functions. The EXCO consists of individuals responsible for the Business Units and key functions. During the reporting period, EXCO comprised the Division CEO, Division Chief Financial Officer, Division Chief Risk Officer, Division Chief Underwriter, Division Chief Pricing Officer and the managing directors for the Retro, Europe, and Australia and Asia Business Units. The Division Chief Information Officer, Julie Evans, joined EXCO on 1 January 2022. The Division Chief Pricing Officer (Paul Lewis) will take on the new EXCO role of Division Chief Operating Officer effective 22 April 2022. At that time, along with his current Pricing responsibilities, Paul Lewis will also assume responsibility for the Finance and Corporate Actuarial Teams. It is also planned that the current Division Chief Underwriter (Warren Copp) and the Division Chief Financial Officer (Duncan Hayward) will retire from EXCO at the end of 2022 and during the second half of 2023 respectively. The Division Chief Underwriter and Division Chief Finance Officer roles will be carried out by Senior Leadership Team level members who will report to the new Division Chief Operating Officer. These changes are also planned to take effect from April 2022 or, in the case of Division Chief Underwriter, when the recruitment process for the role is concluded in 2022. A biography for each EXCO member can be found on the Division's w_ebsitewww.pacificlifere.com.