
Highlight [page 6]: Corporate Governance Arrangements The company follows a combination of formal corporate governance codes of practice and arrangements appropriate to its status as an Ofqual-recognised awarding body, as well as being influenced by the UK Corporate Governance Code (by virtue of its UK premium-Hsted parent company, Pearson pie). Areas that are predominantly governed at group-fevef in fine with the UK Corporate Governance Code include purpose and values, financial controls, risk management and employee engagement. Additionally, the company has its own distinct governance arrangements, notably the Board of Directors which is responsible, directly or indirectly, for all corporate approvals and decisions by the entity and for overseeing the regulatory requirements of the company as an awarding body, The pages that follow describe the company's robust hybrid governance arrangements which, for simplicity, we have aligned with the slx core themes of the Wates Principles. Purpose and Leadership - The company has a clearly defined purpose, which is agreed on an annual basis and referenced in the schedule of matters reserved for the Board. At its heart, the Board of Pearson Education Limited is responsible for the governance of Pearson's UK education businesses, including the development and administration of qualifications for schools, colleges, higher education and work-based learning settings, plus educational publishing and technologies to support teaching and learning. - To ensure engagement with a wide variety of stakeholders, the board consists of Executive Directors (to represent internal functions and business areas), and independent Non-Executive Directors. The independent Non-Executive Directors bring experience from a wide range of backgrounds, including educational institutions and employers, and provide scrutiny and challenge to the executive management. - Representatives from Pearson's HR, Government Relations and Corporate Affairs and Legal functions are also regular attendees at Board meetings, and bring a range of internal and external stakeholder perspectives to the Board's discussions. There is also an open dialogue between the Board and regulators, typ!ca!!y overseen by the company's Responsible Officer, Derek Richardson (who is also an Executive Director) allowing decisions to be made proactively and in a timely manner when required. - The company understands that a healthy culture is critical to the company's performance, and is vital to the creation and protection of long-term value. Culture can be defined as a combination of the values, attitudes and behaviours manifested by a company in its operations and relationships with its stakeholders and is a key point of discussion for Directors. Culture and employee wellbeing is monitored at Group level but is also discussed in detail at Board meetings, where it is also informed by updates from the HR function. - Whilst the company's overall strategy is driven by the parent company, the details (i.e. the how, when and where) are developed and refined at Board level. Strategy is discussed throughout the year and the Board ensures that balance is struck between short-term targets or needs, and the longer-term aspirations which may form part of the Group strategy. The Board is responsible for ensuring that its strategy is clearly articulated and implemented throughout the organisation, and that it, along with the company values, supports appropriate behaviours and practices.

Highlight [page 7]: Board Composition - The Board is led by the Chair, who is responsible for its overall effectiveness, promoting open debate and facilitating constructive discussion. The Chair, supported by the Company Secretary, ensures that all Directors have appropriate information in a timely manner, and that sufficient time is made available for meaningful discussion. There is a separation between the role of the Chair and the Executive Directors, ensuring a balance of power and enabling effective decision-making. - The company is aware that a balanced Board promotes effective decision-making and supports the delivery of a company's strategy. As such, the company ensures that the Board is made up of directors with a balance of skills, background and experience. New appointments are always made in line with gaps in this matrix, and with regard to diversity and independence. - Appointments of Non-Executive Directors are made following a rigorous selection process led by a Nominations Committee, made up of the Chair, a Non-Executive Director and an Executive Director. The process is also supported by HR and the Company Secretary. Upon appointment, Non-Executive Directors participate in a detailed induction programme in which they meet with leaders from all main business areas, as well as the Company Secretary and corporate functions such as Finance. Director Responsibilities -As the company follows a combination of the UK Corporate Governance Code and the governance arrangements that relate to its status as an awarding body, the Directors have a number of policies that work in tangent to promote effective stewardship, delivering long-term value. The key documents relevant to corporate governance and decision-making by the company include: - the Schedule of Matters Reserved to the Board, which sets out those matters that require Board approval, and - the Standing Committee Terms of Reference, which authorises a sub-committee of Executive Directors and other approved senior employees of the Pearson Group to take certain decisions on behalf of the company, which are primarily routine in nature, for example operational matters or intra-group matters relevant to the company's status as a subsidiary of the Group. - The Chair, Executive Directors and the Company Secretary periodically review the governance processes (often in line with the Group) to confirm that they remain fit for purpose and consider any initiatives which could strengthen the governance of the company. - The Board has established formal and robust internal processes to ensure systems and controls are operating effectively, and that the quality and integrity of information provided to it is reliable, enabling directors to monitor and challenge the performance of the company, thus allowing the Directors to make informed decisions. To do this, the Board receives presentations and reports from a broad range of individuals, both internal and, where appropriate, external to the company. These reports contain both qualitative and quantitative information, and the Directors are able to request additional information to be provided in order to make an informed decision. Reports could contain information that includes, but is not limited to: financial information: KPls; workforce data: environmental data; and stakeholder feedback. - Furthermore, the Chair and the Company Secretary ensure that Board papers and supporting information are clear, comprehensive and relevant. Each Board paper is prefaced with a summary, enabling the Directors to quickly determine the discussion point of each matter, and also to summarise what is expected of the Directors for each paper or matter discussed. The Board papers are collated and issued to the Board in a timely manner, to provide efficient time for the papers to be read and matters to be digested.

Highlight [page 8]: Opportunity and Risk - The Board considers and assesses how the company creates and preserves value over the long-term for all areas of the business. The Board also considers, including through feedback from stakeholders, areas of Innovation and future opportunities. Future opportunities and decisions of a certain size or risk profile are always considered and approved at Board or executive level and in line with financial and legal protocols governed by the Group's Schedule of Authority. - The Board has a responsibility for effective risk management, although risk is predominantly monitored and reported through the risk management framework adopted at Group level. As such, Executive Directors of the company participate in an internal reporting process within the Group, which involves internal communication on the identification of risk factors, both internally and externally. In 2022, the Board reviewed its risk approach and, going forward, a risk paper will be tabled to the Board at regular intervals. Please refer to pages 60-69 in Pearson pie's 2021 Annual Report for further information on the Group's risk management process. Remuneration - The Executive Directors are employees of entities within the Pearson Group and, as such, their remuneration is governed by a group-wide set of remuneration principles that govern how people are rewarded, which has been adopted at Group level. For further details as to the Group reward principles and remuneration framework, please see pages 113-131 of the Pearson pie 2021 Annual Report. The remuneration of the Non-Executive Directors and the Chair is reviewed on a periodic basis. Stakeholder Relationships and Engagement - Dialogue with stakeholders helps the Board to understand the effects of company policies and practices, predict future developments and trends, and to refine strategy. As such, the Board receives an update on each of the business areas (including Assessments & Qualifications, Workforce Skills, Higher Education and English Language Learning) that focuses on different products and services with particular groups of stakeholders. In addition, the Board receives standing reports on areas such as Finance, HR, and standards and regulation. Executive Directors and other members of senior management provide regular updates to the Board on engagement with, and feedback from, these stakeholder groups. Engagement takes place through a wide variety of means such as school and college user groups, dialogue with governmental bodies and regulators, participation in trade associations, and through specially-commissioned research programmes. For additional details on engagement with stakeholders, please see the section on Stakeholder Engagement on pages 16-19 of the Pearson pie 2021 Annual Report. - Engagement with employees takes place at a Group level through a variety of methods, including but not limited to the Employee Engagement Network and various task forces. For further details, please see page 5 of this report and page 86-87 of the Pearson pie 2021 Annual Report.