
Highlight [page 7]: ates Principles of Corporate Governance The Company has applied The Wates Corporate Governance Principles for Large Private Companies 2018. A summary of the Company's activities and policies in relation to its founding six principles follows.

Highlight [page 8]: Purpose The Directors have promoted a core purpose which Is for the Company to be the best and most respected in its sector and to create the opportunity of a better future for all of its team members. This purpose is underpinned by four key areas of focus: • To be a valued partner for all of our customers; • The pursuit of operational excellence; • Safety as a condition, for our people and our products, and • The development of a unique portfolio of diverse, complimentary business units. The Company has core values which are determination, simplicity, availability, humility, sincerity, discipline and ownership. They guide the behaviours of the Company and its people. SeniorManagement Team The team comprises individuals with diverse backgrounds, skills and experience. Together, they have a wealth of knowledge in the food sector necessary to provide effective governance and oversight of the Company. • President and Chief Executive Officer • Chief Finance Officer • VP Human Resources • Operations Director • Group Technical Director • Managing Directors for each Business unit o Agriculture o Abattoirs/Fresh Pork o Retail Packing o Dalehead Responsibilities The Senior Management Team is responsible for the long term sustainability of the Company for the benefit of its stakeholders including employees, suppliers, customers, shareholders and local communities. The team's objectives are to implement the Company's strategy, Their activities include but are not limited to the following: • Set the Company's strategic and operating plans; • Approve appointments to the senior team; • Ensure compliance with corporate governance, legal, statutory and regulatory requirements; • Monitor risks and internal controls; • Review adequacy of the Company's whistle blowing arrangements; • Approve treasury policy and changes to capital structure • Approve annual budgets, interim management and financial statements; and • Assess the Company's going concern. RiskManagement The Risk Committee assessesand evaluates risks through discussions, workshops and output from senior operational and functional management. The Company's Risk Register is updated when appropriate and discussed with the relevant member of the Senior Management Team for consideration and approval. Risk assessments include health & safety, food safety, animal welfare, cyber security, legal and financial control functions. Remuneration The Company's remuneration principles ensure that pay is fair, equitable, aligned to the Company's purpose and promotes the long-term success of the Company. Remuneration includes both short term and long-term performance related targets which consider reputational and behavioural risks as well as financial performance.

Highlight [page 9]: Stakeholders The Company regularly engages with stakeholders to make informed decisions thus ensuring successful long term outcomes. • Shareholders - Regular meetings are held with our parent company to ensure that our overall strategy and performance aligns to that of the Pilgrim's Pride Group; • Employees - Communications with employees are via engagement surveys, values workshops, regular briefings and updates. The Company also engageswith Unions on a regular basis; • Customers - Our strategy is to become a valued partner to key customers. The Company works closely with key customers on supporting their strategies through developments in product and sustainable production. Dedicated account management teams have a daily interaction with key customers to support their requirements; • Suppliers - Pilgrim's Pride has strategic relationships with certain key suppliers and the procurement team manages the day to day operational activities; • Community - Pilgrim's Pride supports a range of community projects and employees regularly participate in local events.