
Highlight [page 11]: Statement of corporate governance arrangements The directors of each entity in the Group have applied the six Wates Corporate Governance Principles (Wates Principles) for the financial year ended 31 December 2021. The management of each Group entity is the responsibility of the board of that Group entity, subject to the duties and responsibilities imposed on directors (including pursuant to the Companies Act legislation), the Group's "Corporate Governance and Delegated Authorities Mandate" (the Mandate) and certain policies and procedures which are applied on a Group wide basis. As a result of the arrangements between the Company's shareholders, each shareholder is represented by a non-executive director on: • the board of each of the main Group entities, including the Company; and • the two sub-committees of the Group, which are the Audit and Risk Committee and the Remuneration Committee. These committees operate on a Group wide basis. Meetings of the boards and committees referred to above are only quorate if the shareholder directors are present. The board of the Company is responsible for setting the strategic direction of the Group, its values and culture, which are then implemented by each Group entity, to the extent relevant to that Group entity and subject to the duties and responsibilities imposed on directors of that Group entity. The directors consider that adherence to the Wates Principles facilitates compliance by each Group entity with the duties and responsibilities imposed on directors (including pursuant to section 172 Companies Act 2006). The following describes how each of the Wates Principles, shown in italics, has been applied for the Company and each Group entity.

Highlight [page 12]: Statement of corporate governance arrangements (continued) Purpose and leadership "An effective board develops and promotes the purpose of a company, and ensures that its values, strategy and culture align with that purpose" The Company's shareholders are represented by non-executive directors who attend the PLCL board on their behalf and have full voting rights in determining strategy and significant investments made by the Group. The Group's Business Strategy (the Strategy) is presented to the PLCL board annually. The Strategy sets out business opportunities, risks and business enablers that underpin the achievement of the Group's objectives. The Strategy also identifies the management initiatives and actions necessary to deliver the outcomes required by the Strategy. The proposed Strategy is considered by the PLCL board and benchmarked against the expectations of the Company's shareholders, wider stakeholders and against the views of the industry experts, independent non-executive directors. Following appropriate review and challenge, the Strategy is approved by the PLCL board. Individual investment decisions are considered and approved by the PLCL board as described in the Opportunities and Risk section below. The Strategy is communicated to staff via team meetings and management forums. Members of the PLCL board also attended a virtual annual staff forum in 2021 where they were available to answer staff questions as well as share their views on the Group's performance and future direction. The Group's Values of Respect, Integrity, Excellence, Delivery and Sustainability are widely communicated across the business and are central to the development of the business culture being promoted across·the Group. Face to face Vison and Values meetings in 2021 were deferred until 2022 due to the Covid-19 pandemic, but regular communication of the Group's values continued through internal news articles and team meetings. The Group's Charter that was issued in 2020 sets out a collaborative, employee-led standard of excellence and defines consistent behaviours expected at all levels in the business. The value of Respect was further supported by the issue of an Equal Opportunities and Diversity Policy in 2021. Values are further considered through the annual objective setting and performance appraisal processes, which are completed for all members of staff. The Group has a Whistleblowing policy that provides staff and other parties with a mechanism to raise any concerns they m::iy have about any allegations of misconduct and unethical practices to the Group's Chairman or General Counsel. Board composition "Effective board composition requires an effective chair and a balance of skills, backgrounds, experience and knowledge, with individual directors having sufficient capacity to make a valuable contribution. The size of a board should be guided by the scale and complexity of the company" The Company's board composition is in line with the board structure as determined by the arrangements between the Company's shareholders. The PLCL board reflects the requirement for company shareholder representation, non-executive industry expertise as well as the senior executive management team. The PLCL board met nine times in 2021. The roles of the Chairman and Chief Executive Officer are split, with responsibilities of the Chairman set out in his letter of appointment. The Chairman is an independent non-executive director. The PLCL board is comprised of non-executive shareholder management representatives, independent non-executive industry experts and the core executive management team. Shareholder representatives are professional asset managers appointed by the Group's owners and the industry specialists are recognised as long standing experts in the rail and rail leasing sector having previously held senior management positions in the rail industry. The composition and structure of the board of each Group entity was initially considered following the acquisition of the Group in 2014 and is kept under consideration to ensure that each board remains effective.

Highlight [page 13]: Director responsibilities "The board and individual directors should have a clear understanding of their accountability and responsibilities. The board's policies and procedures should support effective decision making and independent challenge" Decision making by each Group entity is subject to the duties and responsibilities imposed on directors (including pursuant to the Companies Act legislation) and the Mandate. The Mandate is reviewed and approved annually by the Audit and Risk Committee and details the authorities in respect of corporate transactions, appointment of staff and remuneration and limits for the approval of capital and operational expenditure. The Mandate is made available to all staff via the Group's intranet. The Audit and Risk and Remuneration committees have formal terms of reference which are periodically reviewed and approved. A summary of matters agreed and discussed at the committees is reported to the PLCL board after each meeting. In 2021 the Audit and Risk Committee met four times and the Remuneration Committee met three times. A comprehensive set of papers is issued to all board and committee members a week in advance of each board or committee meeting. Safety, financial and operational information is reported to each PLCL board meeting, where performance against the approved budget and strategic objectives is reviewed and challenged. Assurance in respect of the Group's processes and controls is provided by an in-house Internal Audit function who provide regular updates to the Audit and Risk Committee summarising the audit work completed and resulting findings. The Annual report and financial statements of the Group and all Group entities are also subject to external audit. Governance arrangements are monitored against any changes in legislation or good practice by the General Counsel and Head of Audit and Risk and considered formally by the Audit and Risk Committee annually. Opportunity and risk "A board should promote the long term sustainable success of the company by identifying opportunities to create and preserve value, establishing oversight for the identification and mitigation of risks" At the highest level, the Strategy identifies and drives the realisation of business opportunities and growth targets. Responsibility for the delivery of identified initiatives to deliver the Strategy is allocated to a member of the executive management team and progress in delivery is reported at each PLCL board meeting. Engineering innovation, including value adding enhancements to rolling stock assets, is identified by an established projects and innovation team. Investment opportunities are managed through a formal Request for Approval to Proceed (RFAP) process. Investments with a cost of less than £2.Sm are considered and approved by the senior executive team, based on a completed RFAP form, which documents the opportunity, the business case and a number of key financial hurdles, including an expected internal rate of return. Investment opportunities with a cost of more than £2.5m and proposals for the strategic re-lease of fleets are presented for consideration and approval by the PLCL board. Any new or emerging risks and risk trends for key risks are reported and reviewed at the Audit and Risk Committee; a review of the full Corporate Risk Register is completed by the Audit and Risk Committee once a year. Remuneration "A board should promote executive remuneration structures aligned to the long-term sustainable success of a company, taking into account pay and conditions elsewhere in the company" The Remuneration Committee is responsible for the review and approval of executive senior management pay. The Remuneration Committee is chaired by, and comprised of, non-executive directors. Any pay awards are proposed based on salary benchmarking with industry peer groups and guidance from professional advisors. All staff members are eligible to join one of the Group's retirement benefit schemes with employer contribution rates applied consistently for all employees. A discretionary annual bonus scheme is in place for all staff members including the executive management team. All employees have an individually agreed percentage of their salary allocated as a target bonus amount; the extent to which this target is achieved is based on the Group meeting set objectives as well as employees meeting individually tailored business objectives. The same Group objectives apply for all staff members with the resultant outcome also applied consistently for all staff. The award of any bonus payments, including the initial setting and subsequent achievement of objectives is reviewed and approved by the Remuneration Committee who retain the right to exercise discretion in deciding any bonus payments. A Long Term Incentive Plan (LTIP) is in place for the core executive management team which is structured to reward the sustainable long term financial development of the Group. The terms of the LTIP, the setting of performance conditions and the vesting of any awards are reviewed and approved by the Remuneration Committee.

Highlight [page 14]: Stakeholder relationships and engagement "Directors should foster effective stakeholder relationships aligned to the company's purpose. The board is responsible for overseeing meaningful engagement with stakeholders, including the workforce, and having regard to their views when taking decisions" Stakeholders external to the Group are managed via a formal Stakeholder Engagement Plan which covers relationships with customers, key suppliers and wider industry stakeholders including the Off, passenger focus groups, the Office of Rail and Road, industry peers and political parties at both national and local levels. Stakeholder and customer surveys are undertaken annually to obtain feedback on the Group's standing in the marketplace, the results of which are used to identify further initiatives to strengthen the Group's position as a leading provider of rail leasing and asset management support. Information provided to stakeholders is subject to appropriate management review and sign off. Regular financial and operational reporting processes are documented and internal controls to ensure accurate and complete reporting are subject to regular review and validation by Internal Audit. The financial position and outlook of the Group is set out in the Business review contained within the Strategic Report and the Going Concern section of the Directors' Report included in the Group's Annual report and financial statements. The impact of the activities of the Group on the environment are considered in the Group's Sustainability Report and measured as part of an annual assessment of compliance with good practice in respect of the Environment, Social and Governance through participation in the GRESB process. Engagement with staff is facilitated by the relatively small number of employees for a large private company. Staff are regularly given the opportunity to engage with senior management through staff forums and involvement in staff ·focus groups. Feedback from employees is also obtained through a variety of mechanisms, such as staff surveys, including those that support the Group's Investors in People accreditation and exit interviews when a member of staff leaves the Group. News articles and updates are regularly communicated to staff via the intranet as per the Group's Internal Communications Strategy and "You Said, We Did" feedback is also provided on actions taken to either implement staff initiatives or address concerns raised. Team meetings are regularly held, supported by a centrally prepared Company Agenda which highlights activity and achievements by department. Staff welfare continues to be a management focus during the Covid-19 pandemic, supported by regular communication, HR led focus groups, long service and high performance recognition rewards and a new Health and Wellbeing Policy issued in 2021.