
Highlight [page 8]: SECTION 172 COMPANIES ACT 2006 This report sets out how the Directors comply with the requirements of Section 172 Companies Act 2006 and how these requirements have impacted the Board's decision making throughout 2020. The Role of the Board The Board's primary responsibility is to promote the long-term success of the Group by creating and delivering sustainable shareholder value as well as contributing to wider society. The successful delivery of the long-term plans relies on key inputs and positive relationships with a wide range of stakeholders. The Board seeks to achieve this by setting out its strategy, monitoring performance against the Group's strategic objectives. A formal schedule of matters reserved for Board approval is maintained and reviewed regularly for operational relevance.· This includes the determination of the Group's strategy and long-term direction, reviewing health and safety performance, approval of budgets, capital expenditure, organisational changes (including new business ventures, the acquisition or disposal of assets) and changes in key policies. Board Governance The Board has chosen to apply the Corporate Governance Principles for Large Private Companies for the year ended 31 December 2021. These principles provide a code of corporate governance for large private companies to raise awareness of good practice and over time to help to improve standards of corporate governance. They also support directors to meet the requirements of Section 172 Companies Act 2006 by providing guidance on the following areas: • Purpose and leadership; • Board Composition; • Director responsibilities; • Opportunity and risk; • Remuneration; and • Stakeholders. Activities of the Board in 2021 The Board operates a forward agenda of standing items appropriate to the Group's operating and reporting cycles. Items requiring Board approval or endorsement are defined clearly. Other items are for monitoring or reviewing progress against strategic priorities, risk management or the adequacy of internal controls. Engaging with stakeholders to deliver long term success is a key area of focus for the Board and all decisions take in to account the impact on stakeholders. Views of stakeholders are gathered in Board papers and inform the decisions made in Board meetings. Obviously, stakeholders are impacted by, or benefit from, decisions made by the Board in different ways. However, it is the Board's priority to ensure that the Directors have acted both individually and collectively in the way that they consider, in good faith, would be most likely to promote the success of the Group for the benefit of its members regarding all its stakeholders and to the matters set out in paragraphs a-f of Section 172 of the Companies Act 2006. These details are set out on the following table: Section 172 a) The likely consequence of any decision in the long-term; and e) The desirability of the company maintaining a reputation for high standards of Decisions / interactions The Board annually approves the five-year plan (2022-2026) and monitors its implementation throughout the year using detailed reports on operating and financial performance. This includes monitoring progress against key strategic programmes (both short-term and long-term) as well as considering the allocation of capital to support the rolling five year-business plan. The Board has agreed a set of targets for the acceptable level of financial resilience and liquidity and reviews the Group's forecast funding requirements, debt capacity and financing options that are required to deliver the desired resilience targets. In approving the strategy, the Directors also consider external factors such as competitor behaviour, the performance of the IT and Engineering consultancy industry, as well as the evolving economic, political and market conditions.

Highlight [page 9]: business conduct. The Group is committed to creating and maintaining a positive and professional work environment. The Group has in place a policy to protect the principals of human rights. Any form of discrimination or harassment is not tolerated by the Group. This extends both to employees of the Group and those that the Group has contact with such as clients, suppliers, and other business partners. At 31 December 2021, the Group had in service the following employees: Male Female Total Directors Senior Managers Employees 8 4 1523 1 2 544 9 6 2067 Senior Managers include those employees who have responsibility for planning, directing, or controlling the activities of the Group or a strategically significant part of the Group. The imbalance between Male and Female is completely explained by the market ID in which the Group operates. b) The interest of the company's employees. The Directors understand the impo1tance of the Group's employees to the long-term success of the business. The Group aims to ensure that its workforce is safe, healthy, and fulfilled. The Group has consequently put in place several measures to ensure that these aims are met. Health and Safety - The Group has subcontracted these services to a specialized entity in each location where it operates. Training and Development - The Group runs an in-house training program that includes hard skills matters (such as different information technologies courses, foreign languages, project management, etc.) and soft skills subjects. Recognition and Reward - the Group provides a ve1y competitive range of employment benefits and incentives, which include rewards for internal contributions and recommendations, pension plan schemes, co-participation in children nursery and school expenses, and health insurance, among others. The Group regularly communicates to its employees through presentations, internal group-wide emails, and newsletters. The Group's annual kick-oft~ which is open to all employees, is the forum by which the Chief Executive informs and updates staff on the Group's performance, plans and outlook and provides employees with an opportunity to ask questions, or to seek clarification, on the Group's purpose, goals, and direction.

Highlight [page 10]: c) The need to foster the company's business relationships with suppliers, customers and others. The Board regularly reviews how the Group maintains positive relationships with all its stakeholders, including suppliers, customers, and others. Our shareholders and other Board members are key industry and business contributors. The Directors monitor how the Oroup engages with its customers by performing regular customer engagement surveys and meetings. The Group's principal risks and uncertainties set out risks that can impact the long- term success of the Group and how these risks interact with our stakeholders. The Directors actively seek information on the interaction with stakeholders to ensure that they have sufficient information to reach appropriate conclusions about the risks faced by the Group and how these are reflected within the long-term plans. d) The impact of the company's operations on the community and environment The Group recognises its environmental responsibilities and understands the importance of the contribution that the Group can make. The Group has implemented policies to reduce energy consumption and minimize waste of paper. The directors consider that the activity performed by Group's subsidiaries does not create major environmental threats or damages and, therefore, no special targets were established for business operations. The Group recognises its social responsibilities and understands the importance of the contribution that the Group can make. The Group has set and designed targets and focus areas regarding its social responsibility, and specifically its responsibility to the local community. The Group is currently working very close to universities to enhance employment opportunities and increase practical knowledge and experience for graduates. The Group is a large recruiter of university graduates. The Directors take very seriously their responsibility of ensuring the Group is a good corporate citizen. Business creates wealth that, through taxes, delivers the investment which, if properly managed by politicians, leads to a fairer and more prosperous society. In 2021, the Group contributed taxes, around Europe, and we are proud of the part we play in our industry's contribution through its economic activity. f) The need to act fairly as between members of the company. The Board understands the importance of engagement with all its stakeholders and gives appropriate weighting to the outcome of its decisions for the relevant stakeholder in weighing up how best to promote the success of the Company. The Board regularly discusses issues concerning employees, clients, suppliers, community and environment, regulators, and its shareholder, which it considers in its discussions and in its decision-making process. In addition to this, the Board seeks to understand the interests and views of the Company's stakeholders by engaging with them directly when required.

Highlight [page 11]: After weighing up all relevant factors, the Board consider which course of action best enables delivery of Group's strategy through the long-term, taking into consideration the impact on stakeholders. In doing so, Board act as between the Company's members.