
Highlight [page 6]: Corporate Governance Statement In accordance with the Large and Medium-sized Companies and Group (Accounts and Reports) Regulations 2008 (as amended by The Companies (Miscellaneous Reporting) Regulations 2018) (the 'Regulations'), for the year ended 31 December 2021, the Company has in its corporate governance arrangements applied the Wates Corporate Governance Principles for Large Private Companies (the 'Principles'), which are available at frc.org.uk. The following section explains the Company's approach to corporate governance, and its application of the principles. Further detail is given in the full report available on the Company website. Principle 1 - Purpose & Leadership The company's purpose and values inform expected behaviours and practices throughout the organisation and are integrated into the business functions and operations. A healthy culture is vital to the company's competitive advantage and long-term value. The Board, Shareholders and Management are committed to embedding the desired culture in the company. Principle 2 - Board Composition The Board provides practical leadership to the Company and has an appropriate balance of executive directors (with access to non-executive directors) and of skills, knowledge and experience appropriate to meet the strategic needs and challenges of the organisation and to enable effective decision making. There are a number of Shareholder Representatives that sit as board directors of the Parent Company, Princess Yachts (Holdings) Limited. The Executive Chairman & Cl::O and General Counsel both also sit on the Board of Princess Yachts (Holdings) Limited. The structure of the Parent Company's Board ensures that the Parent Company effectively acts as a supervisory board and ensures that the balance of responsibilities, accountabilities and decision making across Princess Yachts (Holdings) Limited are effectively maintained. The Shareholder Representatives play a pivotal role in creating the conditions for overall Board and individual Director effectiveness. They also bring experience in a variety of areas,

Highlight [page 7]: in addition to perspectives and challenges from outside the sectors in which Princess Yachts (Holdings)

Highlight [page 7]: Limited operates. The size and composition are appropriate to our moderately sized yet focused business. The Directors have equal voting rights when making decisions and all Directors have access to the advice and services of the Company Secretary and may, if they wish, take professional advice at PYL's expense. Principle 3 - Director Responsibilities There is a clear division of responsibility between the Executive Chairman, the Directors and the Non-Executive Directors of the Parent Company Board. Clear terms and obligations in the Shareholders Investment Agreements supports effective decision making. Principle 4 - Opportunity and Risk The Board seeks out opportunity whilst mitigating risk. The Board is at the forefront of the company's strategy to focus on renewal of its product range, innovation, customer care and operational improvements to drive the long-term sustainable growth of the company. The Company has continued its review of the risk management processes. The project has identified inherent and emerging risks as is now progressing to determine the appropriate methods of managing risk. Additionally, this will ensure that there is a coherent approach to risk identification, classification and mitigation. Principle 5 - Remuneration Remuneration is ultimately overseen by the Parent Company Board. The Board promotes executive remuneration structures aligned to the long-term sustainable success of the company, considering pay and conditions elsewhere in Princess Yachts (Holdings) Limited. The Parent Company Board plays an oversight role in respect of executive remuneration and is responsible for overseeing recommendations from the Board concerning the remuneration and recruitment strategy, long-term incentive plans. Advice is taken from independent external consultants who provide updates on legislative requirements, best market practice and remuneration benchmarking. Principle 6 - Stakeholder Relationships and Engagement The Company is committed to continuing to develop effective relationships with all of its key stakeholders such as the Workforce, Distributors, Customers, Suppliers and the Local Community and Region. All have bespoke mechanisms dedicated to enhancing those relationships, increasing engagement and having specific regard to their views when taking decisions. Furth.er detail is contained in the full governance statement available on the Company website. Future Developments Other than the Covid-19 epidemic risks described above, during the year, the Company continued to evaluate the risks and opportunities of the exit from the European Union ("Brexit"). Likely scenarios have been assessed in conjunction with the government timeframes, with actions centred around the impact to the supply chain and despatch arrangements of our completed boats. Supplier lead times, the impact of tariffs and currency fluctuations are examples of areas under continual review. Looking forward with the appointment of the Board of Directors complete, the focus continues on production improvements, implementation of quality systems and successfully launching an array of innovative new yachts that increases product renewal intensity and broadens the product range.