
Highlight [page 11]: Corporate governance During 2021, the Company's corporate governance structure and system of governance has continued to evolve reflecting the Board's ongoing commitment to ensuring that it remains efficient, relevant and supportive of the strategic aims of the Company. The structure continues to comply with all relevant regulatory and legal requirements. The Company applies the Wates Corporate Governance Principles for Large Private Companies ('Principles') and set out below is an explanation of how the Company has applied each of the Principles. Principle 1 - Purpose and leadership QBE European operations (QBE EO) is part of QBE Insurance Group Limited (QBE Group). As part of the wider QBE Group, our purpose is to give people the confidence to achieve their ambitions. Our priorities are detailed on page 5. Further details on engagement with our stakeholders are provided within the Section 172 statement on pages 14 to 16 and under Principle 6 on page 14. The Board Charter of the Company states that the role of the Board is to provide leadership, to oversee the design and implementation of QBE EO's strategy and to set a framework of prudent and effective controls which enable risk to be assessed and managed within it. The Board Charter includes an agreed set of matters reserved for the Board's consideration. The Board ensures that the necessary financial and human resources are in place for the Company to meet its objectives and reviews the performance of management in delivering on QBE EO's strategic aims. The Board sets and instils QBE EO's values and culture in the light of those set by QBE Group and ensures that its obligations to its shareholder and other stakeholders of QBE EO are understood and met. During the year the Board Charter was reviewed with enhancements made to reflect ongoing assessment of key responsibilities and the requirements of the GGF. A Board away day was held in May, providing the opportunity for the Boards to focus on strategy (with presentations from senior management, external insights from third parties and a number of interactive sessions focussing on various areas of strategy and key focus areas for 2021 and beyond. Engagement with the EO non-executive Directors was further supported through informal meetings with business leaders and management, global conference calls with the Chairs' of each of the QBE Group Board Committees, as well as virtual meetings between the Chairs of the respective Boards. Given the travel restrictions as a result ofCOVID-19, the QBE Group wide non-executive Directors' conference was not held in 2021. The QBE Group's culture is underpinned by the QBE DNA, which comprises seven behavioural elements and are outlined on page 15.

Highlight [page 12]: Principle 2 - Board Composition The Board is chaired by Mr Timothy Ingram, who is an independent Non-Executive Director ('NED'). The role of the Chair of the Board is distinct from that of the Chief Executive Officer ('CEO'), and each role is clearly established. This separation of roles ensures that the balance of responsibilities, accountabilities and decision making are effectively maintained. Directors have equal voting rights when making decisions and the Chair has a casting vote when required. All Directors have access to the advice and services of the Company Secretary and are able to seek professional advice at the Company's expense. A Statement of Responsibility for each Director's role is maintained in accordance with the Senior Managers & Certification Regime ('SMCR'). There are also prescribed responsibilities allocated to certain senior managers. The Board currently comprises four NEDs, one of which has been appointed as the Senior Independent Director ('SID'), and five executive Directors, including the EO CEO, Chief Financial Officer ('CFO'), Chief Risk Officer ('CRO'), Managing Director - Global Reinsurance and Managing Director - Insurance Division. During the year there were a number of changes to the Board which are detailed below: • Mr David Winkett resigned as CFO to move to a QBE Group role and Mr Christopher Killourhy was appointed to this role with effect from 4 February 2021; • Mr Samuel Harrison resigned as a director of the Company with effect from 1 April 2021 • Mr Martin Gilbert resigned as a NED and Chair of the EO Investment Committee ('EOIC') on 30 June 2021 and Ms Cecile Coune took over as Chair of the EOIC on 1 July 2021 • Ms Cecile Fresneau was appointed as a director of the Company with effect from 7 November 2021 • Mr Steve Maddock was appointed as a director of the Company with effect from 11 February 2022. The Board met 9 times during the year and there was strong attendance from all Directors. In conjunction with QBE Group and led by the Nomination Committee, succession planning is undertaken in accordance with the talent and culture objectives within the strategic priorities of both QBE EO and QBE Group whilst ensuring the Board has the right balance of skills, knowledge, experience and diversity to be effective. The Board considers that the experience and areas of focus which each Board member brings to the Company results in a strong and balanced leadership team. The Independent NEDs have no material business or relationships with the Company that might influence their independence or judgement and bring a range of financial services and wider industry experience to the Board. As such, the size and composition of the Board is considered to be appropriate. QBE Group have introduced a continuing professional development programme which requires each NED to undertake ten hours of continuous professional development each year covering areas such as regulation, insurance and customer. A NED skills matrix is maintained by Company Secretarial, together with NED training records and these are considered annually by the People & Remuneration Committee ('PARC'). Each year there is a formal Board Effectiveness Review ('BER'), which is facilitated by an independent external advisor. In June 2021 the QBE Group undertook a BER encompassing the Divisional Boards, including the Board of the Company. Comments supporting continuous improvement of effectiveness of the Board arising from the review were discussed by the Boards and a number of minor actions were agreed at their meeting in July. Principle 3 - Director Responsibilities Accountability - the Company supports good governance to ensure the right safeguards are in place and that key and important decisions taken are underpinned by appropriate, clear and accurate information and data. Whilst Board oversight is always maintained, key decisions are made by the Executive Management Board ('EMB'), Board committees and, where appropriate, management groups as well as by senior management under delegated authorities (which are Board approved). Each Board member has a clear understanding of their accountability and responsibilities as set out in the Board Charter, Committee Terms of Reference and their Statement of Responsibilities as a senior manager (where appropriate), and the Management Responsibility Maps which are required to be maintained under the SMCR.

Highlight [page 13]: Principle 3 - Director Responsibilities (continued) Updates on Directors' related parties (as part of the year-end financial reporting process) are sought annually and Directors' conflicts of interest are declared at Board meetings. A Directors' conflicts of interest register is maintained. Appropriate safeguards have been implemented where a potential or actual conflict exits. Committees - the duties of the Board are executed to some degree through Board Committees that are each chaired by a NED. The Board and other regulated companies in QBE EO have jointly constituted these Board Committees which comprise appropriately skilled members and are supported by attendees as necessary. QBE EO's key Committees comprise: Audit Committee; European Operations Investment Committee ('EOIC'); PARC; Nomination Committee and the Risk and Capital Committee ('RCC'). In addition, the EMB has also been constituted to act as a Management Committee of the Company and other UK regulated companies in QBE EO. The EMB is Chaired by the CEO (and its management groups are each chaired by an EMB member). The Board delegates authority for day-to-day management of the Company to the CEO who is supported by the EMB. Membership of the EMB includes the CFO, CRO, leaders of the Insurance and Reinsurance business areas, Human Resources, Operations, and Claims functions. The EMB's responsibilities include formulating and implementing approved strategies and plans, and management of the day-to-day effective running of the Company. During the year the EMB met formally ten times and several informal discussion forums took place during the year. Committee Terms of Reference were reviewed by the relevant Committees and Boards, with minor enhancements being made to reflect ongoing assessment of key responsibilities of the Committees and the requirements of the GGF. Integrity of information - The Board receives regular and timely information on all key aspects of the business including financial performance, reserving, risks, operational matters, market conditions and sustainability, supported by Key Performance Indicators (KPis) and other metrics. KPis are detailed on page 4 of the Strategic Report. Principle 4 - Opportunity and Risk A Board should promote the long-tenn sustainable success of the company by identifying opportunities to create and preserve value and establishing oversight for the identification and mitigation of risks. The Board seeks out opportunity whilst mitigating risk. Opportunity - Long term strategic opportunities are highlighted in the annual strategy process which is discussed with the Board through the year. The Board seeks out opportunities as part of the strategic initiatives agreed. Short term opportunities to improve performance, resilience and liquidity are collated through the business unit review process, which is attended by members of the EMB. Risk - The EO Enterprise Risk Management ('ERM') function assists the Board and its management team in achieving QBE Group's vision and values by pursuing opportunities and managing risk effectively. The vision for ERM is to achieve an optimum return on risk-based capital within the QBE Group appetite for risk. The ERM function aims to enrich decision-making to optimise return on capital by delivering an ERM framework, reviewing and supporting its application and providing independent insight and challenge to risk assessment and risk management processes across QBE EO. The ERM function reports into the CRO as the Solvency II Risk Function holder. A three lines model to managing risk operates across QBE EO business functions. Each line is allocated responsibility under this approach as follows: • Line 1: generates risk exposure and is accountable for identifying, owning and controlling risks. Line la activity is performed by those who own risks and are directly responsible for identifying, measuring, mitigating and reporting of risks. Line lb activity is performed by those who either i) review, challenge or provide oversight of la activity; ii) provide specialist business advice of services; or iii) monitor la's compliance with procedures, policies or frameworks. .:, • Line 2: oversight and challenge function accountable for i) providing oversight, challenge and reporting on the adequacy and effectiveness of the way we manage risk; and ii) establishing and maintaining the ERM and Compliance Frameworks, including relevant policies and standards. • Line 3: independent assurance function accountable for i) assisting the Board to discharge their responsibility for sound and prudent management of QBE; and ii) providing an objective review of the effectiveness and integrity of the way we manage risk to the Board and Senior Executives.

Highlight [page 14]: Principle 4 - Opportunity and Risk (continued) The oversight and management of risk by the CRO, the RCC and the Board is supported by ERM governance, challenge, assurance and reporting processes. These include but are not limited to the following: Governance and culture: The Risk Management Strategy ('RMS') describes the approach taken for managing risk and the key elements of the ERM framework. The RMS defines our risk preferences and material risk classes, which are strategic risk (including environmental, social and governance risks); insurance risk; credit risk; market risk; liquidity risk; operational risk; compliance risk and group risk. The QBE Risk Culture Standard has been developed to complement and support QBE's overall organisational culture, underpinned by the QBE DNA, and describes QBE's principles and approach to the management and evaluation of risk culture. Risk identification: QBE adopts a robust risk identification, measurement and mitigation process to support the ERM Framework. These processes are outlined within each material risk policy and include key activities to manage risk such as the Risk and Control Self-Assessment (RCSA) process, incident and issue management process, obligations management process, Emerging Risk forums, stress testing and scenario analysis, cell reviews, perfonnance monitoring and targeted risk reviews. ERM coordinate future risk identification as part of the emerging risks process. This includes the assessment, monitoring and reporting of emerging risks and the agreement and challenge of Line I risk mitigation plans. The emerging risks process ensures that external expertise and information are sought and considered when risks are being identified and monitored. Risk Appetite: These are Board-owned statements that articulate the level of risk QBE EO is prepared to take in pursuit of its objectives. Risk Appetite Statements are established for material risk classes, which are monitored and reported against to the RCC by the ERM Function quarterly. Key Risk Indicators ('KRls') are monitored to identify and manage areas of increasing risk by escalation and defining actions plans to mitigate the risk. Risk Assessment and Issues & Incidents management: Risk and Control Self-Assessments ('RCSAs') are in place and owned across EO's Line l business functions to identify, document and assess risks that QBE faces in delivering its strategic and business objectives, and assess the effectiveness of the controls that are in place to manage those risks. The Issue & Incident Standard allows QBE to better manage risk and drive continuous improvement by understanding our risk exposure, identifying the root causes and proactively improving the overall control environment. Risk Challenge: The capabilities of the ERM Function include undertaking risk and business focussed deep dives, where specific topics are investigated in depth with lessons learned and improvement actions identified and reported on to the RCC. Risk reporting: The ORSA process, report and risk dashboards, ensuring they reflect the requirements of the RCC, Boards and regulators. Principle 5 - Remuneration The PARC has clearly defined Terms of Reference and is responsible for providing input and recommendations to the Board and QBE Group PARC on the design and operation of any QBE Group global remuneration framework ('Framework'). In addition; the PARC assists the Boards of QBE EO in: • Oversight of the effectiveness of the Framework; • Remuneration of and incentive arrangements relating to Directors and other senior managers; and • People programmes and projects including culture, employee engagement, diversity and inclusion and non-Board succession planning, in the context of the broader strategy and frameworks set by QBE Group. PARC's role is to ensure that the Company may appropriately attract, retain, reward and motivate talented employees and Directors while ensuring that the incentives contained in the remuneration policies do not lead to excessive risk-taking and the pursuit of interests other than those of the Companies and their stakeholders.

Highlight [page 15]: Principle 5 - Remuneration (continued) In early 2021, the Company published its UK Gender Pay Gap Report which showed an improvement across all gender pay metrics, actions taken to achieve this and areas for further focus going forward. The Company also voluntarily published its first combined UK Gender and Ethnicity Pay Gap Report for 2021 in QI 2022 with a commitment to publish a report every year to track progress. QBE EO, and as part of the wider QBE Group, is an active equal opportunities employer and promotes an environment free from discrimination, harassment and victimisation, where everyone receives equal treatment and career development regardless of age, gender, nationality, ethnic origin, religion, marital status, sexual orientation or disability. All decisions relating to employment practices (including remuneration) are objective, free from bias and based solely upon work criteria and individual merit. In 2021, QBE EO launched a new Inclusion of Diversity strategy and three-year plan which outlines a range of initiatives across our key pillars of diverse workforce, inclusive workplace and connected marketplace. These will be led by the EMB and a dedicated Inclusion & Wellbeing team with support from the Inclusion Forum and employees' networks (mix, open mind, circle, workability and pride). Principle 6 - Stakeholders The Board is clear that good governance and effective communication are essential on a day-to-day basis to deliver our putpose and to protect the Company's interest as well as its brand, reputation and relationships with all our stakeholder community including our employees, shareholder, customers, brokers and other intermediaries, regulators, communities and the environment in which we work. QBE Group focusses on sustainability and making positive contributions where we operate by working with our customers, partners and communities to address key economic, social and environmental issues. The Board continues to seek to align the Company's strategic direction with its putpose and to the shareholder's long-term aspirations for sustainability, growth, diversification and investment. The Chair of the Board is a key communication route between the Board and the shareholder, as is the CEO.