
Highlight [page 11]: Corporate governance Given the principal activity of the Company is that of a holding and investment company, the role of the Board is to provide strategic guidance and oversight of the Company, in line with the overall QBE EO strategy and QBE EO's values. The corporate governance framework for the Division is managed at the QBE EO level. During 2021, the Company's corporate governance structure and system of governance continued to evolve, reflecting the Board's ongoing commitment to ensuring that it remains efficient, relevant and supportive of the strategic aims of the Company. The structure continues to comply with all relevant regulatory and legal requirements. The Company applies the Wates Corporate Governance Principles for Large Private Companies ('Principles') and set out below is an explanation of how the Company has applied each of the Principles. Principle 1 - Purpose and leadership QBE European operations (QBE EO) is part of QBE Insurance Group Limited (QBE Group). As part of the wider QBE Group, our purpose is to give people the confidence to achieve their ambitions. Our priorities are detailed on page 5. Further details on engagement with our stakeholders are provided within the Section 172 statement on pages 14 to 16 and under Principle 6 on page 12. The Board sets and instils QBE EO's values and culture in the light of those set by QBE Group and ensures that its obligations to its shareholder and other stakeholders of QBE EO are understood and met. The QBE Group's culture is underpinned by the QBE DNA, which comprises seven behavioural elements and are outlined on page 13. Principle 2 - Board Composition As a subsidiary of QBE EO and an unregulated entity, the Company's Board comprises four Executive Directors and the Chair of the meeting is determined at each Board meeting, and is generally the most senior Executive Director present. Directors have equal voting rights when making decisions and the Chair has a casting vote when required. All Directors have access to the advice and services of the Company Secretary and are able to seek professional advice at the Company's expense. The Board currently comprises QBE EO's Chief Executive Officer ('CEO'), Chief Financial Officer, Chief Risk Officer ('CRO'), and the Director of Compliance. Given the nature of the activity of the Company there are no Non-Executive Directors ('NED') appointed to the Board. Mr David Winkett stepped down as Director of the Board, and the Board appointed Mr Jason Harris and Mr Christopher Killourhy in March 2021. The Board met once during the year. The Board considers that the experience and areas of focus which each Board member brings to the Company results in a balanced team. Taking account of the Company's principal activities as a corporate member of Lloyd's, the size and composition of the Board is considered to be appropriate. Principle 3 - Director Responsibilities Accountability - the Company supports good governance to ensure the right safeguards are in place and that key and important decisions taken are underpinned by appropriate, clear and accurate information and data. Whilst Board oversight is always maintained, key decisions are made by the Executive Management Board(' EMB '), Board committees and, where appropriate, management groups as well as by senior management under delegated authorities (which are Board approved). Each Board member has a clear understanding of their accountability and responsibilities as set out in the Board Charter, Committee Terms of Reference and their Statement of Responsibilities as a senior manager (where appropriate). Updates on Directors' related parties (as part of the year-end financial reporting process) are sought annually and Directors' conflicts of interest are declared at Board meetings. A Directors' conflicts of interest register is maintained. Appropriate safeguards have been implemented where a potential or actual conflict exits. Integrity of information -The Board receives regular and timely information on all key aspects of the business including financial performance, reserving, risks, operational matters, market conditions and sustainability, supported by Key Performance Indicators (KPls) and other metrics. KPis are detailed on page 4 of the Strategic Report.

Highlight [page 12]: Principle 4 - Opportunity and Risk A Board should promote the long-term sustainable success of the company by identifying opportunities to create and preserve value and establishing oversight for the identification and mitigation of risks. The Board seeks out opportunity whilst mitigating risk. Opportunity - Long term strategic opportunities are highlighted in the annual strategy process which is discussed with the Board through the year. The EO Board seeks out opportunities as part of the strategic initiatives agreed. Short term opportunities to improve performance, resilience and liquidity are collated through the business unit review process, which is attended by members of the EMB. Risk - The EO Enterprise Risk Management ('ERM') function ('ERM Function') assists the Board and its management team in achieving QBE Group's vision and values by pursuing opportunities and managing risk effectively. The vision for ERM is to achieve an optimum return on risk-based capital within the QBE Group appetite for risk. The ERM Function aims to enrich decision-making to optimise return on capital by delivering an ERM framework, reviewing and supporting its application and providing independent insight and challenge to risk assessment and risk management processes across QBE EO. The ERM Function reports into the CRO as the Solvency II Risk Function holder. A three lines of defence approach to managing risk is defined and applied across QBE EO business functions. Each line is allocated responsibility under this approach as follows: • Line 1: generates risk exposure and is accountable for identifying, owning and controlling risks. Line la activity is performed by those who own risks and are directly responsible for identifying, measuring, mitigating and reporting of risks. Line lb activity is performed by those who either i) review, challenge or provide oversight of la activity; ii) provide specialist business advice of services; or iii) monitor la's compliance with procedures, policies or frameworks. • Line 2: oversight and challenge function accountable for i) providing oversight, challenge and reporting on the adequacy and effectiveness of the way we manage risk; and ii) establishing and maintaining the ERM and Compliance Frameworks, including relevant policies and standards. • Line 3: independent assurance function accountable for i) assisting the EO Board to discharge their responsibility for sound and prudent management of QBE; and ii) providing an objective review of the effectiveness and integrity of the way we manage risk to the EO Board and Senior Executives. The oversight and management of risk by the CRO, the RCC and the Board is supported by ERM governance, challenge, assurance and reporting processes. These include but are not limited to the following: Governance and culture: The Risk Management Strategy ('RMS') describes the approach taken for managing risk and the key elements of the ERM framework. The RMS defines our risk preferences and material risk classes, which are strategic risk (including environmental, social and governance risks); insurance risk; credit risk; market risk; liquidity risk; operational risk; compliance risk and group risk. The QBE Risk Culture Standard has been developed to complement and support QBE's overall organisational culture, underpinned by the QBE DNA, and describes QBE's principles and approach to the management and evaluation of risk culture. Risk identification: QBE adopts a robust risk identification, measurement and mitigation process to support the ERM Framework. These processes are outlined within each material risk policy and include key activities to manage risk such as the Risk and Control Self-Assessment (RCSA) process, incident and issue management process, obligations management process, Emerging Risk forums, stress testing and scenario analysis, cell reviews, performance monitoring and targeted risk reviews. ERM coordinate future risk identification as part of the emerging risks process. This includes the assessment, monitoring and reporting of emerging risks and the agreement and challenge of Line 1 risk mitigation . plans. The emerging risks process ensures that external expertise and information are sought and considered when risks are being identified and monitored. Risk Appetite: These are Board-owned statements that articulate the level of risk QBE EO is prepared to take in pursuit of its objectives. Risk Appetite Statements are established for material risk classes, which are monitored and reported against to the RCC by the ERM Function quarterly. Key Risk Indicators ('K.Rls') are monitored to identify and manage areas of increasing risk by escalation and defining actions plans to mitigate the risk.

Highlight [page 13]: Principle 4 - Opportunity and Risk (continued} Risk Assessment and Issues & Incidents management: Risk and Control Self-Assessments ('RCSAs') are in place and owned across EO's Line I business functions to identify, document and assess risks that QBE faces in delivering its strategic and business objectives, and assess the effectiveness of the controls that are in place to manage those risks. The Issue & Incident Standard allows QBE to better manage risk and drive continuous improvement by understanding our risk exposure, identifying the root causes and proactively improving the overall control environment. Risk Challenge: The capabilities of the ERM Function include undertaking risk and business focussed deep dives, where specific topics are investigated in depth with lessons learned and improvement actions identified and reported on to the RCC. Principle 5 - Remuneration The QBE EO People & Remuneration Committee ('PARC') has clearly defined terms ofreference and is responsible for providing input and recommendations to QBE EO and QBE Group PARC on the design and operation of any QBE Group global remuneration framework ('Framework'). In addition, the PARC assists the main Board of QBE EO in: • Oversight of the effectiveness of the Framework; • Remuneration of and incentive arrangements relating to Directors and other senior managers; and • People programmes and projects including culture, employee engagement, diversity and inclusion and non-Board succession planning, in the context of the broader strategy and frameworks set by QBE Group. PARC's role is to ensure that QBE EO may appropriately attract, retain, reward and motivate talented employees and Directors while ensuring that the incentives contained in the remuneration policies do not lead to excessive risk-taking and the pursuit of interests other than those of QBE EO and its stakeholders. In early 2021, the Company published its UK Gender Pay Gap Report which showed an improvement across all gender pay metrics, actions taken to achieve this and areas for further focus going forward. The Company also voluntarily published its first combined UK Gender and Ethnicity Pay Gap Report for 2021 in QI 2022 with a commitment to publish a report every year to track progress. QBE EO, and as part of the wider QBE Group, is an active equal opportunities employer and promotes an environment free from discrimination, harassment and victimisation, where everyone receives equal treatment and career development regardless ofage, gender, nationality, ethnic origin, religion, marital status, sexual orientation or disability. All decisions relating to employment practices (including remuneration) are objective, free from bias and based solely upon work criteria and individual merit. In 2021, QBE EO launched a new Inclusion of Diversity strategy and three-year plan which outlines a range of initiatives across our key pillars of diverse workforce, inclusive workplace and connected marketplace. These will be led by the EMB and a dedicated Inclusion & Wellbeing team with support from the Inclusion Forum and employees' networks (mix, ope? mind, circle, workability and pride). Principle 6 - Stakeholders The Board is clear that good governance and effective communication are essential on a day-to-day basis to deliver our purpose and to protect the Company's interest as well as its brand, reputation and relationships with all our stakeholder community including our employees, shareholder, customers, brokers and other intermediaries, regulators, communities and the environment in which we work. QBE Group focusses on sustainability and making positive contributions where we operate by working with our customers, partners and communities to address key economic, social and environmental issues. The Board continues to seek to align the Company's strategic direction with its purpose and to the shareholder's long-term aspirations for sustainability, growth, diversification and investment. The Chair of the Board is a key communication route between the Board and the shareholder, as is the CEO.