
Highlight [page 55]: Corporate Governance Arrangements In accordance with the provisions of The Companies [Miscellaneous Reporting) Regulations 2018, the Company has chosen to apply the Wates Corporate Governance Principles [the "Principles") for Large Private Companies for reporting in relation to the 2021 financial year. The Principles, and an explanation of how each Principle has been addressed by the Company, are set out below.

Highlight [page 56]: inciple 1. Purpose and Leadership 31 December Explanation 2021 The Company has a clear purpose, to provide Complete Peace of Mind to our members for their driving needs, with a focus on differentiation and innovation to set it apart from the competition. This is aligned to the strategy to deliver long term sustainable growth, which is at the forefront of decision making, underpinned by a quality customer experience enabled by people, digital platforms, and data. The Company understands that the delivery of the strategy is only possible through its people and their success individually and collectively, was reflected in continued strong engagement scores in 2021, broadly in line with the 2020 engagement scores. The company values have now been in place for over three years and together with the passion, commitment and integrity of colleagues, the values are well embedded in the RAC culture. CEO Review: pages 10 - 13 Corporate Social Responsibility Report: pages 60 - 71 2. Board Composition 3. Director Responsibilities RAC Group (Holdings) Limited The Board provides practical leadership to the Company and has an appropriate balance of executive and non-executive directors and of skills, knowledge, and experience appropriate to meet the strategic needs and challenges of the organisation and to enable effective decision making. Evaluation of the effectiveness of the Board and other committees takes place on a regular basis and in 2020 a Board Composition Review was undertaken resulting in some changes to the membership of the Board and its Committees, including the appointment of Patrick Gale [independent non-executive director) as Chair of the Regulated Entities Board, replacing Mark Wood (independent non-executive director) who continues as a member of the Regulated Entities Board and chair of the Board Risk, Audit and Compliance Committee. A further evaluation of the effectiveness of the Board and other committees is planned for 2022 to identify any areas for continued improvement in the overall governance of the Group. Corporate Governance Report: pages 50 - 59 Directors Report: pages 72 - 79 There is a clear division of responsibility between the Chairman, the Executive Directors, and the Non-Executive Directors. Clear Terms of Reference for the membership and responsibilities of the various Board Committees supports effective decision making and ensures that the Board receives regular and timely information on all key aspects of the business including, the financial performance of the business, operational matters, colleague engagement, health and safety, data protection, strategy and ESG matters, all supported by key performance indicators [KPlsl. Corporate Governance Report: pages 50 - 59

Highlight [page 57]: The Board is fully engaged in the Company's efforts to enhance its existing products, as well as its expansion into new areas as it seeks to offer what customers want and to drive the long-term sustainable growth of the Company. All material business development opportunities are subject to a detailed and rigorous board review and approval process. (A, ~ l!lmJ~ A formal risk management framework is in place for the identification, monitoring and management of risks, which is overseen by the Board Audit, Risk and Compliance Committee. During the course of 2021 the Board has overseen the Company's response to Covid-19, ensuring that appropriate action has been taken to ensure the continuity of services to customers and the health and safety of both customers and colleagues. In addition, the Board continues to oversee and monitor the impact of Brexit, engaging with key suppliers in order to ensure continuity of supplies now that the Brexit transition period had ended. CEO review: pages 10 - 13 Strategic Management Report: pages 28 - 33 Risk Management Report: pages 34 - 47 ~~ Remuneration is ultimately overseen by the Board Remuneration Committee, which is responsible for agreeing the individual remuneration packages [including pension rights, compensation payments and other benefits) for each of the CEO,the Chairman, each executive director, and other senior executives of the Group. The Remuneration Committee is also responsible for incentive and bonus arrangements and awards, including setting the relevant targets for performance related schemes. The Committee ensures that the remuneration policy is aligned with the Company's sustainable long-term growth by ensuring that the remuneration practices across the Group operate in line with PRA and FCA requirements and, specifically that they do not drive inappropriate behaviours, ensuring a focus on regulatory adherence supporting the delivery of positive customer outcomes. The Group continues to publish its gender and pay reporting externally. Remuneration Committee: page 54

Highlight [page 58]: he Company is clear that good governance and effective communication with its stakeholders is critically important to ensure the long-term sustainability of the business and ensures effective engagement and due regard to their views when taking decisions. Colleagues The Company has several initiatives to encourage feedback and communication between colleagues and the Executive team, including quarterly business briefings; colleague engagement forums and surveys, with the launch of 'MySurvey 2021' in 2021, a change to our existing survey framework, aimed at simplification for colleagues to enable focus on the key issues for colleagues; CEO 'round table' discussions, and; strategy briefing sessions. Our intranet also continued to be important method of communication and feedback between colleagues and the executive team. Also, in 2021 the Group continued its colleague wellbeing initiatives and focus on mental health awareness with the introduction of mental health first aiders across the business alongside a range of virtual social engagement activities to continue to support colleagues through the Covid-19 pandemic. Customers 6. Stakeholder Relationships and Engagement In terms of customer engagement, surveys are conducted to determine the Net Promoter Score INPS] which is used as a tool to pinpoint areas for improvement and to continually enhance the customer journey. The NPS scores are regularly discussed and considered at Board meetings. The Company's social media channels provide a useful medium in which to allow customers to interact directly with the Company 24 hours a day, seven days a week. In 2021 the business set up the Data Ethics Committee and framework to ensure that, over and above our legal and regulatory requirements, we have active consideration and a common view on what is right and fair when processing data [including customer data]. Community The Company strives to create long-term benefits for the community by creating employment, providing support to drivers through its products and services, forging links with charitable associations and continuing to support its chosen charities in 2021 as well as setting up an RAC Patrol Apprenticeship scheme in London. Suppliers Positive supplier engagement is imperative in ensuring the effective procurement and supply of goods and services which is critical to the smooth running of the business. The RAC Group continues to publish data evidencing its payment performance as part of the duty to report on payment practices and performance. In 2021 the Group published its Sustainability Policy and Supplier Code of Conduct setting out its expectations of its suppliers and the requirement for their commitment to reduce their environmental impact. Regulators When engaging with its regulators the Company is open and transparent and any such engagement is considered and discussed at Board meetings, where directors can provide appropriate guidance and support. The Company also ensures that it is proactive in ensuring it is compliant and up to date on all legislative and regulatory requirements.

Highlight [page 59]: ~~ ~ 00~ J,:r;;.1•;•1·,'L•-·,I;{®] The Company engages positively and proactively with its shareholders and enjoys effective and regular engagement with its principal shareholders, representatives of whom are appointed to the Board as non-executive directors. Corporate Governance Report: pages 50 - 59 Corporate Social Responsibility Report: pages 60 - 71 Directors Report: pages 72 - 79