
Highlight [page 14]: Statement of Corporate Governance Arrangements The Company has applied the Wates Corporate Governance Principles for Large Private Companies for the financial year ended 31 October 2021. In doing so, the Company has applied each of the six principles (Purpose and Leadership, Boatd Composition, Director Responsibilities, Opportunity and Risk, Remuneration and Stakeholder Relationships and Engagement) againstthe corporate governance arrangements of the Company in reflecting adherence to each principle. 1. Purpose and Leadership The Board has an integral role in the oversight of the implementation of the strategy of the Company. This is achieved through leveraging the strategy rolled out at the parent level(RBC Europe Limited is a direct subsidiary ofRoya!Bankof Canada). RBC Europe Limited is classified as a key strategic subsidiary under RBC's Policy on the Legal Governance of Subsidiaries and adopts and carries on its business with RBC's values and purpose. The Board ofRBC Europe Limited oversees theimplementationin the Company oftheGroup's strategy to ensure it aligns with local requirements and benefits its shareholders and stakeholders. In order to achieve this, the Board holds an Annual Strategy Meeting at which it is able to review and challenge the local business lines strategic plans and to challengeandapprovethe five-year strategic planforthe business. In addition to this, the Board receives regularreporting fromthe CEO and the businesses on the implementation of its defined strategy and selected businesses present to the Board on a quarterly basis to provide an in-depth analysis of their goals, performance and challenges.

Highlight [page 15]: The Board ofRBC Europe Limited has oversight and monitors metrics with regards to the culture within the Company to ensure that it aligns with the overall strategy and purpose of the organisation. It ensures effective oversight ofculture through the receipt ofrelevantquarterly reporting to the Board and its committees, in addition to specific Board education sessions The Directors present their annual report and the audited financial statements for the year ended 31 October 2021. The Board is committed to developing and cascading the culture throughout the organisation and this is evidenced through the strength ofboard and committee reporting in respectofconduct and culture and subsequent messaging to employees. The Board of the Company comprises ofoneGroup Executive ('GE') director(Graeme Hepworth)and the Chief Operating Officer of Capital Markets and Chieffinancial Officer ofRBC (Troy Maxwell and Nadine Ahn respectively). Each of these individuals hold senior executive level roles at Royal BankofCanada, based in Toronto and are responsible for ensuring the connectivity and flow of information between the strategy setting conducted at the parent level and the wider group. 2. Board Composition The UK Human Resources Committee and UK Nomination Committee have assumed the responsibility for ensuring an effective board composition comprising the desired mix of skills, backgrounds, knowledge and diversity. The Corrpany comprises ofnine directors including an independent non-executive chair who ensures outside perspective and constructive challenge and debate. The board consists of four independent non-executive directors ("lNED"), three sharehokler representative directors and two local managementdirectors (the ChiefExecutive Officer and Chieffinancial Officerofthe Company), ensuring a good balance of management and non-management representation. The UK Human Resources Committee is tasked with the responsibility of the Board's succession-planning and talent management with regards to key executive positions. The UK Nomination Committee is responsible for !NED succession-planning and appointments to the Board and its committees and continually assesses the composition of the Board from a diversity perspective. A bi-annual board self-assessment is conducted to enable a board evaluation and provides for the identification of potential weaknesses and opportunities for improvement. A board self-assessment was conducted during December 2020 - March 2021 and identified items of enhancement within the Board's operation. A further board effectiveness review is planned to be conducted from December 2021 to build on the work conducted by the previous review. 3. Director Responsibilities The Board has established clear delegations ofauthority to its respective board committees (Risk, Audit, Nominafon and Human Resources Committees) and the respective delegations of each committee are clearly defined in the Terms of Reference of each. In addition, in September 2021, a formal Executive Committee was established chaired by the Company's CEO in order to enable the executive team to implement the strategic directionoftheCompany as directed by the Board and the Shareholder. The Company is subject to the provisions of the RBCPolicy on the Legal Governance ofSubsidiaries. The Policy sets out the internal governance requirements for all RBC subsidiaries globally and ensures alignment across all subsidiaries with regards matters including subsidiary transactions, corporate restructurings and board appointments. The Board has delegated key responsibilities to the committees and has appointed an independent chair to each Board Committee. Each director is prescnbed a mandate upon appointment to the Board in setting out the scope of the role, relevant skills and attributes as required in addition to the overarching Directors' duties responsibilities. In addition, the Directois operate in accordance with the Senior Management Functions ('SMF') responsibility maps implemented in conjunction with the Senior Managers Regime ('SMR') detailing prescribed responsibilities relative to each SMF function as appropriate. The Board and committee governance arrangements requires quarterly board reporting from each of the committees with ad-hoc Board and committee meetings convened from time to time to report on priority items. There is also regular liaison b~ the independent non-executive directors and executive management outside of the board cycle to ensure consi;;tent connectivity. 4. Opportunity and Risk The Company maintains ariskappetite statement which details the types and amountofriskthat the business accepts in the pursuit of its business objectives. The risk appetite statement is reviewed by the UK Risk Committee and subsequently approved annually by the Board. When providing its review and approval, the Board considers the business strategy in order to enable the Directors tochallengetheriskappetitestatementandensure it has fully incorporated (i) the salientrisks facing the business and organisation and (ii) opportunities for the business to pursue initiatives and add value. The Board receives a Risk Report from the UK Risk Committee quarterly which sets out the current risk profile of the Company and any areas of importance or change. In addition to the quarterly meeting cycle, the Board receives a monthly risk appetite scorecard to provide with an overview of any changes to the profile of the business. The Board operates via a

Highlight [page 16]: robustriskframeworkencompassinga defined risk appetite and a series of enterprise risk frameworks with local addendum; incorporated as relevant The risk control function monitors, identifies and categorises the risks facing the organisation and develops risk mitigation tools to manage the risk. In addition, through the UK.Risk and UK Audit Committees, the Board receive regular reporting and assurance on control processes such as Internal Audit reviews, Compliance Monitoring testing and the risk control self assessments The UK Risk Committee has regard to emerging risks facing the Company, including but not limited to credit, market, operational, liquidity, funding, pension, regulatory compliance, cyber, taxand reputational risks. The UK Risk Committee has established a standing 1st Line Risk Report from the individual businesses on a rotational basis to allow the Board to assess the ownership and clarity ofresponsibilities with regards to risk management within the business. 5. Remuneration The UK Human Resources Committee is responsible for the approval of the total remuneration, including variable compensation of UK employees who are either designated senior management functions under the SMR and/or executive directors of the Company. The Chair of the Committee and the Committee members are independent. The Committee acts in adherence to a robust compensation framework encompassing many formalities to ensure remuneration alignment with employee behaviours and conduct including the UK Remuneration Conduct and Performmce Adjustment Protocol. This protocol sets out guidance for the adjustment of variable compensation following disciplimuy action and enables a consistent risk and performance adjustment process. The UK Human Resources Committee approves and adopts theRBC Group Remuneration and Compensation Policies and annually adopts a Remuneration Policy for the Company. The remuneration ofthe Non-Executive directors is currently approved by the Shareholder upon appointment. In support of the Committee, the CEO ofRBC Europe Limited, Control Function Heads, the Head of Human Resources RBC UK and Channel Is lands and RBC Capital Markets Europe, SVP Compensation and Governance and Chief Human Resources Officer regularly attend Committee meetings. The Committee is supported in fulfilling its Terms ofReference by a numberofrobustgovemanceprocesses which includes: • reporting from the Company's ChiefFinancial Officer on the alignment between financial performance and bonus pool accruals; • quarterly updates from the Head of Human Resources on a range of topics including whistleblowing incidents, diversity, turnover, recruitment; • quarterly reporting from Human Resources on regulatory changes impacting the Company,genderand equal pay metrics and bonus pool spend analysis; • an annual report from the Internal Audit function on the Company's adherence to regulatory requirements and internal policies and procedures; and • annual adoption ofRBCenterprise remuneration policies and review and approval of specific regional policies and key regulatory submissions (e.g., the Company's Code MRT list, Pillar 3 disclosure). On an ongoing basis, the Company's Risk function monitors a number ofnon-financial risk factors that may not have been reflected in current financial performance, but could have the potential to bes ufficiently significant to justify adjustments to the current year's variable compensation pool. Subsequently, the Chief Risk Officer provides bi-annual reports to the UK Human Resources Committee highlighting any risk based adjustments that are proposed for the variable compensation pools for the business. The Head of the Compliance Function also provides an annual report to the Committee setting out any proposed individual compensation adjustments as a result of conduct breaches. 6. Stakeholder Relationships and Engagement The framework through which the Board engages with its stakeholders (employees, suppliers, clients and the wider community) is set out in more detail within the Strategic Report on pages 3 to 13. With regards to the shareholders, the Company is classified as a Governance Level I subsidiary (by virtue of the Internal Policy on the Legal GovernanceofSubsidiaries) and therefore must include an RBC Group Executive ("GE") member or a delegate ofa GE member as a Director. The responsible GEmember is a designated GE oversight person and acts in ens wing connectivity with the shareholder. In the case ofRBC Europe Limited, Graeme Hepworth is the GE member appointed to the Company's Board in July 2020. This is in addition to Troy Maxwell and Nadine Ahn as seniorRBC executives sitting on the Company's Board to provide appropriate further formal representation from the shareholder. In addition, the Board has invited a number senior Group executives to attend its meetings including DerekNeldner, RBC Global Head of Capital Markets, to ensure appropriate connectivity between the Board and the shareholder on an ongoing basis.