
Highlight [page 9]: Statement of Corporate Governance Arrangements The Company's ultimate parent, Phoenix Group. Holdings pie is listed on the UK's main market and accordingly complies with the UK Corporate Governance Code 2018 (the 'Code'). The Company does not apply the Code but has established a governance framework which enables the Company to adopi the Wates Governance Principles for Large Private Companies 2018 (the 'Principles'). The following Statement demonstrates ho\/\1)he Company has applied t_hePrinciples. This is reviewed and challenged by the Board at least annually. The Princ;;ipl(;!s Demonstrated by Purpose and Leadership An effective board develops and promotes the pLirpose of a company, and ensures that its values, strategy and culture align with that purpose. The Company has a defined purpose within the Group as a service company and this purpose is aligned, together with its values, strategy and culture, to those of its ultimate parent, Phoenix Group Holdings pie. The board has worked to support this during the year, particularly in the context of ongoing work to integrate the ReAssure businesses into the wider Group. The Board undertakes annual strategy reviews for it to debate and challenge the strategy for the Company and provide input to the overall Group strategy debate. This includes input into how the values and culture of the Group are determined and embedded. Board Composition Effective board composition requires an effective chair and a balance of skills, backgrounds, experience and knowledge, with individu 9 1 directors having sufficient capacity to make a valuable contribution. The size of a board should be guided by the scale and complexity of the company. From a governance perspective, \here were no cross directorships between the Company and its ultimate parent, Phoenix Group 1-joldirgs pie; during the year. The non-executive Di"rectors are also members of the Life Companies Board. The Board is an appropriate size given the scale and complexity of the Company, particularly as the Company's ultimate parent, Phoenix Group Holdings pie, provides oversight of the Company's activities. The Board is invited to attend the Life Companies education sessions to gain appropriate knowledge on various themes, but have included Director responsibilities under the Senior Managers Certification Regime, IFRS17 and company specific activity .such as vulnerable customers. Director Responsibilities The board and individual directors should have a clear understanding of their accountability and responsibilities. The board's policies and procedures should support effective decision-making and independent challenge. The 'Matters Reserved' for the Board of the Company specify those activities for which the Board has retained approval with agendas for each meeting reminding all Directors of their responsibilities under Section 172 of the Companies Act 2006. Board meetings, as evidenced through the Board minutes produced, are an open forum for Directors to be robust and challenge the proposals presented. Having a clear organisational structure allows for area$ not covered by the Matters Reserved and which fall into the day to day management of the

Highlight [page 10]: The Principles Demonstrated by Company to be appropriately delegated through a structure of approved Delegations of Authority. Opportunity and Risk A board should promote the long-term sustainable success of the .company by identifying opportunities to create and preserve value, and establishing oversight for the identification and mitigation of risks. The Board's role in setting the strategy for the Company is explained above and includes how opport11nitiP.sfnr Iona t.erm value creation would be considered. Both the Group Head of Internal Audit and Company's Chief Risk Officer have access to the Board to raise any concems directly. The operation of a three lines of defence model within the Company ensures that there is appropriate oversight, not only from the individual business unit. but also from the Risk function providing risk oversight independenf of management and the Internal Audit function providing independent verification pf the adeql,Jacy and effectiveness of the internal controls and risk management processes in operation. Remuneration A board should promote executive remuneration structures aligned to the long-term sustainable success of a company, taking into account pay and conditions elsewhere in the company. Whilst the remuneration of executives is a matter for the Group and, specifically, the Group"s Remuneration Committee, the Non-Executive Directors are provided with the informatibn necessary to enable them to oversee the design and operation of the remuneration arrangements for members of the Company's management team. Stakeholder Relationships and Engagement Directors should foster effective stakeholder relationships aligned to the company's purpose. The board is responsible for overseeing meaningful engagement with stakeholders, including the workforce, and having regard to their views when taking decisions, The outline of Directors' duties sets out the actiyities of the Board in respect to relationships arid engagement wlth the Company's shareholders, customers, employees and suppliers. These are considered to be the key stakeholders for the Company.