
Highlight [page 11]: Corporate Governance Statement Introduction The Company is committed to good corporate governance, which supports the running of a responsible business and the upholding of Reed's values. This Corporate Governance Statement explains how, for the year ended 30th June 2021, the Company has managed its corporate governance responsibilities by applying the Wates Corporate Governance Principles in compliance with The Companies (Miscellaneous Reporting) Regulations 2018. Principle 1: Purpose and Leadership An effective board develops and promotes the purpose of a company and ensures that its values strategy and culture align with that purpose. In the early 1960s, Reed pioneered specialist recruitment in the UK. Seven decades on, we have become the world's largest family-run recruitment business, with offices spanning across the UK, Europe and East Asia. With access to the UK's largest candidate database and expertise across 20 specialist sectors, we are committed to ensuring that people are at the heart of everything we do to ensure we fulfil our purpose: improving lives through work. The Reed Group is led by the Reed Global Limited Board ("RGL") which defines the Group's purpose, values and strategy, and approves the strategies of subsidiary companies. The Company is a wholly owned subsidiary company of Reed Specialist Recruitment Limited ("RSR") and is the company which employs all of Reed's temporary workers. The day-to-day operational management of these temporary workers is through RSR. There are three core values at Reed: We are Fair, Open and Honest we treat everyone with fairness and respect we act with integrity we are true to our commitments We Take Ownership we respond swiftly to execute our promises we take responsibility for providing solutions we hold ourselves accountable for our actions

Highlight [page 12]: Corporate Governance Statement (continued) Principle 1: Purpose and Leadership (continued) We Work Together we work in partnership and build sustainable trusted relationships we value a diverse workforce and respect the contributions of all we support our customers and colleagues in achieving their goals The Company ensures its purpose and values are clearly articulated with effective channels of engagement with its temporary workers and its stakeholders. The Company's engagement channels include an online portal and e-newsletter, as well as direct communication between RSR and temporary workers. In support of its fair, open and honest culture, the Company operated a whistleblowing process to ensure transparency and openness. Principle 2: Board Composition Effective board composition requires an effective chair and a balance of skills, backgrounds, experience, and knowledge, with individual directors having sufficient capacity to make a valuable contribution. The size of the board should be guided by the scale and complexity of the company. The leadership and responsibility for the overall effective running of the Board sits with the Company Managing Director. The Board is comprised of two Directors including Reed's Chairman, James Reed. As the day-to-day operational management of the temporary employees is governed by Reed Specialist Recruitment Limited, Board meetings of RSR include reference to any matters arising relating to Reed Staffing Services Limited as the directors of the company are also directors of RSR. A short biography for each Board member, detailing their appropriate skills, background, experience, and knowledge is below James Reed MA, MBA, FCIPD - Chairman and Chief Executive of Reed. James Reed has been the Chief Executive and Chairman of Reed since 1997 and 2004 respectively, when he took over the role from his father and founder of the Reed Group Sir Alec Reed. In 2018 and 2019, James was voted in the Top 20 UK CEOs by employer-ratings platform Glassdoor. He is a regular media commentator on work and labour market issues, with recent appearances including BBC News, Sky News, BBC Radio 2, and The Apprentice. He has contributed insight to a wide range of.publications including the Financial Times, Harvard Business Review and The Sunday Times. James is also a best-selling author of four books, Life's Work: 12 Proven Ways to Fast-Track Your Career, The Happy Recruiter: The 7 Ways to Succeed, The 7 Second CV: How to Land the Interview, and Why You?: 101 Interview Questions You'll Never Fear Again. He also co-authored Put Your Mindset to Work with Dr. Paul Stoltz. James has

Highlight [page 13]: Principle 2: Board Composition (continued) James Reed MA, MBA, FCIPD - Chairman and Chief Executive of Reed. an MA in Philosophy, Politics and Economics from Oxford University, an MBA from Harvard Business School and is a Fellow of the Chartered Institute of Personnel and Development (CIPD). Ian Nicholas BSc, FCIPD - Global Managing Director Ian was appointed as Global Managing Director of the Company in March 2020, transferring from his role as Chief HR Officer for Reed Global Limited, in which he was responsible for all people strategies across the group. Ian joined Reed in 2004 as HRD of on,e of their businesses, and he also opened and ran a specialist HR recruitment arm. In 2007 the company merged its recruitment businesses and Ian was appointed as HRD for the newly formed Reed Specialist Recruitment Limited. In 2013, whilst retaining his HR responsibilities, he was appointed as Managing Director for RSR Managed Services and during a two-year period of successful growth, he led the re-shaping of the business into what is now the highly regarded Reed Talent Solutions brand. In 2015, Ian was appointed to CHRO and in 2017 he was appointed to the Reed Global Board. Ian attained a BSc (Hons) at Liverpool University, subsequently gaining his CIPD qualification via Glamorgan University. He is Chartered FCIPD. In 2019, Ian was listed on the 'HR Most Influential' list by HR Magazine. The Board are supported in their strategic management of audit and risk by the parent body's Audit & Risk Committee, which supports the Company by reviewing the comprehensiveness and reliability of assurances on governance, risk management,- control environment, and the integrity of financial statements and the annual report. The Company has a robust risk framework in place and a Compliance, Audit, and Data function managing and mitigating operation risk. The Board delegates day to day management and the implementation of agreed strategies to these functions. The Company promotes diversity at work through RSR's recruitment processes and those of its clients. The RSR Board has adopted standardised documentation and receive key performance indicators in the form of Balanced Scorecards for the Company covering financial, commercial, people, and social responsibility matters in a timely fashion ahead of each meeting. Across the financial year, a number of Principal Decisions were reported to or approved by the RSR Board that were relevant to the Company's stakeholders. These included decisions taken by the RSR Board in the continued response to the Covid-19 pandemic. A formal effectiveness review of the RSR Board took place in June 2021 and has assessed that the Board is competent and well run and has the potential to become more effective by taking forwa_rdsome key observations. These included a review of the number of statutory

Highlight [page 14]: Principle 2: Board Composition (continued) directors to see if additional resource is needed, a review of how the Board receive information on risks, and the inclusion of competitor information as part of the board packs. Principle 3: Director responsibilities The board and individual directors should have a clear understanding of their accountability and responsibilities. The board's policies and procedures should support effective decision making and independent challenge. The Board normally has a programme of monthly meetings, plus an additional meeting for strategic planning. The Board is responsible for establishing the culture, values and framework within which RSR operates, and is responsible to stakeholders for the direction and oversight of the Company to ensure its long-term success. It provides leadership, oversees strategy, ensures the necessary resources are available and sets policies, key operational initiatives and standards. Every Board Director has a clear understanding of their accountabilities and responsibilities. All Directors have access to the Company Secretary for assistance and advice. The Company Secretary is responsible for ensuring that Board procedures are complied with. The Board delegates day-to-day management of the operating divisions to their Senior Leadership Team. Statutory and non-statutory directors who attend Board meetings have an annual appraisal and quarterly reviews of progress against targets to maintain accountability. Board members receive regular and timely business reports on areas such as financial performance, strategy, operations and environmental impact, each supported by Key Performance Indicators to keep the Board informed of the Company's performance, position and long-term sustainable success. The Company's Articles of Association contain powers of removal, appointment, election and re-election of Directors. There is a Governance Review annually of the Company's governance processes. Principle 4:_Opportunity and Risk A board should promote the long-term sustainable success of the company by identifying opportunities to create ·and preserve value and establishing· oversight for the identification and mitigation of risks. • The Company has a focus on future opportunities for innovation and entrepreneurship. Short-term to medium term opportunities are highlighted through RSR Board Meetings and executive reporting, whilst longer term strategic opportunities are reviewed through the annual Strategic Review process. The Board continues to be supportive of the work of the Director of Group

Highlight [page 15]: Principle 4: Opportunity and Risk (continued) Risk & Screening to campaign on behalf of workers to digitise ID checking, which was applied to online right to work checks at the beginning of the pandemic. There is a range of future strategic opportunities that the Board reviews regularly due to the evolving nature of the labour market, the futu·re of work, and the impact of technological innovation. The Board has responsibility for determining the nature and extent of the principal risks the Company is facing, the overall risk appetite, and the Company's internal control framework. The Company has developed robust procedures to identify, monitor and manage risk via the RSR Risk Assurance Committee, which meets quarterly and receives reports from the subsidiary companies on any emerging or established risks which are considered to have an impact on stakeholders or may impact the Company's business objectives. During 2021 the Group appointed a Risk and Governance Manager to support it in developing -its evolving procedures to identify, monitor and manage risk. The RSR Board oversees an Internal Audit Function to test the mitigation controls of principal risks. RSR holds certifications for ISO 9001 and ISO 14001 and incorporate these into their approaches to risk management. Principle 5: Remuneration A board should promote executive remuneration structures aligned to the long-term sustainable success of a company, taking into account pay and conditions elsewhere in the company. Remuneration is based on performance, behaviours, demonstration of company culture and values, and achievement of business goals. Remuneration is linked to the adherence to company culture and values, as demonstrating these behaviours is an integral part of working for Reed. Clear policies on remuneration exist to ensure consistency across Reed. The Board recognises the importance of closing the Gender Pay Gap, which is supported by clear policies across the business. The specific pay rates for temporary employees are determined by the hiring client. The RSR Board has considered the appropriateness of forming a Remuneration Committee and continues to regard existing remuneration policies and processes as appropriate to the needs of the business. Principle 6: Stakeholder Engagement Directors should foster effective stakeholder relationships aligned to the company's purpose. The board is responsible for overseeing meaningful engagement with stakeholders, including the workforce, and having regard to their views when taking decisions.

Highlight [page 16]: Principle 6: Stakeholder Engagement (continued) As a family-run group of companies, Reed has a strong emphasis on corporate responsibility and a track record of social impact, philanthropy, and sustainability. The Company is committed to being a Carbon Neutral organisation and complies with ISO14001, which assesses environmental impact. Our commitment to social impact is driven by our company purpose: 'Improving lives through work', and we have three pillars of social impact. Further information around the Company's corporate social responsibility commitments can be found at https://www .reed.com/our-social-impact. The Company understands the importance of communication across constituent groups. The Company has developed a _Stakeholder Map to help identify, define, and engage with stakeholder groups. This map outlines the interests, issues, and methods of communication. with each group and can be found at Corporate Governance I Reed. For all principal decisions, the Company engages with and obtains feedback as appropriate from any affected stakeholder groups. Reed also has extensive Evaluation of Service processes in place across customers and employees. Reed's overall position and future prospects are assessed within the going concern basis of the Director's Report. Wates Variations Reed has applied the Wates Corporate Governance Principles in compliance with its corporate governance obligations under The Companies (Miscellaneous Reporting) Regulations 2018. We expect there to be continued evolution in the oversight of risk during the upcoming financial year to allow for the further enhancement of its identification, monitoring and management processes.