
Highlight [page 6]: Corporate Governance Report Following the Companies (Miscellaneous Reporting) Regulations 2018 (SI 2018/860), the Company is required to provide on its website and in its Annual Report, for financial years from 1 January 2019, details of any corporate governance code applied, how the company complies with this code, and an explanation of any deviations from this code. To ensure good corporate governance, the Company has adopted the Wates Corporate Governance Principles For Large Private Companies published in December 2018 and applies the 6 principles of the Code as set out in this statement. The information in this statement will be reviewed annually in line with the Company's Annual Report. Purpose and Leadership We have a strong and rich heritage and a clear mission to be the number one provider of electrical services in the UK, helping our customers and suppliers win and to be the best place to work. To help us do so, we have a strong Board that is fully involved in developing and supporting our mission and a strong Executive Leadership Team, led by our Chief Executive Officer. The Executive Leadership Team is responsible for recommending to the Board the core strategy of the Company. The Executive Leadership Team is then responsible for implementing and managing the strategy of the business at an operational level to ensure the needs of the Company's shareholders, customers, employees and other stakeholders are met. Our strategy is set around customer growth and to be the very best, so as to meet financial performance targets set by shareholders and the Company's management, led by our Parent Company. It is also our strategy to operate within an appropriate governance and legislative framework so that the highest standards are always maintained. We are, therefore, constantly improving how we operate by listening to our customers on satisfaction with products and services. To achieve long term sustainable success, we continue to seek regular feedback from our customers through our net promoter scorecard. This provides management with a clear understanding of how customers view the Company and its products and services. In 2021 our business continued to evolve rapidly due to the Covid-19 pandemic. We continued to deploy more technology, concentrating our resources on elements most important to our customers. By doing so, we are always able to meet their neecis, which strengthens our sales and makes us dependable. We source high quality products and materials and through significant investment in our digital webshop, have created an environment where customers can shop with us 24/7. They can choose from hundreds'of products, and this will continue to be developed. We recognise that our employees are essential in delivering our future successes. Our anonymous ,Employee Promoter Score Survey, which is carried out twice a year, bas been vital for the Company to understand the expectations of our employees, helping us identify key areas for improvement within the Company and also telling us wh-atwe·are doing well. The HR Team also seek regular fee-dbackthrough voluntary exit interviews with leavers and monitor employee turnover, in order to determine the culture of the Company. In addition, we operate to a prescribed ethics guide, which includes a dedicated employee whistle-blowing helpline so that concerns about misconduct and unethical practices can be reported. The health and safety of our employees and customers have also been of key focus to the Company and is always the highest priority. To ensure we continued effectively in these unprecedented times, we implemented social distancing at all locations and enabled employees to work from home where possible, in line with Government guidelines. •

Highlight [page 7]: Board Composition As at the date of this statement, the Board is made up of 3 directors, namely Edgar Aponte, Marcus Leek, and Sebastien Houet. Each individual director has specialist experience in different subject matters, which helps to support the diversity and quality of decision making and strategy. All directors dedicate the necessary amount of time to fulfil their directors' duties. The directors meet at least 2 times per annum and more frequently on an adhoc basis. Formal agendas, papers and reports are circulated to the directors in advance of each Board meeting for the directors to consider. The Board delegates certain functions to relevant committees. The Board and the UK CEO receives effective oversight of the Company from the Executive Leadership Team, who are responsible for the operational management of the Company's business. The Executive Leadership Team is made up of senior managers, certain directors and the General Counsel & Company Secretary. This helps to ensure effective alignment between board strategy and business operations. Additionally, the Company has an established General Counsel office that is also legally bound to provide independent oversight of the balance of power and effective decision making by the Company. The Board is assisted in the discharge of its risk management function by a Risk Committee which is made up of the General Counsel (Chairman), Head of UK Internal Audit (Secretary), CEO, CFO, VP Finance, and the HR Director. The Risk Committee meet at least twice a year. The Company has a robust risk management process in place .where members of the Risk Committee and other nominated relevant management personnel identify, evaluate and manage the principal risks that could impact the Company's performance. The committee ensure that a top down and bottom-up risk identification process is followed. Regular meetings are held to ensure that the individual risks and their associated treatment plans are kept up to date. The Company's CEO and HR Team regularly review strengths and weaknesses of the statutory Board and Executive Leadership Team with a view to improving performance of the board as a whole. Director Responsibilities All directors receive a detailed director duties letter of advice prior to appointment, explaining their responsibilities as a director. The directors receive business updates and have full liaison with the Company Secretary and internal/external advisers on legal, compliance and corporate governance matters. The Board will also rely on a wide range of information sources to assist decision making including financial reporting, key performance indicators, -workforce data, environmental data, stakeholder engagement feedback and consumer data. Conflicts of interest are governed by the Company's Articles of Association. Furthermore, all directors are encouraged to discuss any potential conflicts of interest with the General Counsel/CEO. In appropriate cases, internal and external legal advice is available. Under Group Internal Control, all Rexel companies must adhere to the BoRG (book of Rexel Guidelines) . . These are the key internal contcols that have been set out by the Parent Company. The UK Board has .... ultimate responsibility for the system of internal controls and for reviewing its effectiveness. Each year, under the guidance of the UK Internal Audit team, the Company completes a self-assessment. The self- • assessment is completed via the Group's governance, risk and compliance system, which is used by the UK CFO and UK CEO to sign off

Highlight [page 8]: Opportunity and Risk The Board has ultimate responsibility for identifying opportunities and managing areas of significant risk. In addition, the Company has a diverse organisational structure with defined levels of responsibility, which promotes innovative and entrepreneurial decision-making within an appropriate risk framework. The Company has an established framework of internal financial controls, the effectiveness of which is reviewed by the UK Internal Audit Team, the Board and the Executive Leadership Team. The Board has overall responsibility in setting out and developing the Company's strategy, including approving revenue, profit and budgets. In advance of a Board meeting, directors will receive a detailed board pack, which includes (amongst other things) financial statements for the year to date, updated forecasts for the current financial year together with any risks in meeting any year-end targets and any mitigating steps needed. The Company maintains a statutory risk register and an operational risk register. With the help of the Risk Committee, the Company's risks are regularly assessed, and mitigating steps are discussed with the Board and implemented as and when necessary to protect the business. Appropriate approval and signature processes are in place to ensure that decisions are made at the right level and by the right personnel within the organisation, in order to maximise opportunities and limit risks. Remuneration Rexel UK's Parent Company operates a clear remuneration strategy and framework for all UK Board members and senior managers. This includes appropriate oversight of remuneration levels and all benefits. The Parent Company is listed on the French stock exchange and, as a consequence, has requisite reporting, corporate governance and disclosure processes in place. Stakeholder Relationships and Engagement Engaging with our stakeholders and continually working towards strengthening these relationships is fundamental to the long-term success of the Company. We are focused on maintaining effective working relationships with all stakeholders, including shareholders, customers, suppliers, regulatory authorities and our employ.ees. We align these stakeholder relationships with the Company's purpose. This is evidenced by documents and practices such as the ethics guide, supplier code of conduct, and the whistle-blowing policy. We have developed strong relationships with both customers and suppliers by adopting contractual agreements and having approval processes in place. Our Modem Slavery statement is available on our website, and we annually review internal measures to ensure that we are doing everything we can to prevent slavery and human trafficking in our supply chain. • • Our employees are integral to the success of our business. ·During 2021, the Company continued to keep its employees informed on matters concerning them and the business through various channels, including email communications, online team meetings and online events. Employees have been equipped with appropriate safety and protective wear and equipment, tools and technology in order to continue working effectively in these unprecedented times and line managers are encouraged to keep in touch with all team members to ensure the wellbeing of their employees. We encourage employees' feedback through surveys and engagement forums. In addition, we carry out a yearly performance and development review with each employee.to ensure the development of employees at all levels.

Highlight [page 9]: Corporate Governance Report (continued) The Board and Executive Leadership Team are regularly updated by senior managers in the business on the wider stakeholder feedback and ensure that these views are duly considered in any decision making by the Board.