

Highlight [page 82]: Chairman'sintroduction The Board A strong Board with an effective committee structure is a key component of the governance framework of Rothesay. Our Board remains highly engaged; the continuing development of the full internal model, IFRS 17 and other one off items necessitated a number of additional Board meetings during the year and the level of attendance and contributions was very high. In addition, many issues were dealt with virtually by correspondence, enabling matters to be progressed efficiently and in a timely manner. Meetings generally took place by video-conference, although a number of face-to-face meetings were held towards the end of the year. Shareholders Following the sale by Blackstone of its stake in Rothesay in 2020, GIC and MassMutual each hold 49% of Rothesay Limited with the remainder being held by the Employee Benefit Trust, Directors, management and staff. GIC and MassMutual are two of the world's leading institutional investors and provide Rothesay with exceptional long-term support and a stable platform for growth in the future. Each of the shareholders has the right to appoint two Non-Executive Directors, with each having appointed one to date. During 2021, we have increased the level of engagement with representatives of the shareholders beyond their appointed Directors and members of their teams regularly attend Board and other Board Committee meetings. The shareholders receive regular management information and their teams also interact directly with management. We believe that the enhanced interactions with shareholders are of benefit to the Company and help ensure that shareholders have good visibility, which aids the process of decision making when shareholder support is required. The shareholders also support Rothesay in other ways, for example assisting in the sourcing and evaluation of investments, providing debt financing and providing longevity reinsurance. The Shareholder Agreement sets out a number of reserved matters, including: Changes to the rights of shareholders. Issuance of new equity or debt. Material changes to the business strategy of Rothesay. Material acquisitions or disposals. For further information see note I.3. on related party transactions

Highlight [page 83]: Board composition In order to ensure that the Board will continue to have a majority of independent Non-Executive Directors when GIC and MassMutual appoint their second shareholder Directors, new independent Non-Executive Directors have been appointed. These appointments broaden the knowledge and experience of the Board and improve its gender balance. Jane Hanson was appointed to the Board on 1 January 2021, Ed Giera on 25 January 2021 and Heather Jackson on 1 April 2021. An extensive induction programme was organised for the new Directors who committed significant time to the process of learning about the business and operations of the Company. Simon Morris stepped down from the Board on 13 February 2021. During 2021, the Board renewed the appointments Stan Beckers and Bill Robertson. of How the Board operates The Board is led by the Chairman, Naguib Kheraj. Naguib was appointed to the Board on 1 October 2014 and became Chairman on 18 December 2017. Day-to-day management of Rothesay is led by Addy Loudiadis, the Chief Executive Officer, and Tom Pearce, the Managing Director. The Board has responsibilities to shareholders, policyholders, the regulators, employees and other stakeholders for the overall performance of Rothesay. More information on stakeholder engagement can be found on page 74. The Board's role is to provide oversight and direction to the senior management team and to ensure that there is an appropriate risk and control framework for Rothesay. Rothesay Limited Board Responsible for: Strategy and business plans Material transactions Acquisitions and disposals Capital management policy including dividends and debt Audit Committee Responsible for: Financial reporting Internal controls Internal and external audit • Regulatory compliance Customer and Conduct Committee Responsible for: Treating customers fairly Regulatory conduct Board Risk Committee Responsible for: Remuneration Committee Responsible for: Nomination Committee Responsible for: Risk appetite Risk management framework Ongoing monitoring and controls of risks Executive Director and other Senior manager remuneration Remuneration policy Share incentive plans Reviewing the size and composition of the Board Board and Senior Manager appointments Succession planning , Board Committee D Hybrid Committee

Highlight [page 84]: Chairman'sintroduction continued The Board has a schedule of matters reserved for its consideration and approval, including: Strategy and business plans. Material new investments and new insurance transactions. Acquisitions and disposals. The constitution of Board Committees. • Capital management policy including dividend policy. The Board is focused on ensuring that the growth of the business is appropriately controlled and received updates through the year on the steps being taken to. strengthen control and oversight functions. The Board also conducted a cyberattack exercise to rehearse Rothesay's response to a major cyber incident and this resulted in a number of steps being taken to strengthen our preparedness for such an attack. Other key Rothesay policies. The Board is supported by the Audit Committee, the Board Risk Committee, the Remuneration Committee and the Nomination Committee. Terms of reference for these Committees can be found at www.rothesay. com. In 2021 to streamline governance, the Board Risk Committee became a committee of Rothesay Limited rather than of Rothesay Life Pie (RLP).This aligns the structure with the organisation of the Audit Committee. In the following sections of the governance report, the chairs of these Committees provide a report on activity in the year. The report from the Chair of the Audit Committee also includes commentary on the activity of the Customer and Conduct Committee. How the Board spent its time in 2021 The Board met formally eight times during 2021, in addition to meeting on a number of other occasions on an ad hoc basis and dealing yvith a number of matters via email correspondence. The Board agenda is set by the Chairman, in consultation with management, and generally includes: • An update from the CEOon business performance. The Board spent time in formal meetings as well as separate sessions discussing IFRS 17,the new accounting standard for insurance, and the development of Rothesay's full internal model. The Board also spent time reviewing progress and future plans in relation to the development of Rothesay's IT platform. The Board reviewed the results of the 2021 employee engagement survey and discussed management's proposed response as well as the progress made by management in response to the 2020 survey and management's return-to-office strategy. The Board also considered progress on improving diversity and inclusivity at Rothesay. The Board reviewed Rothesay's investment strategy and approved the establishment of Rothesay Asset Management Australia to help increase geographical diversification of the Group's investments. The Board also approved investment in fixed-for-term residential mortgages in the UK. The Board also reviewed and discussed management succession planning~ Reports from Committee chairs. The Board agreed that Rothesay should join the NZAOA and it approved the interim goal of reducing the carbon intensity of Rothesay's investment portfolio by 20% by 2025. The Board also approved Rothesay's 2020 ESGreport. • An update on Rothesay's financial performance and expenditure against budget. • Updates from the risk and compliance functions. • Discussion on material new investments and liability transactions. Discussion of key initiatives such as development of the internal model, climate change work, and development of Rothesay's IT platform. • Board legal and governance update. The Board held a strategy off-site event during the year outside of the formal Board meeting schedule. The event included: Presentations from our shareholders on their objectives for Rothesay. A presentation from an external speaker on longevity. Discussion of the strategic business plan. Discussion of administration strategy, particularly in relation to pension buy-ins. Discussion of systems and IT strategy. Discussion of brand awareness and Rothesay's marketing strategy.

Highlight [page 85]: he Board approved a number of changes to Rothesay's internal governance, including the creation of the Business Controls Committee. The Board makes extensive use of virtual communications and deals with matters by correspondence where it is effective to do so. On complex subjects, management provides Directors with the opportunity for one-to-one briefings off line which helps to make the process of dealing with these matters more efficient for the Board. Board performance and effectiveness The Board recognises that the continuous development of Directors is important to the Board's performance and effectiveness. During the year, the following development activities took place: • One-to-one induction sessions with the new Corporate governanc~ highlights Decision to join the NZAOA and approval of interim climate goals. • Approval of the larger new bulk annuity and longevity reinsurance contracts. • Approval of the in-sourcing of pension buy 0 in administration. • Approval of the issuance of the GBP and USO Restricted Tier 1 notes. • Approval of investment in fixed-for-term mortgages .. Undertook a role play exercise to rehearse Rothesais response to a major cyber incident. independent Non-Executive Directors. One-to-one briefing sessions for independent Non-Executive Directors on the annual report and accounts. Training sessions on IFRS 17, Rothesay's IT framework, the FIM, and on the way· in which longevity assumptions are set. The Board also considered the fitness and propriety of senior management and Directors. During 2021, the Chairman led an internal review of effectiveness. This involved a questionnaire being completed by all Directors, the results of which were then shared and discussed with the Board. The Chairman also held one-to-one sessions with Directors to discuss their views and provide them with feedback. These reviews led to a small number of recommendations, Including more regularly inviting external commentators to present at Board meetings and making the Customer and Conduct Committee (CCC)a Board committee, which will be addressed over 2022. The new committee will be composed solely of non-executive Directors and will oversee the conduct risk framework for managing our direct and indirect relationships with customers and consumers. A new executive level committee will be established with a remit similar to the existing hybrid CCC.The restructuring will enhance our strong governance model, maintaining focus on providing excellent customer service as an essential element of our business model, brand and reputation. The Board expects to undertake an externally facilitated effectiveness review in 2022 as part of its three yearly cycle. Review of the results of the 2021 employee engagement survey and discussjon of management's planned re~pcirise.

Highlight [page 86]: The Wates.CorporateGovernancePrinciples The Board has decided to apply the Wates Corporate Governance Principles for Large Private Companies (the Wates Principles). Information can be found on our approach to compliance in the strategic report and in this governance report. Principle Where further information can be found 1: Purpose and Leadership - An effective board develops and promotes the purpose of a company and ensures that its values, strategy and culture align with that purpose. Rothesay's purpose is to provide pension security for our policyholders and value to our shareholders over the long-term. Rothesay's strategic objectives are discussed on page 24. More information can be found on Rothesay's culture on page 60. 2: Board Composition - Effective board composition requires an effective chair and a balance of skills, backgrounds, experience and knowledge, with individual directors having sufficient capacity to make a valuable contribution. The size of a board should be guided by the scale and complexity of the company. Board effectiveness is described above under "Board performance and effectiveness". Board composition is described on page 81. The Nomination Committee is responsible for ensuring that Rothesay's Board and management team have the appropriate mix of expertise and experience. See page 98. 3: Board Responsibilities - The board and individual directors should have a clear understanding of their accountability and responsibilities. The board's policies and procedures should support effective decision-making and independent challenge. Board governance is described on page 80. The Audit Committee is responsible for overseeing the systems and controls that ensure the reliability of information provided to the Board. See page 88.

Highlight [page 87]: 4: Opportunity and.Risk - A board should promote the long-term sustainable success of the company by identifying opportunities to create and preserve value and establishing oversight for the identification and mitigation of risks. The Board has overall responsibility for. identifying opportunities to create and preserve value and this is discussed above under "How the Board spent its time in 2021". The ~RC is responsible for the operation of Rothesay's risk management framework. The framework is described on page 37 and more can be found on the BRC on page 93. Risks and opportunities are also highlighted as part of the description of strategic objectives on page 24. 5: Remuneration - A board should promote executive remuneration structures aligned to the long-term sustainable success of a company, taking into account pay and conditions elsewhere in the company. The Remuneration Committee is responsible for ensuring that Rothesay's remuneration policy appropriately rewards and incentivises our people. See page 95. 6: Stakeholder Relationships and Engagement - directors should foster effective stakeholder relationships aligned to the company's purpose. The board is responsible for overseeing meaningful engagement with stakeholders, including the workforce, and having regard to their views when taking decisions. Rothesay's purpose is to provide pension security for our policyholders and value to our shareholders over the long term. Rothesay has responsibility to a number of other stakeholders, including our suppliers, our people, our community, the environment and our bondholders. Further information on stakeholder engagement and examples of how we take their interests into account can be found on pages 74.to 77.

Highlight [page 88]: Boardof Directors Committee ofWelleome Trust, the Finance Naguib Kheraj is a Senior Adviser to the Aga NAGUIB KHERAJ Khan Development Network and serves on the Committee of Oxford University Press and Boardsof variousentities within that Network. served on the board of NHS England. Naguib INDEPENDENT Naguib is also chairman of Petershill Partners, began his career at Saloman Brothers and went NON-EXECUTIVE on to hold a number of seniorpositionsat deputy chairman of Standard Chartered, a leadingfinancialinstitutions.He served as DIRECTOR AND member of the Finance Committee of the group finance director and vice-chairmanand in University of Cambridge and a member of the CHAIRMAN variousbusinessleadershippositionsat board of GAVI, the Vaccine Alliance. He was formerly a member of the Investment Barclays and was CEOof JPMorgan Cazenave. Addy Loudiadis is Rothesay's founder and Chief Before moving to investment banking, she was ANTIGONE head of European Fixed Income Sales at Executive Officer. Addy established Rothesay In (ADDY} 2007 as a business purpose-built to protect Goldman Sachs. Addy sits on the board of the Associationof BritishInsurersand is a Trustee pensions. Addy was previously a partner of LOUDIADIS Goldman Sachs and served as the co-head of of the Rothesay Foundation. the Investment Banking Division in Europe. CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER i Tom Pearceis Managing Directorand a THOMAS (TOM} co-founder of Rothesay, responsible for PEARCE strategy and business development. Prior to the establishment of the Company in 2007, Tom was MANAGING pr"eviouslyin the EuropeanFinancingGroup at Goldman Sachs, responsible for UK life DIRECTOR insurance. Tom joined Goldman Sachs in 2000 in EuropeanFixedIncome. r I Andrew isan associatetrusteeof the Great Andrew Stoker is the Chief Financial Officer of ANDREW STOKER Rothesay following his appointment in 2014. At Ormond Street Hospital Children's Charity. Rothesay, Andrew has responsibility for the CHIEF FINANCIAL finance, actuarialand HR functions.Andrew was OFFICER previouslya partner in EY'sriskand actuarial practice and prior to that was chief actuary at Lucida pie. Andrew has also held roles at PwC, Tillinghast (now WTW) and Legal & General. Stan Beckers retired from his role as chief BARRA(now MSC! BARRA)where, over a CONSTANT executiveofficerof NN InvestmentPartners8.V. 20-year period, he established and managed its (STAN} BECKERS in 2017, having previously been co-head of non-US operations. Stan is currently chair of BlackRock Solutions at BlackRock Advisors (UK) Nomura Asset Management UK. Stan was INDEPENDENT Limited and, prior to that, had spent six years previouslya non-executivedirector of Robeco with Barclays Global Investors Ltd, most N.V.and a non-executive director of Kas Bank NON-EXECUTIVE recently as chief investment officer of Scientific N.V. DIRECTOR Active Equity Europe. Stan started his career at EdGieraisthe SeniorIndependentNon.executive Capital LLC,a private investment partnership EDWARD director of Santander UK pie and chair of the focused on the global financial services sector, and (ED} GIERA Santander UK Board Risk Committee. Ed was principal of E.J.Giera, LLC,providing corporate formerlya non-executivedirectorfor Pension finance advisory and fiduciary services. Formerly, INDEPENDENT Corporation Group Limited; ICBCStandard Bank hisexecutivecareerwaswithJPMorganSecurities, pie; the Renshaw Bay Real Estate Fund and the investment banking affiliate of JP Morgan NON-EXECUTIVE Renshaw Bay Structured Finance Opportunity Chase& Co.where he held positions as global head DIRECTOR Fund, respectively; and for NovaTech,L.L.C.Ed is of Pension Advisory, head of Capital Markets for currently a partner and manager of Boscobel Place the EMEAregion, and other senior roles. i ' JANE HANSON Jane Hanson spent her early career at KPMG, the Government's Dormant Asset Expansion 1 • . ,! latterly leading the Risk, Governance and Board, non-executive director and chair of the . .• . I • •••, • IN DEPENDENT Internal Audit advisory practice in the North of the Government's Dormant Asset Expansion Board, non-executive director and chair of the Audit Committee at Welsh Water pie and .. _ including director of Audit and Risk and· Committee at the Civil Aviation Authority. She is DIR ECTOR Governance director at Aviva pie. She is a fellow also the honorary treasurer of the Disasters l.,:-.-including director of Audit and Risk and· Governance director at Aviva pie. She is a fellow of En-g-la_n_d_.J_a_n_e-he_l_d_a_n_u_m_b_e-ro_f_e-xe_c_u-ti-ve_r_o_le-s--n-o_n_-e_x_e_,u_t_iv_e_d-ir-ec_t_o_ra_n_d_c_h-ai_r_of_ England and Wales and she is a magistrate.Jane a number of other non-executive roles including -is currently chair of Reclaim Fund Ltd, chair of Committee at the Civil Aviation Authority. She is also the honorary treasurer of the Disasters with Direct Line Group pie.

Highlight [page 89]: HEATHER JACKSON INDEPENDENT NON-EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR Heather Jackson has held senior positions acrossretail and financialservices,specialising in technology leadership. She was chief information officer for Capital One (in the UK & Europe) and, subsequently, HBOS.At HBOS, she led several functions, including payments, procurement.print/post operationsand human resources. Heather currently holds non-executivedirectorshippositionsat Ikano Bank AB and Skipton Building Society Group. She previouslyheld non-executivedirectorship positions at JD Sports Fashion, Lookers PLC, Tandem Bank and the Child Maintenance EnforcementCommission. RAYMOND (RAY) KING INDEPENDENT NON-EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR Ray King Is a Non-Executive Director of Rothesay, having stepped down as Chairman in December 2017. Ray ended his executive career as group CEOof Bupa, having previously been finance director. Earlier In his career he held seniormanagement rolesat Diageo/Guinness pie, Southern Water pie and !Cl pie. Ray is a Trustee of the Rothesay Foundation. THERESE(TERRY) MILLER INDEPENDENT NON-EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR Terry Miller is a non-executivedirectorand the Senior Independent director of Galliford Try Pie, a non-executivedirector of GoldmanSachs International Bank and Goldman Sachs International,and a non-executivedirectorand Senior Independent director of the SteIrad Group pie, During 2021, Terry was appointed as a non-executivedirectorof the British EquestrianFederation.Shewas previously general counsel of the London Organising Committee of the Olympic and Paralympic Games (LOCOG),and a non-executive director of the British Olympic Association prior to her LOCOGappointment. She was a partner of GoldmanSachs,most recentlyas international general counsel. CHARLESPICKUP INDEPENDENT NON-EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR Charles Pickup was previously a partner in the Risk Consulting and Software division ofTowers Watson (formerly Tillinghast) and acted as actuarial function holder for Lucid a pie, Countrywide and BlackRock. Prior to this, Charles worked at Commercial Union and Prudential Bache Securities specialising in UK life insurance. WILLIAM (BILL) ROBERTSON INDEPENDENT NON-EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR BillRobertsonwas previouslythe GlobalLife chief risk officer and global life chief actuary for Zurich Financial Services and also held various senior positions at Aegon. Prior to this, Bill was a partner at Hymans Robertson and head of actuarial at Scottish Amicable. M. TIMOTHY (TIM) CORBETT NON-EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR Tim Corbett ischief investmentofficerof Massachusetts Mutual life Insurance Company. Tim is responsible for MassMutual's overall investment strategy and has oversight of the company'sGeneralInvestment Account.Prior to joining MassMutual in May 2011, Tim had been chief investment officer and head of Pension Fund Management with the State of ConnecticutTreasurer'sOfficer since2009. ----·--------------------------------------------------.

Highlight [page 90]: Committee membership Bill Robertson (Chair) Ed Giera Jane Hanson Ray King Terry Miller Charles Pickup I am pleased to present the Audit Committee's report for the year ended 31 December 2021. The Committee is responsible for assisting the Board in fulfilling its oversight responsibilities for the financial reporting process, the system of internal control, the internal and external audit processes and Rothesay's process for monitoring compliance with laws and regulations and the business principles. The Committee also receives reports from the Customer and Conduct Committee. The Committee has unrestricted access to management and external advisers to help discharge its duties. It is satisfied that in 2021 it received adequate, reliable and timely information to perform its responsibilities effectively. Committee membership and attendance The Committee is composed of only independent Non-Executive Directors with an appropriate mix of expertise and experience. The Committee met on seven occasions in 2021 at appropriate times in the financial and regulatory reporting audit cycle. The Chairman of the Board, CEO, Managing Director, CFO, CRO, Chief Actuary, Chief Auditor, Chief Compliance Officer and representatives of PwC and the shareholders regularly attended Committee meetings. Other members of senior management were also invited to attend as appropriate to present reports. During the year the Committee held regular private sessions with the Chief Auditor, Chief Compliance Officer and PwC without management present. Members of the Committee also met separately to discuss and agree Rothesay's response to the consultation by the Department of Business, Energy & Industrial Strategy on "Restoring trust in audit and corporate governance".

Highlight [page 91]: A number of Committee members are also members of, or regular attendees at, the Board Risk Committee. This ensures effective coordination across the two committees. As Chair of the Committee, I report on matters dealt with at each Committee meeting to the subsequent scheduled Board meeting. Committee activities during 2021 The work of the Committee during 2021 fell under four main areas: financial statements and accounting policies, regulatory compliance, internal control (including oversight of the Internal Audit function) and oversight of the external audit. In addition, the Committee received reports from the Customer and Conduct Committee. Financial statements and accounting policies The Committee reviewed Rothesay's financial announcements, the annual report and accounts, the half-year results and the going concern assumptions in relation to the annual report and accounts. During 2021, the Committee received regular reports on the progress of Rothesay's preparations for IFRS 17 and began to consider accounting policies under IFRS 17. An important focus of the Committee is assisting the Board in ensuring that the annual report and accounts, taken as a whole, are fair, balanced and understandable and provide the information necessary for stakeholders to assess Rothesay's position and performance, business model and strategy. The Committee has also considered compliance with the Companies (Miscellaneous Reporting) Regulations 2018 and that there is appropriate disclosure on compliance with the Wates Corporate Governance Principles. The Committee has reviewed the climate reporting disclosures. The Committee reviewed the relevant Solvency II disclosures including the Solvency and Financial Condition Report (SFCR)and the Regular Supervisory Reports (RSRs).This included oversight of Rothesay's use of transitional solvency relief during the year, including consideration as to its continuing appropriateness. The Committee reviewed the key assumptions used in calculating both the long-term insurance liabilities and the MCEV.Key assumptions included the annuity mortality assumptions, the credit default allowance on the investment portfolio and the prudence requirements around the IFRS assumptions. For MCEV,the ii liquidity premium is also a key assumption. The following table provides more detail on significant accounting issues considered by the Committee. The Committee reviewed Rothesay's tax policy, strategy statement and reporting on payment practices and performance under regulations made under Section 3 of the Small Business, Enterprise and Employment Act 2015. The Committee receives reports from the Chief Actuary on areas including the reliability and adequacy of technical provisions, the quality of data, underwriting policy and reinsurance arrangements.

Highlight [page 92]: Audit Committeereport continued Significant IFRS accounting issues considered by the Committee Issue Longevity and credit default assumptions used to determine the valuation of insurance liabilities The inherent uncertainty involved in setting the assumptions used to determine the insurance liabilities for Rothesay, particularly in relation to longevity and credit defaults, represents the most significant area of judgement due to the potential impact these assumptions have on the financial statements. Committee's response The Committee focused on the impact of COVID-19 on the valuation of liabilities and on management's proposed changes to reserving assumptions, particularly in relation to longevity, LPI and credit default. Longevity assumptions: The Committee reviewed available data illustrating recent trends in longevity experience in the UK population, the longevity experience on different blocks of business, industry benchmarking data and reinsurer pricing. As 84% of the longevity risk is reinsured, Rothesay has visibility over market pricing for the majority of its liabilities. Given the uncertainty in relation to future longevity trends, the Committee concluded that it was appropriate to adjust assumed improvements on the basis of no improvement in 2020 and not to factor COVID-19 into future longevity assumptions beyond that. Credit default assumptions: The Committee reviewed the methodology used to determine credit default assumptions and considered available industry benchmarking data. The Committee also considered whether allowance should be made for potential falls in the value of house prices when determining the cost of the no negative equity guarantee on ERMs. The Committee concluded that the assumptions used are appropriate for the determination of the insurance liabilities. Valuation of investments classified as Level 3 under IFRS 13 The valuation of Level 3 assets is based on either inputs into a valuation model or observable prices for proxy positions. This is inherently complex and requires the use of significant management judgement. Furthermore, the balances are material to the financial statements. The Committee has reviewed and approved the Group's valuation policy. The Committee also receives and reviews a report from the finance function setting out the way in which all Level 3 assets have been valued and the range of plausible valuations. The Committee considered the impact of COVID-19 on the assets, particularly on underlying property valuations. The Committee has also reviewed the way in which LPI linked derivatives are being valued {noting that a consistent approach to LPI for assets and liabilities means that this also impacts the valuation of insurance liabilities). The Committee concluded that there are appropriate controls surrounding the valuation of Level 3 assets and that they are valued appropriately for inclusion in the financial statements. Regulatory compliance The Committee received regular compliance updates, including: • from the Compliance function on whistleblowing and the way in 'which Rothesay ensures compliance with relevant laws and regulations, including anti-money laundering and anti-bribery; • on compliance with the General Data Protection Regulation {GDPR)including data subject access requests; updates on Solvency II compliance including the operation of the matching adjustment fund and calculation of transitional capital relief; and • • • the results of the reviews undertaken by the Compliance function. The Committee also reviewed the new Compliance Manual and the work being undertaken to strengthen the robustness of the compliance control framework, particularly in the context of the impact of COVID-19 on our operations.

Highlight [page 93]: The Customer and Conduct Committee (CCC)is responsible for ensuring that customers, clients and counterparties are treated fairly by Rothesay and its strategic business partners. The Committee also oversees Rothesay's approach to regulatory conduct. The Committee is chaired by an independent Non-Executive Director, Terry Miller. Two other independent Non-Executive Directors, Charles Pickup and Jane Hanson, are also members of the Committee along with the CFO and 11 members of management. The Chairman of the Board and other independent Non-Executive Directors also regularly attend. The CCCmet six times in 2021. The CCCgenerally considers the following regular items: • a report from the Compliance function on regulatory conduct; a report from the Operations team on customer satisfaction, complaints and the performance of Rothesay's third party administrators on their operations; and a report from the ERM team on complaints and on progress being made on long-outstanding cases. The CCCalso reviewed and approved: • the decision to re-start the 'small-pots' initiative; • Rothesay's policyholder outcomes and customer vulnerability policy; Rothesay's product governance and insurance distribution policy; • policyholder documentation in relation to non-standard retirement options; and non-standard member options. During 2021, the CCCreceived regular reports on the preparations for the Part VII hearing in relation to the transfer of policies from Prudential and on the plans for transferring the administration of those policies should the Part VII be approved. Now that the Part VII transfer has been approved, the CCCwill closely monitor progress in migrating the administration from the Prudential's administrators to our long-term strategic administration partner. As noted previously, as part of the annual review into Board effectiveness, the Board concluded that the CCCshould become a full Board committee with this change being implemented during 2022. Internal control and Internal Audit The Board has overall responsibility for Rothesay's risk management and internal control systems and alongside the Board Risk Committee, the Committee seeks to ensure that Rothesay operates within a framework of prudent and effective controls and that the Board and its committees receive reliable information. The Group's internal controls are designed to manage rather than eliminate operational risks and can provide only reasonable assurance against material misstatement or loss. There is an ongoing process for identifying, evaluating and managing the principal risks faced by the Group, which has been in place throughout the period covered by this report and up to the date of approval of the Annual Report and Accounts for 2021. Where any significant weaknesses were identified, corrective actions have been taken, or are being taken and monitored by management and the relevant Committees. During 2021, the Committee particularly considered the robustness of the controls over Rothesay's technology infrastructure. The Committee also oversaw work undertaken to improve Rothesay's operational resilience. The Committee is supported in its oversight of the control framework by regular reports from the Internal Audit function. The Internal Audit Charter sets out the objectives, scope and responsibilities the Internal Audit function and how it maintains independence from the first and second line management of Rothesay. The Committee reviews, and approves, the Internal Audit Charter annually. of The Chief Auditor reports directly to the Chair of the Committee and her remuneration is approved by the Remuneration Committee. Rothesay is supported in delivery of internal audits by use of external advisers to supplement the in-house Internal Audit team. During 2016, Rothesay re-tendered these services with the result that EYwas appointed.

Highlight [page 94]: AuditCommitteereport continued The internal audit plan for 2021 was reviewed and approved by the Committee, with internal audits being planned and prioritised following a risk-based assessment of the business. During the year, the plan was amended to reflect the continuing impact of COVID-19on our operations. Audits undertaken in 2021 included audits of: • the adequacy and scalability of tt)e key controls in place across Rothesay, and the embeddedness of the governance and control function enhancements; • operational risk management; the compliance function; compliance with the General Data Protection Regulation; • month end accounting processes; model risk management; ESGrisk management; and, • policyholder calculations. Internal Audit also closely monitored the project to develop Rothesay's IT platform. The Committee received regular reports from Internal Audit on the audits that have been carried out, management's response to findings and progress in addressing identified issues. Internal Audit also provided its annual report on Rothesay's risk management and internal control systems to the Audit Committee, concluding that governance, risk and control systems are satisfactory. Through its close interaction with Internal Audit and feedback from management, the Committee is able to assess the effectiveness of the Internal Audit function. On this basis, the Committee concluded that the function has access to appropriate resources and that it was effective. An independent external review of Rothesay's Internal Audit function will be undertaken in 2022. External audit The Committee ran a competitive tender process during 2016 and reappointed PwC as its auditors from the 2017 year end. The external audit contract is required to be put out for tender again no later than for 2027 year end, at which time Rothesay will not be permitted to reappoint PwC. Sue Morling became Rothesay's external audit partner from the 2020 year end. The Committee has approved an External Auditor Policy (which was reviewed during the year) which aims to: preserve the independence and objectivity of the external auditors in performing the statutory audits; ensure the effectiveness of the external auditors; and • avoid any conflict of interest by outlining both the types of services that the external auditors can and cannot undertake and the considerations that should be applied in assessing potential conflicts of interest. During 2021, the Committee performed its annual review of the independence, effectiveness and objectivity of the auditor. Management and Directors each completed a questionnaire which sought to evaluate the auditor against a range of criteria. The Committee then reviewed the results and concluded that PwC remains independent and effective. The fees paid to PwC for the year ended 31 December 2021 are summarised in the table below: • 2021 £0005 2020 £0005 I Audit of the financial statements of Rothesay and its subsidiaries I I 11,646 1,511 Total audit 1,646 1,511 Required by regulation Audit-related assurance services Other assurance services Non-audit services i I i 2,210 228 217 119 145 198 222 40 Total fees 2,116 Other assurance services provided in 2021 relate to work associated with the issuance of the RT1 notes. These services are in compliance with applicable independence rules and Rothesay felt that the external auditor was best placed to provide these services because of their understanding of Rothesay. Committee performance and effectiveness The Chairman's review of Board effectiveness also considered the effectiveness of both the Audit Committee and the CCCand resulted in a number of minor changes for 2022, as well as the decision to make the CCCa Board Committee.

Highlight [page 95]: Stan Beckers (Chair) Ed Giera Naguib Kheraj [i0King Charles Pickup l Bill Robertson • I am pleased to present the Board Risk Committee's report for the year ended 31 December 2021. The Committee's primary responsibilities are the ongoing monitoring and control of all risks associated with the activities of Rothesay, within the parameters set by the Board and as set out in the risk and investment policies of Rothesay. The Committee is also responsible for the oversight of the Executive Risk Committee (ER() and its sub-committees, which are responsible for the ongoing monitoring and control of all financial risks, insurance risks and operational risks associated with the activities of Rothesay. The ERChas 17 members and is chaired by the CRO. Committee membership and attendance The Committee is composed of only independent Non-Executive Directors with an appropriate mix of expertise and experience. The Committee met for six scheduled meetings during 2021 in addition to reviewing risk limit changes via email. The CEO,Managing Director, CRO, CFO, Head of Asset and Liability Management, Chief Investment Officer, General Counsel, Chief Actuary, Non-Executive Directors and shareholder representatives regularly attended Committee meetings. Other members of senior management were also invited to attend as appropriate to present reports.

Highlight [page 96]: BoardRiskCommitteereport continued Committee activities during 2021 Risk appetite monitoring The Committee received regular, detailed reports on key risk exposures and the drivers of risk throughout Rothesay. The Committee monitored Rothesay's exposure against Rothesay's overall risk appetite. Risk management and governance The Committee received regular reports from the ERC and the CRO.This allowed the Committee to monitor the way in which risk was being managed by Rothesay. Regular reporting includes: The Committee reviewed Rothesay's preparations for mandatory clearing of derivatives and in response to LIBOR reform. The Committee also considered the potential impact of the planned reform of leasehold on Rothesay's loans secured on ground rents. The Committee reviewed the work being done by Rothesay to improve operational resilience and considered Rothesay's approach to cyber risk management. planned investment activity;· • compliance with risk limits, including in relation to liquidity; changes to credit ratings; • climate change and ESGrisk; • changes in the risk register; stress testing and potential impact of emerging risks; • market risk exposures; • operational risk events; assessment and monitoring of cyber risk; economic capital coverage; and the results of the regular risk and control self-assessment. The Committee received progress updates on Rothesay's climate change-related initiatives, as well as in-depth reports on the environmental impact of specific sectors. The Committee reviewed and approved the proposal to join the NZAOA. During 2021, the Committee reviewed Rothesay's investment strategy, Rothesay's risk appetite statement, a number of risk-related policies, Rothesay's risk management framework and Rothesay's ORSA. New transactions The Committee reviewed the underwriting assumptions made in relation to the large bulk annuity transactions undertaken and proposed. This included consideration of any associated reinsurance and the asset investment approach. The Committee also reviewed and approved the reinsurance transactions entered into during 2021. The Committee reviewed and approved the launch of fixed-for-term mortgages as well as reviewing a number of other illiquid investments. The Committee reviewed a number of risk limits. Internal model The Committee oversaw the operation of the PIM, including review of minor model changes and of ongoing validation work. The work being undertaken to construct Rothesay's FIM is being overseen by the Board. Committee performance and effectiveness The Chairman's review of Board effectiveness also considered the effectiveness of the Board Risk Committee and resulted in a number of minor changes for 2022.

Highlight [page 97]: guib Kheraj..;_{C_h_a_f_r)

______ __________ __, Stan Beckers ! Tim Corbett Robin Jarratt ~yMiller I am pleased to present the Remuneration Committee's report for the year ended 31 December 2021. Committee membership and attendance The Committee Is composed solely of Non-1::xecutIve Directors with an appropriate mix of expertise and experience. Membership includes representation from Rothesay's shareholders facilitating the alignment of long-term interests. The independent Non-Executive Directors form a majority. The Committee met formally on four occasions in 2021 in addition to reviewing remuneration issues via email and ad hoc telephone calls. The CEO, Managing Director and the CFO also regularly attended part of Committee meetings as appropriate and relevant. The Committee has also retained an independent expert adviser from FIT Remuneration Consultants LLP to provide benchmarking, independent input and industry insights and he generally attends meetings.

Highlight [page 98]: RemunerationCommitteereport continued Committee responsibilities The Committee is responsible for reviewing and making recommendations to the Board regarding the remuneration policy of Rothesay and for reviewing compliance with the policy in so far as it relates to senior managers and other employees. Within the context of the policy the Committee is specifically responsible for making recommendations for the remuneration packages of the independent Non-Executive Directors, Executive Directors and other senior managers of Rothesay. The Committee is further responsible for monitoring the overall level and structure of remuneration for the wider population. Rothesay's remuneration policy is intended to: • promote sound and effective risk management; • align individuals' incentives with multi-year performance; discourage excessive or concentrated risk-taking; allow Rothesay to attract and retain proven talent; and align aggregate remuneration with the performance of Rothesay as a whole and encourage teamwork. This is achieved by ensuring that variable remuneration is linked to performance across a range of financial and non-financial metrics. The CRO provides input to the annual appraisal process and financial metrics are ignored when evaluating the performance of second and third-line staff. Considerable attention is paid to non-financial matters in assessing performance, including policyholder experience, contribution to ESGgoals, operational risk management, compliance, conduct and teamwork. Remuneration packages combine a base salary, cash bonuses, a deferred equity award plan and a long-term share appreciation rights plan (the SARs plan). A summary of the components of remuneration of Executive Directors and senior management can be found in the table on the next page. Committee activities during 2021 The Committee reviewed the Group's Remuneration Policy with a particular focus on ensuring that the importance of non-financial KPis, including those relating to ESGfactors, is reflected in variable pay. The Committee also decided to increase the employer pension contribution to ensure that Rothesay's benefit package remains competitive. The Committee reviewed and approved recommendations for the remuneration packages of senior managers of Rothesay and also reviewed the recommendations of management in relation to the compensation for employees of the wider Group and in relation to leavers. The Committee again approved the award of shares to all employees under the Schedule 2 Share Incentive Plan in order that all employees benefit from the success of Rothesay. The Committee reviewed the composition of the material risk-taker population regularly this year and their individual performance was discussed at year end. • Committee performance and effectiveness The annual review of Board effectiveness also considered the effectiveness of the Remuneration Committee and resulted in a number of minor changes for 2022.

Highlight [page 99]: Salary Rationale Salaries are set at a level which is intended to reflect the individual's responsibility, skill, competence and contribution to Rothesay's objectives, whilst at the same time taking note of the external value placed on the job in the market generally. Bonus The annual_bonus rewards the achievement of strategic objectives and:is linked to Rothesay's KPis, adjusted for current and future risks. Part of the cash bonus may be deferred. Bonuses are intended to both reward achievement and im·prove staff retention. Long-term share-based incentives Part of the annual bonus may be awarded as equity (through the deferred equity award plan) or stock appreciation rights (the SARs plan). The deferred equity award plan ensures that stock vests and is delivered over several years. It is anticipated that when stock vests, a cash alternative will be offered. The new SARs plan pays out at the end of three years, assuming performance triggers are met. Both plans ensure that the interests of shareholders and senior management are aligned. Under the Schedule 2 Share Incentive Plan, all UK employees were offered shares in 2020 and .2021 which will not vest for at least three years. Further shares will be issued under this plan in 2022. Benefits Executive Directors and senior management are entitled to benefits in line with those provided to all employees. Pension Rothesay operates a defined contribution scheme. Executive Directors and senior management are entitled to membership of the scheme and receive contributions in line with those paid for all employees. Equity Executive Directors and senior management hold equity as a result of historic awards and annual vestings. Shareholding guidelines As the Company is not quoted, Executive Directors and senior management are unable to sell shares except as approved by the Remuneration Committee. • Malus and clawback Any bonus that has been deferred is capable of a ·c1ownward adjustment or forfeiture and the rules of the deferred equity award plan ensure that equity can be clawed back even after vesting.

Highlight [page 100]: NominationCommitteereport Committee membership Naguib Kheraj (Chair) Tim Corbett J Robin Jarratt Ray King Terry Miller Charles Pickup I am pleased to present the Nomination Committee's report for the year ended 31 December 2021. The Nomination Committee is responsible for monitoring the balance of skills, knowledge, experience, independence and diversity on the Board, identifying and recommending Board, Board committee and senior management appointments to the boards of the various Group entities, as appropriate, and monitoring succession plans for the Executive Directors and the development plans of senior management within Rothesay. The responsibilities of the Committee indude reviewing the structure, size and composition of the Board of Directors, identifying and nominating candidates to fill Board vacancies as and when they arise and approving senior management appointments. Following the appointment of Jane Hanson and Heather Jackson, the proportion of women on Rothesay's Board is 4 out of 121.

Highlight [page 101]: Committee membership and attendance The Committee is composed of Non-Executive Directors with an appropriate mix of expertise and experience and a majority of independent Non-Executive Directors. The CEO, Managing Director and General Counsel also regularly attended Committee meetings. The Committee met once formally and made use of virtual communications and correspondence to deal with matters efficiently. Committee activities during 2021 During 2021, the Committee was particularly focused on the induction process for new Directors and succession planning for Committee Chairs and longer serving independent Non-Executive Directors. The Committee also reviewed the effectiveness of the onboarding process for new Non-Executive Directors and of the new governance processes post the change in ownership of Rothesay. The Committee recommended to the Board which approved the reappointment of Stan Beckers and Bill Robertson. The Committee reviewed the mix of skills and experience of the existing members of the Board in the context of succession planning and engaged a recruitment firm to conduct a search process in preparation for the likely retirement of long serving independent Non-Executive Directors during the course of 2022. Committee performance and effectiveness The annual review of Board effectiveness also considered the effectiveness of the Nomination Committee and resulted in a number of minor changes for 2022.