
Highlight [page 17]: CORPORATE GOVERNANCE STATEMENT FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2021 Introduction For the year ended 31 December 2021, under The Companies (Miscellaneous Reporting) Regulations 2018, the Company has· applied the Wates Corporate Governance Principles for Large Private Companies (published by the Financial Reporting Council ('FRC') in December 2018). This report sets out below how the Principles have been applied over the past year across RWE Generation UK pie and its active subsidiary undertakings. ,. Principle 1 - Purpose and leadership Both the Board and the wider RWE Group take our role as a major partner for the energy transition and for security of supply very seriously, particularly when it comes to acting responsibly. Integrating this fundamental concept of corporate responsibility in all of our. business processes is one of our key objectives. To do this, we participate in international initiatives and have set ourselves strict principles for our actions with internal guidelines. The Board have adopted the RWE Group values which are TRUST, PERFORMANCE and PASSION. These describe the core of our identity, also differentiating us from our peers and competitors. They provide stability and reliable guidelines for our behaviour and decisions, but also build ·the basis of all our personnel systems and evaluation tools. • Principle 2 - Board Composition The Board is represented by Directors from three core business areas in the UK: Head of UK Finance, Head of Asset Management, and Head of Commercial Asset Optimisation. All Directors have an equal standing. Whilst there is not a separate Chairman and Chief Executive, each of the Board members holds a clear balance of responsibilities, accountabilities and decision making in respect of the business areas they represent. The Directors have equal voting rights when making decisions. All Directors have access to the advice and services of the Company Secretary and may, if they wish, take professional advice at the Company's expense. The duties of the Board are executed partially through committees. The Board ensures that the values, strategy and culture align, are implemented and are communicated consistently to the workforce through regular team brief cascades, senior management conferences arid site visits. Directors update their skills, knowledge and familiarity with the RWE Group by meeting with senior management, visiting operational sites and by attending appropriate external seminars and training courses. The Company continues to adhere to best practices and areas of focus, review and challenge in the area of governance and compliance. Principle 3 - Directors Responsibilities Accountability and good governance supports open and fair business, ensures that the Company has the right safeguards in place and makes certain that every decision it takes is underpinned by the right considerations. Whilst Board oversight is always maintained, key decisions are made by the individuals and. committees with the most appropriate knowledge and industry experience. Each Board member has a clear understanding of their accountability and responsibilities. The Board has a programme of eleven meetings every year.· The. Board's key areas of focus in 2021 are i.ncludedon in the Strategic Report on pages 1 to ~- The Directors, Committee members and other executives complete an annual RWE Code of Conduct declaration confirming that they, and their respective teams, have adhered to and worked in accordance with the RWE behaviours and values. In addition, measures are in place for all Directors and Committee members to declare any potential conflicts of interest. These declarations are collated by the Company Secretary and shared with the external auditors and, where applicable, the RWE AG Chief Compliance Officer. Where there are potential conflicts, appropriate safeguards are implemented.

Highlight [page 18]: Committees . Together with matters reserved for the Board, the Board also delegates authority for certain matters to the following Committees: • Health Safety and Wellbeing Review Committee The HSWRC's purpose is to define and develop the Strategy to deliver the desired Health and Safety culture of the business, by driving forward new programmes that are expected to result in a continuous reduction of Health and Safety incidents and accidents across the UK, and to regularly review the effectiveness of the strategx and actions. The 'HSWRC consists of individuals responsible for the delivery, implementation and· employee and senior management engagement associated with health and safety in the UK. Together with. the Board, the following individuals are members of the HSWRC: Stephen. Duffy, UK HR Director; Stephen Boughton, Head of Hydrogen Business Development UK; Alison Chappell, Head of GCB-CD Demolition and Closed Sites; John Reilly, Head of Safety UK; Michael Magee, Director RWE Technology UK Limited, Keith Moorcroft, Head of Hydro O&M UK, Robert, Manson, Head of Health & Wellbeing ~nd Mark Thomas, Business Planning and Performance Reporting Manager RWE Supply & Trading GmbH. The HSWRC met 8 times in 2021. Charities Committee The purpose of the Charities Committee is to put in· place the measures to allow support across all sites through donations, sponsorships, volunteering and community engagement that is consistent with RWE Generation UK's overall corporate re~ponsibility strategy and objectives. The Committee seeks to strike a balance between na.tional, regional and local (to our operations) activities with a specific focus on supporting the most vulnerable groups in society which also aligns with our company values. The members of the Charities Committee are: Jason Keene, Company Secretary & Compliance Officer; Stephen Duffy, UK HR Director; Stephen Boughton, Head of Hydrogen 'Business Development UK; Alison Chappell, Head of GCB-CD Demolition and Closed Sites and Jodie Moffat, Head of Internal Communications UK • The Charities Committee met 9 times in 2021. • Principle 4 - Opportunity and Risk . The Board seeks out opportunity whilst mitigating risk. The Board seeks out opportunities drawn from the business and which align to the overall RWE Group strategy.. Short term opportunities to improve performance, resilience and liquidity are collated through the internal business review proce~s. The Board ensures that inherent and emerging risks are identified and managed appropriately and in a timely manner. A list of emerging risks and opportunities are maintained, reported and reviewed on a frequent basis by the Board, Financial Controlling and Legal.

Highlight [page 19]: rinciple 5 - Remuneration The Company continues to apply a framework against which it seeks to recruit and retain quality senior management who can deliver the RWE Group's strategic ambitions in a manner consistent with both its purpose and the interests of its shareholders. • / The HR Director m_i:lkesrecommendations to the Board concerning the RWE Group's remuneration strategy, recruitment framework and long-term incentive plans for senior executives. The Company takes advice from both internal specialists together with independent external· consultants who provide updates on legislative requirements, best market practice and remuneration benchmarking, drawing on evidence from across the sectors in which the Company operates and from other sectors. • Pay is aligned with performance and takes in to acc_ountfair pay and conditions across the Company's workforce. The Company's remuneration policy for executives is consistent with companies of a similar size . and complexity, as well as other companies operating wiJhin the energy sector. In 2021, the Company produced its third annual Gender Pay Report. The report highlighted improvements on the previous year, together with further areas of focus for the future. • Principle 6 - Stakeholders The Board understands good governance and effective communication are essential to the Company's relationship with its stakeholders. Good governance and effective communication help to protect the RWE brand, reputation and relationships with all our stakeholder community including shareholders, customers, employees, suppliers and the local communities in which we work. The Board continues to seek to align the Company's strategic direction with RWE Group's aspirations for sustainability, growth, diversification and investment in the UK. • ~xternal impacts The Board is committed to social responsibility, community engagement and environmental sustainability. It achieves this in part through its commitment to ensuring the safety, health and wellbeing of everyone who the • Company engages with; creating positive environmental •and social impact; being an employer of choice where everyone is valued and respected; and seeking new ways to ensure the sustainability in our buildings and operational sites. • The RWE Group stands for transparency and is committed to sustainability. We have clear principles, which form the basis·for our corporate and social activities. In the UK there is an overarching Charities Committee, together with local site committees. In 2021, across RWE Generation, donations of £198k were made to over 200 charities and community groups in the l_.JK.