
Highlight [page 28]: Governance Thediagram below showsthe Governancestructure in place for Sainsbury'sBankas at 28February2022: Bojlrd I I I tiata'& Digital Audit Committee ··BoardRtsk--Commttt~e R~rn.ineratton Nominations ' ,, '. Conw,lttee· tommtttee Working: GToup

Highlight [page 29]: I Executive t' Committee :i Committee •• . .. i Chief Financial Officer Customer Director -Bank ChiefRisk Officer Chief Operating Officer Customer Director - AFS Conduct& Compliance Director HRDirector . " Internal Audit .. I ~b~ ·: ~.,'."·' • 1 ·R.;~ : filvblu1idl Committee ·•• & Lon tutc . ,Lommt cc - -~. --;;,,-~ ~_,.~frY" -·-___ ...... _,, •Pivisionil Risi< Committee -c ___ l

l

,I<.· 0 l ···tt C ommt ee ~~--~.-----•• -v•I Plvl'..lurktln.l.~l &.ci:,ndui:t • . • ff1ff1IY11t·I·,:.,.:., , ~ l R~~~ i Committee l ~i~ision~-;Ri-Committe . t: ,. 0 ' Finance Committee Retail Credit .... Risk Committee -.;.,-,,,•;',+."' ,ii<f,f)c;--~~ ... Supply Chain Oversight Committee • "1-»__ >l',.,...-.r./:'-~~: Asset& Liability Committee -J Board-level Governance The Board is the key governance body, meeting at least eight times a year, holding overall accountability for the decisions made and outcomes achieved by the Bank, subject to specific reserved matters that require the consent of J Sainsbury Pie. Details of the Board composition may be found below. Relationship with J Sainsbury Pie The Bank is a wholly owned subsidiary of J Sainsbury Pie, a listed retailer. J Sainsbury Pie currently has one Director on the Bank Board acting in the capacity of a Non-Executive Director. The J Sainsbury Pie appointed director has equal rights and powers as the other directors. J Sainsbury pie is not involved in the day-to-day management of the Bank. However, J Sainsbury Pie has certain reserved powers and decisions which fall within those powers must be referred to them by the Bank Board for their consent before being confirmed as fully approved. Primarily, these reserved matters relate to significant change in the size and scale of the Bank's operations, changes in its capital structure including any increases or decreases to capital, significant contracts or legal disputes, changes to Directors or Officers of the Bank and share schemes. Board Composition Chair The Bank has a separate Chair (an Independent Non-Executive Director) and Chief Executive (an Executive Director) to ensure that the balance of responsibilities, accountabilities and decision making are effectively maintained. The Chair plays a key role in creating the conditions for overall Board and individual director effectiveness. Balance and Diversity Recruitment on to the Bank Board combines an assessment of both technical capability and compe_tency skills to ensure the optimum blend of individual and aggregate expertise having regards to the Bank's long term strategic plan. Such recruitment is subject to the approval of the Nominations Committee, the Bank Board, J Sainsbury Pie (as the decision falls within reserved matters) and the relevant regulatory bodies (where applicable). Independent Non-Executive Directors bring their experience to bear from across various sectors, notably Financial Services but also from across Retail, Digital and E-commerce. These are key ar~as of focus for the Bank and aligned to its strategy. Directors update their skills, knowledge and familiarity with the Bank by meeting senior management, a programme of developmental training (from both internal and external speakers) and by attending appropriate external seminars. There is an induction programme for all new Directors which is tailored to their specific needs and which provides access to all parts of the business. The Independent Non-Executive Directors are wholly independent in that they have no material business or relationships with the company that might influence their independence or judgement. In addition, certain governance responsibilities are delegated to

Highlight [page 30]: other Board Committees (Audit Committee, Board Risk Committee, Remuneration Committee and Nominations Committee). Membership of these c9mmittees is entirely made up of Non-Executive Directors of the Bank with members of the Bank's Executive team and other senior colleagues in attendance. These committees support effective decision making and independent challenge. Size and Structure The structure of the Bank Board seeks to ensure the right leadership is in place to become an agile, capital and cost-efficient provider of simple, mobile-led financial services to Sainsbury's and Argos customers. The Bank Board is comprised of an Independent Chair, four other Independent Non-Executive Directors, one Non-Executive Director nominated by J Sainsbury pie and two Executive Directors - the Bank's Chief Executive Officer and its Chief Financial Officer. A biography for each Board Director can be found on the J Sainsbury pie corporate website: www.about.sainsburys.co.uk/about-us/our-management#sainsburys-bank The Directors have equal voting rights when making decisions, except the Chair, who has a casting vote at the Bank Board. All Directors have access to the advice and services of the Company Secretary and may, if they wish, take professional advice at the company's expense. Directors' duties are exercised through the Board and its sub-committees per the Governance structure on Page 26. Each of these is chaired by one of the Independent Non-Executive Directors. Effectiveness The Board last undertook a formal effectiveness review facilitated by an independent external advisor between December 2021and March 2022. Director Responsibilities Accountability Each Board Director has a clear understanding of their accountability and responsibilities via the Individual Accountability Regime which the Bank introduced in early 2016 and which has been regularly updated since then. Whilst Board oversight is always maintained, key decisions are made by the individuals and committees with the most appropriate knowledge and experience. The Board had a programme of nine main meetings in 2021/22and has the same planned for 2022/23.Additional Board meetings are convened as required to consider certain matters where it is not appropriate to defer until the next full meeting. Governance requirements (including quorum adherence) are applied as if these additional meetings were full Board meetings. One of the Board meetings is usually set aside each year for strategic planning with the Executive Committee and key stakeholders from across the Bank, AFSand J Sainsbury Pie as appropriate. As part of their annual review, the Bank Chair undertakes a Fit and Proper Assessment and Attestation with each Board Director. The Senior Independent Non-Executive Director undertakes the same for the Bank Chair. Integrity of information The Board receives regular and timely information at its meeting on all key aspects of the business supported by a range of Key Performance Indicators (KPis). The Bank's various functions prepare and maintain the integrity of this information in accordance with the Bank's risk management framework. Conflicts of Interest Any potential conflicts of interest are identified and considered as part of the recruitment process for on-boarding new Directors on to the Bank Board. Where there are any concerns raised, they are considered by the Bank's Nominations Committee and again at the Board meeting when the recommendation is brought for approval. Once in situ, should a Director be offered the opportunity to take up a position (Executive or Non-Executive), whilst retaining their role on the Bank Board, they are required to inform the Bank Chair and the Board would then be asked to confirm that no conflicts of interest existed or were perceived to exist before accepting the additional role. Where there are any potential conflicts, appropriate safeguards would be implemented. Committees A number of Board functions are delegated to four key sub-committees. The role and scope of authority for each sub-committee is fully outlined in a documented Terms of Reference:

Highlight [page 31]: including systems and controls and related policy issues together with relationships with external auditors. The Audit Committee also reviews and challenges where necessary management's response to any major External or Internal Audit recommendations. The Committee is responsible for reviewing and approving the internal audit plan and budget, and for ensuring that the function is adequately resourced. The Audit Committee meets at least four times a year. Additionally, the Audit Committee will meet with the External Auditors and Sainsbury's Bank Director of Internal Audit without Executive Management being present. Nominations Committee. The Nominations Committee is responsible for reviewing the structure, size and composition of the Board. The Committee is also responsible for the succession planning of the Board and the Executive Management Team and for ensuring a formal, rigorous and transparent process for recommending appointments to the Board to the Bank's shareholders. The Bank recognises the benefits of achieving a diverse Board and Executive Management Team to reflect the environment in which it operates. The Nominations Committee will meet as required. Remuneration Committee. The role of the Remuneration Committee (RemCo) is to determine and agree with the Board the broad policy for remuneration and for compliance with the Remuneration Code (the Code) to the extent that the provisions apply to the Bank. RemCo is responsible for recommending, monitoring and noting the level and structure of remuneration for senior management (categorised as 'Code Staff' for the purposes of the Code) and senior risk management and compliance colleagues and it continually reviews and assesses the impact of remuneration policies on the risk profile of the Bank and employee behaviour. RemCo also has oversight over appointment and severance terms for relevant employees. The Remuneration Committee meets at least four times per year. Board Risk Committee. The Board Risk Committee (BR()provides the Board with a forward-looking view to anticipate future risks together with the monitoring and oversight over existing risks within the Risk Appetite set by the Board. It is responsible for reviewing and reporting its conclusions to the Board on the Bank's risk appetite and the Bank's risk management framework. The Board Risk Committee meets at least five times a year. • • • Strategy and risk management The Board is responsible for the overall strategy and performance of the business and its management of risk. It undertakes a deep-dive review of the Bank's strategy on at least an annual basis, taking due account of changes in the operating environment and emerging risks and opportunities. This includes a review of long-term strategic opportunities, building upon the Bank's purpose and advantages from being part of the wider Sainsbury's Group. The Board Risk Committee (BRC)provides the Board with a forward-looking view to anticipate future risks together with the monitoring and oversight over existing risks within the Risk Appetite set by the Board. It is responsible for reviewing and reporting its conclusions to the Board on the Bank's risk appetite and the Bank's risk management framework. The BRCmeets at least five times a year. Responsibilities In line with the provisions of the Senior Manager & Certification Regime (SMCR),the Bank has allocated the Senior Manager Functions and prescribed responsibilities in so far as they apply to Sainsbury's Bank pie and its AFSsubsidiaries. A Management Responsibility Map {MRM)is in place to provide a description of the Bank's management and governance arrangements including the reporting lines and details of the individuals who are part of those arrangements and their prescribed responsibilities. The MRMis owned by the Board. Risks are identified and managed via the process-centric approach described in the Risk Overviewon page 21.

Highlight [page 32]: Remuneration Setting Remuneration The Board-level Remuneration Committee (RemCo)recommends to the Board the remuneration strategy for the Executive Directors, Chair, Senior Management and Material Risk Takers. Within this framework, its remuneration policy is aligned to the long-term success of the Company as well as promoting effective risk management and compliance with applicable statutory and regulatory requirements. RemCo also has oversight over appointment and severance terms for relevant employees. Policies A review is carried out annually (with input from external advisors) to ensure that the remuneration policy and practices are industry competitive and in line with the size and complexity of the business and compliant with all applicable legal and regulatory requirements. The policy also sets out the approach which ensures that reward decisions are objective, fair and inclusive. The Directors' positions and remuneration status are set out in the Directors' Report (page 32). Subsidiary companies The remuneration strategy and policies set by RemCo are fully applied to Argos Financial Services. Executive-level Governance The Board delegates the appropriate responsibility, authority and accountability to the Chief Executive Officer (CEO)to deliver the Bank's strategy through the appropriate governance committees and the Executive Committee. The CEOchairs the Executive Committee (ExCo)and is supported by a number of other executive-level committees to provide the appropriate checks, balances and transparency on decision making. Each committee has a documented Terms of Reference, with delegated authority to the Chair who is the appropriate identified accountable individual in line with their Statement of Responsibilities under FCAand PRArules (Senior Manager Regime). CEOExecutive Committee: • Executive Committee (ExCo).The role of the Committee is to advise and assist the CEOin overseeing the Bank's activities, performance and making significant decisions relating to the executive management of the Bank. ExComeets on a monthly basis. Chief Risk Officer (CRO)Executive Committees: • Executive Risk Committee (ERC).The ERCis responsible for ensuring that the Enterprise Wide Risk Management Framework (EWRMF)is effective in ensuring that risks are adequately and consistently managed within risk appetite. In doing so the ERC ensures that appropriate policies and methodologies are in place to manage the Bank's Primary Risk types. The ERCmeets on a monthly basis. • Retail Credit Risk Committee (RCRC).The RCRCis responsible for monitoring the performance of the retail lending book, ensuring there is an effective credit risk management framework and that the Bank is operating within its credit risk appetite. The RCRCmeets on a monthly basis. CFOExecutive Committees: • Asset and Liability Committee (ALCo). ALCois responsible for ensuring the balance sheet of the Bank is managed effectively and within risk appetite. Its main areas of responsibility are market risk, wholesale credit risk, interest rate risk, liquidity & funding risk and capital adequacy. ALComeets on a monthly basis. • Finance Committee. The role of the committee is to ensure there are effective levels of governance in place across the Bank's finance function so that significant decisions are fully informed, transparent, recorded and reported and in line with risk appetite and relevant governance structures. The Finance Committee meets on a monthly basis. • Supply Chain Oversight Committee. The role of the committee is to ensure there is an effective bank-wide supply chain performance and risk management framework that manages outsourcing, oversees delivery and makes decisions to ensure the Bank is able to robustly manage and oversee its suppliers. The Supply Chain Committee meets bi-monthly.

Highlight [page 33]: Divisional Risk Committees Each division across the Bank has its own Divisional Risk Committee (DR() chaired by the relevant ExCo member. The role of the DRC is to ensure the effectiveness of the EWRMFwithin the Division, so that risks are effectively and consistently managed within the overall approved risk appetite. Each DRCprovides input on material risks which may affect the Group to the Executive Risk Committee. Pillar 3 report Further information on the risks and controls can be found in the Bank's Pillar 3 Disclosure Report for the year ended 28 February 2022. This report is published in the investor relations section of the J Sainsbury plc corporate website: https://www.about.sainsburys.eo.uk/investors/results-reports-and-presentations#2022

Highlight [page 34]: Statement of corporate governance arrangements The Bank applied the main principles and complied with the relevant provisions of the Wates Corporate Governance Principles for Large Companies (available on the Financial Reporting Council website). Information demonstrating how the Bank applied the principles can be found throughout the Strategic Report.