
Highlight [page 20]: Corporate Governance Report For the year ended 1st January 2022, under The Companies (Miscellaneous Reporting) Regulations 2018, the Company has applied the Wates Corporate Governance Principles for Large Private Companies. This report sets out how the Group applied the principles over the past year. Principle 1 - Purpose and Leadership Samworth Brothers can trace its roots back to 1896 as a proud family business. The business manufactures and distributes quality chilled and ambient foods and supplies both retailer own label and branded products to its customers. The Samworth family vision is to have a business that is a long term force for good, building food businesses that lead by example. We have a clear purpose, "We do GOOD things with GREAT food", and our core values support this: We are a family We appreciate, encourage and treat one another like family, no matter who we are or where we are from. Everyone is welcomed and supported, and because we trust each other, we can be open and honest. We build relationships with those who share our values so we can work together in the same way towards the same goals. We take pride We take pride in our work, and quality is our way of life. People trust us to make their food, and we want to do our best for them. Our business is a force for good, and we all want to play our part in doing things right. We make things happen We believe there are no limits to what we can achieve together. We are curious and open to learning new things. When we recognise an opportunity to improve ourselves, our colleagues or our business, we grab it with both hands. We make a profit to reinvest in a better future. As a family business with strong values, we invest for the long-term benefit of our people, customers, suppliers and communities. We believe that responsible companies play a crucial role in building healthy communities and a strong society. Therefore, we work hard to create good employment opportunities, support local causes, be a good neighbour and contribute positively to our shared future. In addition, the investment in the business provides the chance for the Samworth family to be involved in a great commercial and social enterprise. At the start of the pandemic, the Chief Executive Officer set three clear priorities: to protect our colleagues, protect our cash and protect our reputation. There have been many challenges as a result of the pandemic. However, the business can be proud that the cultural framework and the clearly defined purpose and values were central in allowing the business to successfully deliver these priorities. The Group is committed to being a responsible business. Its purpose and values set its ambition to be a force for good -making a positive impact on society and the environment by contributing more than we take. Our strategy and plans consider three key pillars: • Taking action on climate • Sourcing with care • Supporting health and well-being Further details on our programme of works that we will continue in 2022 can be found in the Strategic Report from page 6. Principle 2 - Board Composition The Group has two leadership boards, each with different responsibilities and accountabilities. The parent company, "Holdings Board", led by a Chairman and family member, provides the governance control for the business. The Chairman is joined on the Board by the Chief Executive Officer and four independent Non-Executive Directors. The Board is supported by the Chief Financial Officer and the Company Secretary. The Independent Non-Executive Directors of the Group Holdings Board are wholly independent. They have no material business or relationships with the Company that might influence their independence or judgement. They bring extensive business leadership knowledge and perspective, and challenge to the Executive Board. In addition, specific governance responsibilities are delegated to Board committees. Hannu Ryopponen chairs the Audit Committee and Aileen Richards chairs the Remuneration Committee, both are Non-Executive Directors on the Holdings Board. The other Non-Executive Directors sit on both the Remuneration and Audit Committees. The Chairman plays a crucial role in providing the overall

Highlight [page 21]: he business. The other Board is the Group Executive Board, led by the Chief Executive Officer and comprising the Chief Financial Officer and three other Executive Directors. The Board focuses on developing and delivering the business strategy (please see further detail on our strategy in the Strategic Report from page 6), aligned to the business purpose. The Board also ensures that the Group's culture and values are communicated consistently to all of our colleagues, ensuring their application is central to everything we do daily in the business. The Holdings Board is planning a formal effectiveness review in 2022 to assess how the Board operates to ensure that its agenda and actions align with the business's strategic development. The review willalso ensure there is a clear understanding of its responsibilities to all of its key stakeholders. Principle 3 - Director Responsibilities The Group looks to provide a robust governance framework to allow its boards and committees to make clear and considered decisions based on an understanding of their accountability and responsibilities. The Holdings Board meets a minimum of six times a year, supported by Audit and Remuneration Committee meetings as required. During the pandemic, the formal meeting programme has been supplemented by regular shorter meetings to maintain close oversight of the business and support for the Chief Executive Officer. In addition, the Holdings Board monitors and approves a high level five year business forecast prepared by the Chief Executive Officer. The forecast is updated regularly to ensure that the projected earnings and cash flow meet underlying cash requirements that, together with the available debt facilities, provide the business with sufficient investment capital to deliver its strategic plans. The Group Executive Board (GEB) has a formal monthly meeting for the day-to-day management and leadership of the business. It will meet as necessary between formal board meetings to ensure the executive leadership team is aware and aligned to key business activities for the successful delivery of the longer-term strategy and the three business priorities set by the Chief Executive Officer at the start of the pandemic. Each business unit or business category has an operational Board chaired by a GEB member, which ensures key business decisions are made by executives with the most appropriate knowledge and industry experience and with responsibility for that business's success. All boards and committees receive regular and timely information to support their work, including reports on financial performance, commercial and market analysis, people and culture, health and safety, procurement, technical delivery, sustainability and risk status. The integrity of information is critical in allowing the Directors to exercise their duties and responsibilities. Key financial information is collated from the Group's various accounting systems. The Group's finance function has appropriately qualified staff in each business to ensure this information's integrity. The Audit Committee has clearly defined terms of reference outlining the objectives and responsibilities. The Audit Committee oversees the performance and independence of BOO, the external auditors. Financial controls are reviewed as part of an internal audit programme provided by KPMG LLP and their work schedule is set each year in agreement with the Audit Committee. Principle 4 - Opportunity and Risk The Group seeks to deliver sustainable, profitable growth opportunities that will benefit all its stakeholders whilst mitigating associated risks. Opportunity The GEB has worked closely with the Holdings Board to update and agree on the business strategy to ensure there is a clear vision for future development and growth-focused on our customers and consumers and reflecting on the Covid-19 pandemic challenges and the longer-term impact on consumer behaviour. Please see the Strategic Report from page 6 for further information. The GEB has a clear strategy for developing the business, focused on future opportunities. A number of strategic projects have commenced, sponsored by members of the GEB and monitored and managed through the transformation programme. These willstrengthen business capabilities and target new opportunities that willreinforce the continued sustainable, profitable growth of the business's existing heartland activities alongside new business.

Highlight [page 22]: Risk The Group Executive Board has overall responsibility for the Group's risk management framework. The Board delegates the ongoing review of the framework to the Risk Management Group, chaired by the Group Chief Financial Officer and consists of key senior managers who meet regularly throughout the year. The framework is designed to identify, consider, review and manage all key risks appropriately. The Group uses risk registers at the business unit level to capture the likelihood and impact of risks together with any relevant mitigation. This process is overseen by the Risk Management Group, which evaluate the impact of significant or common risks on Samworth Brothers and monitors the status of mitigating actions. The work of the Risk Management Group has been maintained along with the significant additional activities associated with the delivery of our response to the pandemic. Responsibilities The Group has a documented Group Authorities Manual to provide a framework of rules, processes and delegated authorities. Responsibility for financial and operational control rests with the Board of each operating business. However, certain decisions are reserved to either the GEB, the Chief Executive Officer or the Group Holdings Board. This ensures that all expenditures, investments and commitments are subject to the business's appropriate review and approval. Principle 5 - Remuneration The Remuneration Committee's primary objectives are: to record the philosophy and strategy for remuneration and development of the Chief Executive Officer, the GEB and the divisional boards of management. The philosophy shall ensure that we secure and retain the best people in our business to deliver the Group's strategic ambitions in line with its purpose and values. The remuneration policy shall cover: (i) Base salary (ii) Performance-related remuneration to align the interest of the Directors and the Shareholders and reward their individual contribution to the success of the Company (iii)Benefits in kind (iv)Pensions To determine the total remuneration package of the Group Chief Executive, including base salary, annual bonus, other incentive payments, benefits in kind and pension contribution and entitlements, on the recommendation of the Company Chairman In consultation with the Chief Executive Officer, to determine the total remuneration package of each GEB Director, including base salary, annual bonus, other incentive payments, benefits in kind and pension contribution and entitlements To approve the design of, and determine the targets for, any performance-related incentive schemes and approve the calculation and payment of all awards and To ensure the remuneration policy for members of the divisional boards of management is consistent with that for the Group Executive Board members. The Group continues to publish its Gender Pay Reporting highlighting specific focus areas for continued efforts to address and eliminate gender inequalities. Further detail on our Gender Pay Reporting can be found on our website, www.samworthbrothers.co.uk. The Group is an active equal opportunities employer and promotes an environment free from discrimination, harassment and victimisation. Everyone receives equal treatment and career development regardless of age, gender, nationality, ethnic origin, religion, marital status, sexual orientation or disability. All decisions relating to employment practices (including remuneration) are objective, free from bias and based solely upon work criteria and individual merit. Principle 6 - Stakeholders The Board is clear that good governance and effective communication are essential to deliver the business purpose and protect the Company's reputation and relationships with all our stakeholder communities. We consider our key stakeholders to be our shareholders, customers, employees, suppliers, lenders and the local communities in which we work. The Group strategy developed by the Group Executive Board aligns to the purpose, vision and values that underpin the whole business and is agreed by the Holdings Board and supported by the Samworth family.

Highlight [page 23]: The Group strives to meet the family's aspirations for the business to have financial sustainability and growth with social and environmental responsibility. All of our businesses serve a purpose that makes life better; food is something to be passionate about and brings us all together. At each board meeting, these objectives are measured and reported to both the Holdings and Executive Boards. The Board is committed to social responsibility, community engagement and environmental sustainability. It achieves this through its commitment to deliver a safe and sustainable business, ensuring the safety, health and well-being of everyone who works with us, and through working to provide a positive environmental and social impact. Our Colleagues All business areas have a consultative committee with a clear charter, defined roles and responsibilities and training for all. Each Committee agrees on an action plan for doing good in the local community in line with our responsible business plan. Further detail on how we interact with our colleagues can be found in the Strategic Report from page 6 and forms part of this report by cross reference. Health and Wellbeing Our people's health and wellbeing are important to us, this has never been so crucial than during the Covid pandemic. We strive to ensure that everyone has access to good medical advice and assistance, including private healthcare, in many of our businesses. Our Employee Assistance Programme provides a 24-hour personal service designed to provide professional, independent help and counselling to support our people through a variety of situations arising within work and family life. Some of our businesses have gyms that are available to all, whilst others organise fitness sessions or running clubs in which everyone can get involved. Our Communities Through donations and community projects, we support local activities and disadvantaged groups. We engage with local schools and career fairs to encourage young people to consider the food and drink industry as a career and to develop their life skills. Through our connections with local partners, we mentor secondary school and college pupils on interview techniques and CV writing. We are passionate about making a positive contribution to society and have developed links with organisations that support ex-offenders and ex-militarypersonnel, providing work experience and employment opportunities. Other community engagement activities include partnering with FareShare to provide surplus food for their network of charitable food redistribution. Our Environment Our achievements through The 4R Plan (Reduce, Reuse, Recycle and Recover), our internal action and communication programme, continue to deliver reductions in our environmental impact. Further detail on the action we are taking on climate change and the environment can be found in the Strategic Report from page 6 and forms part of this report by cross reference. Responsible Sourcing We work in partnership with our suppliers to source ingredients ethically and do business responsibly. We procure numerous raw materials from across the globe and work with our key suppliers and customers to ensure risks associated with these materials, in relation to human rights and environmental sustainability, are mitigated. Our compliance with the Modern Slavery Act is outlined in our Modern Slavery Statement, available on our website. We remain committed to sourcing and using Roundtable for Sustainable Palm Oil (RSPO) certified sustainable palm oil for our products. Sustainable seafood is an equally important area of focus and we have continued to source from Marine Stewardship Council (MSC) certified seafood. Our procurement and responsible sourcing teams continue to develop our sourcing principles in line with customer codes of practice and global sourcing guidelines, such as the UN Guiding Principles on Business and Human Rights.