
Highlight [page 11]: Corporate Governance Report Approach to Corporate Governance In accordance with the Large and Medium-sized Companies and Group (Accounts and Reports) Regulations 2008 (as amended by the Companies (Miscellaneous Reporting) Regulations 2018) (the 'Regulations'), for the year ended 31 December 2021", the Company has in its corporate governance arrangements applied the Wates Corporate Governance Principles for Large Private Companies (the .'Principles'). The following section explains the Company's approach to corpo.rategovernance, and its application of the Principles. • ·Fundamental to the Company's strategy are high standards of corporate governance. A Corporate Governance Framework is in place for Lloyds Banking Group, which sets- the approach and applicable standards in respect of the Company's corporate governance arrangements whilst addressing_the matters set out in the Principles.

Highlight [page 12]: DIRECTORS' REPORT (continued) •Corporate Governance Report (continued) This includes the matters reserved to the Board, and the matters the· Board has chosen to delegate to management, including decision-making on operational matters such 9 s those relating to credit, liquidity and the day-to-day management of risk, and the governance requirements of the operation of the Company outside of Lloyds Banking Group's Ring-Fenced Bank. Governance arrangements, including the Corporate Governance Framework, are reviewed at least annually to en.sure ttiey remain fit for purpose. The Corporate Governance Framework of the Company further addresses the requirements of the Principles as follows. • • • Principle One - Purpose and Leadership The Board is collectively responsible for the long-term success of the Company. It act)ieves this by agreeing the Company's • strategy, within the wider strategy of Lloyds Banking Group; and overseeing delivery against it. The Board also assumes responsibilities for. the management of the culture, values and wider standards of lhe Company, within the equivalent standards set by Lloyds Banking Group. Consideration of the needs of all stakeholders is funda~ental to the way the Company operates, as is maintaining th·e highest standards of business conduct, which along with ensuring delivery for customers, is a vital part of the corporate culture. The Company's approach is further influenced by the need to build a culture in which everyone feels included, empowered and inspired to do the right thing for customers. To this end, the Board (supported by one or more of its Committees) plays a lead role in establishing, promoting and monitoring the Company's corporate culture and values, with the Corporate Governance Framework ensuring such matters receive the appropriate level of prominence in Board and Executive decision-making. The Company's corporate culture and values align to those of Lloyds Banking Group, which are discussed_in more detail in the Uoyds Banking Group annual report and accounts for 2021. Principle Two - Board Composition The Company is led by_a Board comprising a Chair, Independent Non-Executive Directors, other Non-Executive Directors and Executive Directors; further details of the Directors can be found on page 3. The Board reviews its composition regularly, and is committed to ensuring it has the right balance of skills and experience. The Board considers its current size and composition is appropriate to the Company's circumstances and places great emphasis on ensuring its membership reflects diversity in its broadest sense, for example three out of eight Directors in office at 31 December 2021 are women, increasing to four following the appointment of Deborah Davis on 18 March 2022, and meeting from that date the Parker Review requirement to have at least one Black, Asian and Minority Ethnic Board member. New appointments are made on merit, taking account of the specific skills and experience, independence and knowledge needed to ensure a rounded Board and the diversity benefits each candidate can bring overall. There are a range of initiatives to help provide mentoring and development opportunities for female and Black, Asian, and Mi,:iority Ethnic executives within Lloyds Banking Group, and to ensure unbiased career progression opportunities. The Board is supported by its Committees, the operation of which is discussed below, which make decisions and . recommendations to the Board according to the matters delegated to them, in particular in relation to internal controls, risk oversight, ESG strategy, culture and financial reporting. Each committee has written terms of reference setting out its delegated responsibilities. Each committee comprises individuals with appropriate skills arid experiences and is chaired by a suitably skilled and experienced Chair. The committee Chairs report to the Board at each Board meeting. The Board periodically undertakes self-reviews of its effectiveness, which provide an opportunity to consider ways of identifying greater efficiencies, ways to maximise strengths and highlight areas of further development. The effectiveness reviews are commissioned by the Chair of the Board, assisted by the Company Secretary. In addition to considering the effectiveness of the Board, the effectiveness of the Board committees is also considered. The Chair also ensures that the individual performance of individual Directors is reviewed. Principle Three - Director Responsibilities The Directors assume ultimate responsibility for all matters which co_ncernthe operation of the Group's business, and along with senior management, are committed to maintaining a robust control framework as the foundation for the delivery of good governance, including the effective management of delegation though the Corporate Governance Framework. Policies are also in place in relation to potential conflicts of interest which may arise. The Board is supported by its Committees, which make recommendations on matters delegated to them under the Corporate Governance Framework. The management of all committees is in keeping with the basis on which meetings of the Board are managed, with open debate, and adequate time for members to consider proposals which are put forward. The Chair of the Board and each Board Committee assumes .responsibility with support from the Company Secretary for the provision to each meeting of accurate and timely information.

Highlight [page 13]: Corporate Governance Report (continued) Principle Fqur - Opportunity and Risk The Board oversees the development and implementation of the Company's strategy, within the context of the wider strategy. of Lloyds Banking Group, which_includes consideration of all strategic opportunities, The Board is also responsible for the long-term sustainable success of the Company, generating value for its shareholders and making a positive contribution to society. The Board agrees the Company's culture, purpose, values and strategy - within that of Lloyds Banking .Group more widely - and agrees the related standards of the Company, again within the relevant standards of Lloyds Banking Group. Further specific aims and objectives of the Board are formalised within the Corporate Governance Framework. • Strong risk management is central to the strategy of the.Company which, along with a robust risk control framework, seNes •as the foundation for the delivery of effective management of risk. The Board approves the Company's risk appetite, within the· wider risk appetite of Lloyds Ba.nking Group, and ensures the Company manages risk effectively, delegating related authorities to individuals through the Corporate Governance Framework and the further management hierarchy. Board level engagement - coupled with the direct involvement of senior management in risk issues - ensures that escalated issues are promptly addressed and remediation plans are initiated where required. The Companis risk appetite, principles, policies, procedures, controls and reporting are managed in conjunction with those of Lloyds Banking Group and, as such, are regularly reviewed to ensure they remain fully in line with regulations, law, corporate governance and industry best practice. The Company's principal risks are discussed further on page 38. Principle Five - Remuneration The Remuneration Committee of Lloyds Banking Group (the 'Remuneration Committee'), assumes responsibility for the Company's approach to remuneration. This includes reviewing and making recommendations·on remuneration policy as relevant to the Company, ranging from the remuneration of Executive Directors to that of all other colleagues employed by the Company. This includes colleagues where the regulators require the Company to implement a specific approach to their remuneration,·such as Senior Managers and other material risk takers. • Prir,ciple _Six - Stakeholders The Company as part of Lloyds Banking Group operates under Lloyds Banking Group's wider Responsible Business approach, which acknowledges that the Company has a responsibility to help address the economic, social and environmental challenges which the UK faces and, as part of this, understand the needs of the Company's external stakeholders, including in the development and implementation of strategy. Central to this is Lloyds Banking Group's Helping Britain Recover and Prosper plan, in which the Company participates, which seeks to gather stakeholder views through a dedicated materiality study, as overseen by Lloyds Banking Group's Responsible Business Committee. In 2021, the Responsible Business Committee determined that the Company and Lloyds Banking Group continued to demonstrate responsibility as a key priority, including keeping customers' data safe, supporting vulnerable customers, lending responsibly, supporting businesses and working with suppliers. The approach of the Board in respect of its non-colleague stakeholders is described _inthe separate s172 statement made in compliance with the Regulations, on page 7. The Company established a Board Sustainability Committee during 2019 to focus on the ESG Strategy of the Insurance business, and its alignment to Lloyds Banking Group's overarching purpose of Helping Britain Recover and Prosper in the future. Going concern The going concern of the Company is dependent on successfully maintaining adequate levels of capital and liquidity. In order to satisfy themselves that the Company have adequate resources to continue to operate for the foreseeable future, the Directors have considered a number of key dependencies which are set out in note 18; under principal risks and uncertainties: funding and liquidity in note 18(5) and capital position in note 18(4) and additionally have considered projections (including stress testing) for the Company's capital and funding position. Having consulted on these, the Directors conclude that it is appropriate to continue to adopt the going concern basis in preparing the accounts. • Information incorporated by reference The following additional information forms part of the Directors' Report, and is incorporated by reference. Content Section Disclosures required under the Companies Act 2006 and the Large and Medium-sized Companies and Groups (Accounts and Reports) Regulations 2008 Disclosures required by the Financial Conduct· Authority's Disclosure and Transparency Rule 7.2.SR -Statement of other stakeholder engagement Strategic report Note 18 (Risk Management)