
Highlight [page 6]: Corporate Governance The Company is a wholly owned subsidiary of Kingfisher pie and is therefore subject to the principles of the Kingfisher Subsidiary Governance Policy (the Policy). The Policy applies to all legal entities within the Kingfisher Group and encompasses seven overarching principles that each Group entity is expected to apply in pursuit of consistent and appropriate levels of governance. For further information on Kingfishers Corporate Governance policy, see pages 58 - 61 of the Kingfisher pie Annual Report. The Principles the Company is expected to uphold are set out below: Purpose and leadership An effective board develops and promotes the purpose of a company, and ensures that its values, strategy and culture align with that purpose. • The Company's purpose is to help its customers get the job done quickly, affordably and right first time, as well as to uphold the wider values of the group. All decisions that the board make are in pursuit of this purpose. Board composition and Directors' responsibilities Effective board composition requires a balance of skills, backgrounds, experience and knowledge, With individual directors having sufficient capacity to make a valuable contribution. The size of a board should be guided by the scale and complexity of the Company. The board and individual directors should have a clear understanding of their accountability and responsibilities. The board's p_oliciesand procedures should support effective decision-making and independent challenge. Each of the Company's Directors has their own area of expertise, and area of responsibility, requiring different experience and in-depth knowledge. When a new board member is introduced, their skills, experience and knowledge are all considered when ensuring that they are an appropriate addition to the board and for the specific area they are to lead.

Highlight [page 7]: Opportunity and risk A board should.promote the long-term sustainable success of the Company by identifying opportunities to create and preserve value and.establishing oversight for the identification and mitigation of risks. During the year, the board made a number of decisions with these considerations is mind. These were particularly evident as the Covid-19 Pandemic continued during the year, including the adaptations of our operating model to support the safe operation of stores and fulfil our role as an essential retailer during the national lockdowns, successfully facilitating working from home options across the majority of our office-based staff, repayment of cla-imedgovernment furlough support and supporting the NHS through donation of essential PPE. Remuneration A board should promote executive remuneration structures aligned to the long-term sustainable success of a company, taking into account pay and conditions elsewhere in the Company. The Boards remuneration is determined at a Group level. Bonus targets and payments are aligned with the Group's values and reflect both group and Company performance. The Directors' remuneration is disclosed in note 7. Stakeholder relationships and engagements Directors should foster effective stakeholder relationships aligned to the Company's purpose. The board is responsible for overseeing meaningful engagement with stakeholders, including the workforce, and having regard to their views when taking decisions. Much of this is discussed below in the ·s. 172(1) statement.