
Highlight [page 7]: Corporate governance statement For the reporting period, the Company applied the Wates Principles, in accordance with The Companies (Miscellaneous Reporting) Regulations 2018. This report sets out how the Wates Principles were applied. The Group recognises the importance of good governance and, whilst being a private, family-owned business, one of the core principles of the Group's strategy is that we are transparent, both in how we communicate with each other within the Group and externally, with the outside world. The Board delegates key matters and stakeholder engagement to its subsidiaries. The subsidiaries report back to the Board and/or Executive Management of the Company via various committees and periodic meetings, as part of wider risk management and internal controls in place across the Group, allowing the Board to demonstrate its oversight of any delegated responsibilities. The details regarding Company board meetings and key decisions made in 2021 are set out in the Strategic report on page 4. Each of the 6 Wates Principles have been considered individually within the context of the Company's specific circumstances and a short supporting statement is set out below to explain how each principle has been applied.

Highlight [page 8]: Corporate governance statement (continued) 11. Purpose and ILeadership 12. Board ;composition I • As set out in the Strategic report, the Group has ~"'clea;iy defined Vision and Purpose. The Board and Executive Management ensure that that the Group operates its' business in line with the Vision and Purpose. • • The Company's main role is oversight of its subsidiaries, being iconic retail brands: including Brown Thomas and Arnotts in Ireland, Selfridges in the UK and de Bijenkorf in' the Netherlands. These iconic retail brands provide leading retail experiences lo~ ,customers worldwide through its store network and online platforms. I• The Board is committed to a culture of strong ethical behaviour as embodied in: •the Group Values: to build trust, respect our world and to value creativity and innovation. in everything we do which together are central to the Vision and Purpose. : • Our Group Code of Ethics sets out standards of behaviours required from the' directors, team members and those we engage with, including our partners. • Our Selfridges Group Diversity and Inclusion Advisory Council, actively encourages, promotes and celebrates greater inclusion and diversity across Selfridges' Group as part of a culture built on respect and trust. The Council is also responsible for' monitoring progress and serves as a central point of accountability with particular: emphasis on shared Diversity and inclusion ambitions and ob1ectives. The Council has' . external representation to ensure the Company and its subsidiaries are informed by and' 'held to high standards. We are in the process of reviewing and refreshing the Council's' ·Terrns of Reference. - ___.,___··"··---------' • The Board, Executive Management and each of the Committees across the Group :consist of individuals who are appointed to their roles with consideration of skills,! Iexperience, capability and their ability to lead the business with effective and strategic! ! decision making. • Board meetings are held at least once a year and rnore often as required. In addition to approving any strategic and other key decisions, board meetings are held to approve the payment of any dividends, to appoint and remove directors, to approve the financial statements, as well as to approve other corporate reporting, such as the Group's tax strategy and modern slavery statement. ,. Other business may be addressed as required at board meetings or through _j__~rittenreso_l~~?n_s_·.........................

Highlight [page 9]: r:i • All new directors and new members of the Executi~e Management team are' !Responsibilities provided with an orientation and training programme covering their duties and, re,sponsibi/ities. Corporate • The directors and Executive Management also have opportunities to participate in training when there are key changes in legislation and guidance, and they are kept up to, date on new market developments. This enables the directors and Executive Management to continue to be aware of the environment in which they make decisions: and ensure that their decision-making is underpinned by good governance.' All Board rnernbers and Executive Management have access to the advice and senvices of the Company Secretary. • • The directors and Executive Management are aware of their duties should conflicts 'of interest arise. A formal request asking directors to disclose any conflict or potential' conflict is sent out and collated once a year. The articles of association of the Company: contain conflict provisions to ensure that the directors do not breach their duties. These: , provisions also support the directors in their duty to exercise independent judgement. • The Company engages independent external advice on key matters as required. i • The Board, delegated to Executive Management as appropriate, reviews the! 'public reports required to be published by the Company and its subsidiaries each year,' including financial statements, gender pay gap report, modern slavery statement and tax strategy reports. • The Board is committed to reviewing and, where appropriate, improving its operational governance and ensuring that the Company's strategy, as well as the proper: discharge of directors' duties, are fully considered and demonstrably remain central to aU: Company decisions. I • The Group Risk Management Committee (RMC) meets bi-annually, and more: regularly as necessary. The RMC operates under its Terms of Reference which cover its' role, remit, quorum and purpose of meetings. The Terms of Reference are regularly: reviewed and updated as necessary. The RMC supports the Board in identifying and managing key corporate risks, identifying actions for directors and managers to address' or mitigate risks or to improve controls. The RMC meetings are chaired by the Group; Finance Director. • • The Board and the RMC are supported by Executive Management and other' senior team members from across the Company. The subsidiaries each have their own'. risk committees, which feed into the RMC. The RMC provides a bi-annual report and update to the Company's parent company. •• An Audit Committee is in place in respect of each of the operating subsidiaries. At least one representative of the Board sits on each Audit Committee. The Audit Committee; meetings take place bi-annually and are also attended by representatives from Group' Audit and Risk and Group Legal. . • The Company sets the agenda for the subsidiaries' Audit Committees to ensure' the Audit Committees cover all key areas required for appropriate oversight of subsidiaries. The Board discusses and approves the key topics and themes arising from previous Audit Committees. There are also audit and governance committees of the parent company' that are attended by certain of the Company's directors and representatives of Executive Management and senior team members as required. This provides a robust review of all; subsidiaries and ensures that the directors of the Company and its sole shareholder have oversight and an understanding of the principal risks and opportunities (as further detailed· below) within the subsidiaries' businesses and are able to satisfy their duties as directors: i of the CClrnpany.

Highlight [page 10]: 14:Opportunity and- • 1

R Risk The Board and the RMC are committed to regularly reviewing the Company's and its subsidiaries' principal risks and opportunities to ensure that these are adequately; addressed. This is with a view to ensuring the Company is promoting and delivering long' term value to the shareholder, in line with the Group's strategy. • Principal risks have been identified across the Company at a department, project and subsidiary level. Risks are assessed on a matrix of impact (financial and reputational) and likelihood, with target risks noted and a plan to address, mitigate or improve the risk position where possible. This is supported by input from the Audit and Risk Manaqement Committees. The key corporate risks are as identified on page 2 and page 3. • All risks have mitigation plans in place. • The directors regularly discuss and receive updates on key risk matters and ensure these are factored into decisions made, with appropriate controls in place such as policies, formal contracts with third parties and insurance coverage, each where' appropriate. • Significant capital expenditure projects are reviewed by senior individuals as part' ' against internal mechanisms and monitored on ongoing basis. • In light of the heightened risk to operations due to the Covid-19 pandemic, the; Group Risk Advisory Committee (Coronavirus) continues to monitor and advise on the: plarining, responsea_nd re~overyactivities of the_(;__ornpanyand its ~~sidiaries. 5. Remuneration 1 _ __ 16. Stakeholder 1Relationships and Engagement • The Group has a Remuneration Committee which reviews the compensation for defined senior team members of the Company and across the Group at least once per1 year. This is governed by the Remuneration Cornrnittee's Terms of Reference which' ,outline the Remuneration Committee's rernit and responsibilities. I • The Remuneration Committee ensures that each subsidiary has a fair and competitive reward framework based on grade, size of role and responsibility. Bonus: schemes are underpinned by the Company's financial and operating performance, including performance against social and environmental objectives. Individual performance, values and behaviours in line with the Group's strategy are also considered. • The Remuneration Committee meets at least three times a year. The meetings are: always attended by a representative of the shareholder to approve final decisions and support engagement. The Remuneration Cornrnittee also comprises an independent' a_~visorr1CJt_~irectlte111ployedby the Compa_rl}' • The Board regularly engages with its sole shareholder and ensures the shareholder is kept abreast of developments both at Company and subsidiary level. This includes Audit Committee meetings as referred to above, budget meetings and: strategic business reviews. in respect of each subsidiary's business. , • The Group HR function oversees an annual employee engagement survey acrossl I the Group, with surveys carried out during the year as required. The surveys are completed by team members across the Group. There is a robust process in place for analysis of the results and feedback is considered by the Board and Executive Management in decision' 1 making. 1 • As detailed in the Stakeholder Engagement Statement, the Board has delegated day-to-day engagement with key stakeholders across the Group to the respective subsidiaries and ensures oversight via regular engagement with the respective j_su,bsidiaries.