
Highlight [page 14]: STATEMENT OF CORPORATE GOVERNANCE ARRANGEMENTS For the financial year ended 30 September 2021, under The Companies (Miscellaneous Reporting) Regulations 2018, the Company has applied the Wates Corporate Governance Principles for Large Private Companies published by the Financial Reporting Council (FRC) in December 2018. The Wates Principles offer the Company an opportunity to demonstrate good practice and assess its corporate governance arrangements and set out below are details of how these six broad Principles are applied throughout its business. Principle 1 - Purpose and Leadership The Company is a member of the Siemens AG group of companies ("Group") and as such the strategic decisions of the Group have a major influence on the decisions of the Company. The purpose of Siemens is to serve society, create value for all stakeholders and make real what matters. The board of directors of the Company ("Board") is responsible for developing and promoting the Group's purpose in the UK and ensuring that the following values, strategy and culture align with that purpose:- c • Values- to act responsibly, excellent and innovative. • Strategy - the Group's four strategic priorities are: customer impact (putting customer impact at the very centre of Siemens); empowered people (driving progress through empowerment); technology with purpose (innovative technology will remain at the core of the future we're building) and growth mindset (continuing to learn and grow through curiosity, resilience and a willingness to adapt). • Ownership Culture - comprises of five elements: values; behaviours; leadership; people orientation and equity. These elements and the power of fostering an ownership culture are a unifying force within Siemens. The Group strives to further improve ratings in employee surveys for aspects of leadership, openness, diversity and innovation. On 1 October 2020 Siemens started a new chapter as a technology company focused on industry, infrastructure, transport and healthcare. During the year Siemens AG announced its new growth strategy which as well as being reflected in ambitious new financial framework targets also includes a comprehensive sustainability agenda. The Group wide DEGREEprogram has intensified the focus of all Siemens businesses on ambitious sustainability targets comprising of targets for environmental, social sustainability as well as good governance. Further details on the Company's Board and the way it functions can be found in the Strategic Report and other sections of this statement. Principle 2 - Board Composition Board membership is comprised of the Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer and General Counsel who have high levels of experience and knowledge of their respective functions and bring together business, commercial, financial and legal skills and expertise. The Board believe that its size, diversity and experience are appropriate to meet the strategic needs and challenges of the business and to enable effective decision-making. The Board has ultimate responsibility for promoting diversity and inclusion and this is also evident at Board level with the Board being gender and ethnically diverse. Principle 3 - Director Responsibilities The directo.rs occupy positions of authority within the Siemens organisation and are jointly responsible for the management of the Company, leading and directing the affairs of the Company having regard to its business policy and corporate strategy. The Board receives regular updates on business and financial performance, human resources, legal,. compliance, and environmental, health and safety matters. The Board has reserved certain principal matters for its own approval whilst the day to day management of the Company is undertaken by the CEO and the Senior Leadership Team ("SLT").All Board members are members of the SLTwhich is designated as a committee of the Board to support the CEO in the performance of his duties. The SLT plays an important business-focused and commercial role in the UK operations with representatives from each of the main businesses as well as leaders from corporate and governance functions including HR, EHSand BusinessDevelopment. Further corporate governance practices applied beyond legal requirements are contained in the Siemens Business Conduct Guidelines which are binding for all Siemens employees. The Siemens BusinessConduct Guidelines provide the ethical and legal framework within which Siemens wants to conduct its activities and remain on course for success.They contain the basic principles and rules for conduct within the Company and in relation to its external partners and the general public. They set out how Siemens meets its ethical and legal responsibility as a company and give expression to our company values: "Responsible" - "Excellent" -"Innovative."

Highlight [page 15]: The Siemens compliance system aims to ensure that its business practices comply with the BusinessConduct Guidelines and obey all applicable laws. To this end, and to protect against compliance risks, the Siemens compliance system combines strong governance at company and group level with the presence of qualified compliance officers. They work closely with management and indeed all employees who assume personal responsibility for compliance in their respective areas. Secure reporting channels are in place for all employees and external stakeholders to report violations of external and internal rules. Principle 4 - Opportunities and Risk The Board follows the Group's values when considering the impact of key decisions. The Group is setting the course for long-term value creation through accelerated growth and stronger profitability with a simplified and leaner company structure. More information on the risk management is set out in the Strategic Report. Principle 5 - Remuneration The executive remuneration is set by Siemens AG and structures are aligned across all Global Senior Managers (Senior Manager). Criteria considered for the appropriateness of remuneration are economic situation, company performance, future prospects and alignment with market practice. Furthermore it is based on the following principles: Compensation linked to performance: The Company's size and economic position is also to be reflected in Senior Manager's compensation. Exceptional achievements are to be adequately rewarded, while falling short of targets results in an appreciable reduction in compensation. Ensuring competitiveness: In order to attract outstanding candidates for the Senior Manager roles and to retain them for the long term, compensation should be attractive compared to that offered by competitors. Focus on successful, sustainable management of the Company: Senior Managers are expected to make a long-term commitment to and on behalf of the Company. As a result, they can benefit from any sustained increase in the Company's value. For this reason, a substantial portion of their total compensation is linked to the long-term performance of the Siemens shares. Based on these principles Senior Manager's remuneration comprises both non-performance-based and performance-based elements and is divided into three main components: base compensation, short-term variable compensation and long-term stockbased compensation. Base compensation: Each Senior Manager receives base compensation for performing his or her duties. This compensation is paid in 12 monthly instalments. Basecompensation is defined taking into consideration individual performance and salary benchmark of the role. Short-term variable compensation (Bonus): The Management Bonus scheme is mandatorily applied to all Senior Managers globally. The plan design is focusing on high level business targets in line with external market trends and consistent to the bonus system of the Siemens AG Managing Board. Each Senior Manager will be given an on-target Bonus that is defined as a percentage of basic compensation. The percentage depends on the internal and external benchmark of the role. The payout amount of the Bonus depends on the Company's business performance during the past fiscal year. Long-term stock-based compensation (Siemens Stock Awards): Senior Managers are expected to make a long-term commitment to and on behalf of the Company. For this reason, a substantial portion of each Senior Manager's total compensation is tied to the long-term performance of the Siemens AG share. Benefits: Siemens offers a broad portfolio name a few. of benefits to all employees such as pensions, private medical, employee discounts to Similar principles and remuneration structures are applied to the rest of the Siemens workforce as appropriate. Principle 6 - Stakeholder Relationship and Engagement Information on this principle is set out in the Strategic Report on pages 3 to 8 in the section 172 statement.