
Highlight [page 47]: The Wates Principles and how they are applied

Highlight [page 47]: The Boardis committed to maintaining high standardsof corporate governance within the Bank.For the year ended 31 March 2022, the Board hasapplied the WatesCorporateGovernance Principlesfor Large Privat.eCompanies. Included within this section is an explanation of how the Board hasapplied the Wates Principles,information on the Directors and the activities of the Board and Board Committees. Where reference is made to disclosures made elsewhere in this document, these are incorporated by reference. Principle 1 Purposeand leadership "An effective board develops and promotes the purpose of a company, and ensures that its values, strategy and culture align with that purpose." The Boardhasapproved a CorporatePurposeStatement, which is for the Bankto be "atrusted partner for the long term".The Boardbelievesthat this Statemer,treflectsthe relationship-basedapproach the Bankadopts in carrying out its businessfor the benefit of its customersand all stakeholders.The PurposeStatementis communicated to the Bank'speople through the intranet. The Boardapprovesa Corporate Strategyannually. The strategy-setting processinvolvesconsideration by the Boardof high level strategic principles, including those of SMBCGroup,a strategy discussion meeting and review and challenge of the draft and final versionsof the strategy document. The Board overseesthe execution of ~hestrategy and holds executive management to account for its delivery. Businessdevelopments, progressagainst the strategy and relevantSMBCGroup strategic developments are considered by the Boardquarterly. The Boardconsidersmatters relatedto the Bank'sculture on a regularbasis,including the quarterly review of key riskindicatorswhich are designedto measureany risksarisingfrom eachof the Bank'sCultureStatements. Where issuesare identified through those indicators, managementis requiredto explain the remedialaction being taken,which the Boardchallengesas required.

Highlight [page 48]: Principle2 Board composition "Effective board composition requires an effective chair and a balance of skills, backgrounds, experience and knowledge, with individual directors having sufficient capacity to make a valuab.le contribution. The size of a board should be guided by the scale and complexity of the company." At the date of signing the financial statements,the Board comprised eight Directors,four of whom were executive and four of whom were non-e~ecutive.Three of the non-executive Directors, Alan Keir,PatriciaJacksonand Charlotte Morgan, are deemed to be independent in that they have no material businessor other relationships with the Bankthat could influence their exerciseof independent judgement. The fourth non-executive Director, KazuyaIkeda,is nominated by the Bank's shareholderand is not deemed independent. The Boardhasappointed a separatenon-executive Chair (Alan Keir)and Chief ExecutiveOfficer (KeiichiroNakamura) to ensurethere is cleardivision of responsibilitiesbetween the leadershipof the Boardand the executive leadership of the business.The overall composition of the Board is consideredthrough the annual effectivenessreview process,further detailson which are shown below. Appointments to the Boardare made on the basisof the candidate'sfitness and propriety for the role,which includes an assessmentof their competencies,skills,experience and values.When considering such appointments, the Nomination Committee also has regard to the level of experienceof the Boardcollectively in businessand other areasof management competency. The Board'sSeniorManagementAppointment and DiversityPolicysetsout the approachfor the selectionand appointmentof individualsto BoardDirectorand senior executivemanagementpositions.ThisPolicystatesa target that at least25%of the Boardwill be made up of women, while alsoensuringan appropriatemix of skills,experiencesand SMBC Bank International pie 48 competencieson the Board.The Boardalsocommits to taking positiveaction to sourceapplicationsfrom Asian,Blackand other Minority Ethniccandidatesfor Directorvacancies.At the year-end,25%of the Directorswere women. The Bankputs in place a bespokeeducation and development programme for all new members of the Boardand senior management,the purpose of which is to give those individualsthe information they need to become aseffective as possiblein their new role within the shortest practicabletime. In addition, ongoing education is provided to the Directorson significanttopics.These topics are typically suggested by the Directorsthrough the effectivenessreview,in Boardor Committee meetings or in discussionwith the Company Secretary.Topics presentedin the year haveincluded:financial·sanctions,cloud computing, sustainablefinance and climate risks,and opportunities arisingfrom new technologies. A review of the effectivenessof the Board,Audit Committee, Nomination Committee, RemunerationCommittee and RiskCommittee was undertaken in the year,facilitated by the CompanySecretary.This review focused on the degree to which improvements had been made in addressingthe findings of the prior year'sreview,suchas in enhancing certain management reporting, and sought views on areas of future Boardeducation and other aspectswhere it was believed effectivenesscould be improved, including on overall Boardcomposition. The Nomination Committee and Boarddiscussedthe findings of the review and put in place measuresto addressthem. In the financialyear ending 31 March 2023the effectivenessof the Boardand Committees will be reviewed by an independent external party.The terms of referencefor this review were agreed by the Chairof the 'Boardand Chief ExecutiveOfficer.

Highlight [page 49]: Principle3 . Director responsibilities Governance Financial Statements "The board and individual directors should have a clear understanding of their accountability and responsibilities. The board's policies and procedures should support ~ffective decision-making and independent challenge." Rolesand responsibilities The Directors each have in place a role description document, which is supported by a Board approved Corporate Governance document giving further information on the Directors' roles, including the following: Roles and responsibilities Role Responsibility Chairs of the Board and Board Committees - Ensuring that meeting members operate effectively as a team. - Encouraging, facilitating and managing debate, whilst achieving closure on items. - Ensuring appropriate time is allocated for the consideration of items. - Ensuring that members have sufficient time to consider critical issuesand obtain answers to questions or concerns they may have and are not faced with unrealistic deadlines for decision-making. - Ensuring that the meeting receives clear, accurate and timely information. Non-executive Directors - Provision of independent judgement on all matters related to the bank's strategic direction, leadership, performance, resources, risk management and overall governance. - Independent directors are particularly encouraged to challenge and test proposals on strategy. Executive Directors - Under the leadership of the chief executive officer, responsibility for running the bank's business. - Implementing the strategies and policies approved by the board. - Ensuring the board's decisions are implemented appropriately. - Executive directors are expected to be knowledgeable on all aspects of the bank's business, notwithstanding any responsibility they have for a particular area of business.

Highlight [page 50]: anagement and day-to-day running of the Bank. He is assisted in this by the other executive Directors and senior executive management and through the work of the Executive Committee and the executive-level risk and control committees. All Directors have access to the Company Secretary and the General Counsel and have the right to seek independent professional advice at the Bank's expense in the furtherance of their duties. Board and Committees The Board meets quarterly, and additionally when necessary. Between these meetings there is regular contact between the executive and non-execu.tive Directors. The Board has delegated certain responsibilities to its Committees as documented in their terms of reference. The Board and the Audit, Risk,Nomination and Remuneration Committees are each chaired by an independent non-executive Director. Board and Committee meeting agendas are set by the respective Chair in consultation with the Company Secretary. Agendas are structured to allow sufficient time to discuss all matters, with a particular focus on those items requiring approval or strategic consideration. The Chairs of the Board and Board Committees and Company Secretary also work together to ensure that all items requested by the Board and_Committees in their discussions are duly addressed by management. At the start of each year the Board puts in place a forward planner which is designed to assistthe drafting of meeting agendas. This planner is subject to regular review and revision to reflect the requirements and areas of particular focus of the Board and Committees. + Further information on the Board Committees is shown starting from page 59. SMBCBank International pie Annual report and financialstatements2022 50 Conflicts of interest All Directors are required annually to complete a questionnaire through which any potential conflicts of interest are identified. In addition, the independent non-executive Directors are required to seek the approval of the Bank and SMBC in advance of them being appointed a director of any other company so that any potential conflicts of interest with the Bank can be identified and, as necessary, managed. Information systems Multiple systems capture, record, process and store the financial and non-financial information used for reporting to the Board and Committees and for corporate reporting. A k_eyelement of this is the data warehouse, which is the source of allregulatory, tax, financial accounting, management accounting and risk reporting. There is a daily automated recon(iliation between the data warehouse and the general ledger and the Bank seeks to continually enhance these controls to ensure accuracy is maintained and to improve simplicity and transparency. The data used for reporting is also subject to both internal and external audit and provides assuranceto stakeholders that the data is free from material error or omission. External reviews are also periodically undertaken to provide further assuranceand recommend areasfor improvement or enhanced governance. External audit arrangements The Audit Committee has responsibility for managing the Bank's relationship with its external auditor, ensuring that at least every 10 years the external audit will be considered for re-tender. Each year, the Audit Committee reviews a letter from the.external auditor setting out how, in its view, its objectivity and inrlependence are maintained.

Highlight [page 51]: Principle 4 Opportunity and risk successof the company by identifying opportunitiesto create and preserve.value, and establishingoversight for the identification and mitigation of risks." Opportunity Medium-and long-term strategicopportunities are identified through the annualCorporateStrategydevelopment process. Any expansionof the businessinto new areasisconsidered in conjunction with riskappetite and is discussedby the Board.Short-termstrategicopportunities areconsideredby the executivemanagementteam and reported to the Board asrequired.In addition to businessopportunities,the Board considersopportunities to improvethe Bank'soperational efficiencyand capabilityto deliverthe strategy,suchas benefitsarisingfrom the automationof processes. Risk management The Boardis responsiblefor establishinga frameworkof controlsthat enablesriskto be managedand assessed.The Boardalsosetseachyearthe Bank'sRiskAppetite Statement. Processesare in placeto identify the risksto the business, assessingthe likelihoodof risksmaterialisingand their impact shouldthey materialiseand assessingthe robustnessof the controlsthat mitigate those risks.Theseprocessesare documented in the EnterpriseRiskManagementPolicy, ·which is reviewedand approvedannuallyby the Risk Committeeand Board.. Duringthe year,the B~nksriskmanagementarrangements and internalcontrol systemswere reviewedregularlyby the RiskCommittee and Audit Committee.Specifically,the Audit Committee hasoverseenmanagement'sprogressto enhancethe Bank'sframeworkof internalfinancialcontrols through improvementsto control monitoring tools and the documentationof processes.The Bankhasundertakenthis work to align with marketbest practiceand the proposals relatingto UKcorporatereform,and this hasbeen informed through the results of an external review, commissioned FinancialStatements by management, on the effectiveness of the Bank's internal financial controls. In addition to this activity: - through the RiskCommittee, the Direcr_orsconsider annuallythe adequacy and appropriatenessof the Bank'srisk management framework and assessthe effectivenessof the systemsof internal controls. Based on the annual review undertaken in respect of the year ended 31 March 2022,the Directorshaveformed the view that the Bank'sriskmanagementframeworkisadequate and that managementhastakenor istaking the necessary actionsto remedyanyweaknessesidentifiedthrough the operationof the Bank'sframeworkof controls.Thisreview considersthe resultsof an attestationprocessunder which the keyrisksfacing the Bank,along with relatedkeycontrols, areassessedand recordedby the headsof businessunits and functions;and - at its June2022meeting the Audit Committee received the resultsof a reviewundertakenby managementof the effectivenessof the internalcontrolsand riskmanagement arrangementsin relationto financialreporting.Through this reviewall controlswere ,:lSSessedaseither satisfactory _ or partiallysatisfactory,with action plansin placeto address the lattercontrols. On the basisof theseassessments,the Boardconsidersthe Bank'ssystemof internalcontrolsto be appropriate.The Bank's systemof internalcontrolsisdesignedto identify,evaluate and manage,.ratherthan eliminate,the Bank'srisksand can only providereasonableand not absoluteassuranceagainst materialmisstatementor loss. + Additionalinformationon the riskmanagement arrangementscan be found asfollows: - The RiskManagementand Controlssectionon pages 45 and 46 setsout the keyrisksto which the Bankis exposed. - The RiskReviewsectionon pages67 to 76 explains the Bank'sthree linesof defenceframeworkfor the managementof risk;the responsibilitiesof the riskand controlcommittees;and other keyelementsof the Bank's riskmanagementframework.

Highlight [page 52]: Principle 5 Remuneration "A board should promote executive remuneration structures aligned to the long-term sustainable successof a company, taking into account pay and conditions elsewhere in the company." The Bank'sapproach to fixed and variable rewards is set out in a RemunerationPolicy,which is approved annually by the RemunerationCommittee and the Board.With limited exceptions,this Policydoes not apply to employees of SMBCseconded to the Bank,the remuneration of whom is governed by rules established by SMBCin Japan. The RemunerationPolicyaimsto supportthe Bank'sVision and helpdeliverlong-termstabilityand sustainability, particularlyof the capitalbase,and promotesteadygrowth with a stronglinkto the Bank'sriskappetite.All employees areeligibleto participatein the annualperformance-related bonusschemewith variablepayoutcomesdetermined by the performanceof the Bank,eachdepartmentand the employee.Toencouragea cultureof collaboration, the bonusschemeemphasisesthe sharedpurposeof all colleaguesacrossSMBCGroupin EMEA,includingthe Bank. Principle 6 Stakeholder relationships and engagement "Directors should foster effective stakeholder relationships aligned to the company's purpose. The board is responsible for overseeing meaningful engagement with stakeholders, including the workforce, and having regard to their views when taking decisions." The RemunerationCommitteehasthe authorityto adjust the bonuspool and individualbonus paymentsat anystage in the annualpay reviewprocess,from the calculationand determinationof the fund itselfto the final distribution. The Bankensuresthat its remuneration processesinclude gender-neutral requirementsand ESGfactors, and support the Bank'swider diversity and inclusion work. The Bankhas uploaded its UKGender PayGap Report to the Government'sGender PayGap serviceportal and also publishesa Gender PayGap Report in France.The Bank believesthat these actions are key to driving a greater understanding and discussionwith its employees on gender pay. + The Bank'sGenderPayReportcan be found here: www.smbcgroup.com/emea/genderpay How the Bankappliesthis Principle + Information on the way in which the Boardconsiders stakeholders'interestsis set out on pages 14 to 21.