
Highlight [page 8]: Statement of corporate governance arrangements In the Smyths Toys UK Limited's trading structure the overall management, including governance lies with the management of the parent company Smyths Toys HQ UC. Under the Companies (Miscellaneous Reporting) Regulations 2018, the company has applied the Wates .Corporate Governance Principles for Large Private Companies (the "Wates Principles") as its framework for disclosure regarding its corporate governance requirements. Leadership - The Board promotes the values and culture of the company at all levels of the business. Policies • and protocols are in place to support the execution of these values across the company. Board Composition - The Board considers its current size and composition appropriate for the companyr The . directors have an appropriate combination of technical, financial and commercial skills and a detailed understanding of the Company's business. Directors Responsibilities - The directors review the financial performance of the company on a regular bas1s. The financial information and their knowledge of the business supports effective decision making. Opportunity and risk - The Board considers all major opportunities for the company while seeking to limit r1sk. The key operational risks are outlined in the strategic report. Remuneration - The Board considers the renumeration· policy of the company and makes recommendations .. while considering the overall success of the company: Stakeholder Relationships and Engagement - The Board seeks to build and maintain effective relationships with key stakeholders, including employees, customers, suppliers, and regulators. Statement of directors' responslbllltles The directors are responsible for preparing the Annual Report and the financial statements in accordance with applicable law and regulation. • Company law requires the directors to prepare financial statements for each financial year. Under that law the directors have prepared the financial statements in accordance with United Kingdom Generally Accepted . Accounting Practice (United Kingdom Accounting Standards, comprising FRS 102 "The Financial Reporting · Standard applicable in the UK and Republic of Ireland", and applicable law). Under company law the directors must not approve the ·financial statements unless they are satisfied that they give a true and fair view of the state of affairs of the company and of the profit or loss of the company for that period. In preparing the financial statements, the directors are required to: • select suitable accounting policies and then apply them consistently; . • state whether applicable United Kingdom Accounting Standards,. comprising FRS 102, have been· followed, subject to any material departures disclosed and explained in the financial statements; • make judgements and accounting estimates that are reasonable and prudent; and • prepare the financial statements on the going concern basis unless it is inappropriate to presume that the company will continue in business. The directors are responsible for keeping adequate accounting records that are sufficient to show and explain the company's transactions and disclose with reasonable accuracy at any time the financial position of the company and enable them to ensure that the financial statements comply with the Companies Act 2006. The directors are also responsible for safeguarding the assets of the company and hence for taking reasonable steps for the prevention and detection of fraud and other irregularities.