
Highlight [page 15]: STATEMENT For the year OF CORPORATE GOVERNANCE ended 31 December 2021, under ARRANGEMENTS The Companies (Miscellaneous Reporting) Regulations 2018, the company has continued to adopt the Wates Corporate Governance Principals for Large Private Companies ("Wates Principles") (published by the Financial Reporting Council (FRC) in December 2018 and available on the FRC website). We set out below how the Principals have been applied throughout the year. The company ("Governance is committed Framework") to high standards of governance demonstrated in the company's corporate governance framework and comprehensive range of policies and systems. The Governance Framework summarises our approach to how we operate, why we do the things we do, and how we work together with our customers and stakeholders. The company’s approach to corporate governance will evolve as we environmental landscape, and the complex challenges that demand whilst maintaining our focus on our growth and core values. Principle 1 - Purpose and Leadership as a business respond to the ever changing economic and us to come up with innovative solutions and collective action For further details on the company’s purpose and leadership please see the s.172 statement located in the Strategic Report. Principle 2 - Board Composition For further details on the company’s Principle 3 - Director Responsibilities board composition please see the s.172 statement located in the Strategic Report. For further details on the director’s responsibilities please see the s.172 statement located Principle 4 - Opportunity and Risk in the Strategic Report. At South Coast Foods Limited we seek to maintain our high standards set by McDonald's whilst balancing the risks and are committed to conducting business ethically. By carefully aligning our risk appetite to McDonald's strategy, we aim to deliver sustainable long-term shareholder returns for McDonald's and Grant Copper. Inherent in each value is our commitment to be ethical, truthful and dependable and this is reflected in McDonald's Standards of Business Conduct which serves as a guide to making good decisions and conducting business ethically. Further, we strive to foster safe, inclusive and respectful workplaces wherever we do business and respect the fundamental rights of employees, which are: freedom from slavery and child labour; freedom to associate or not associate and collectively bargain; equal opportunity for everyone; a safe and healthy workplace; and freedom from discrimination and harassment. Where the company may affect the human rights of particularly vulnerable groups, such as migrant labourers, indigenous peoples, women, or children, we are also guided by other international standards that elaborate on their ’rigms as well as McDonald's. McDonald's Corporation manages and McDonald's markets including the UK. Understanding and managing risk assesses risk at a segment and geographical level. Many risk factors span across all All of the company's activil involve the measurement, evaluation, acceptance and management of risk or combinations of risks. All employees are responsible for the management of risk, proportionate to the relevant employee's role and level of experience, with the ultimate accountability residing with the Board. We have a strong risk culture, which is embedded through clear and consistent communication and appropriate training for all employees. This risk framework underpins our strategic priorities, reinforced by the company values, helping us to identify current and future risks so that we may take decisions to prevent and limit risk while managing any material impact on our finances, reputation or business model. Business Planning The Board receives bi-annual reports from management on updates from all areas of the business including business strategy and insights, operations, IT & digital, and finance, which it takes into account in its discussions and decision making. Additional non-financial disclosures detailing the policies pursued by the company in relation to the workforce, the environment, social matters, human rights, anti-corruption and anti-bribery matters are also received by the Board.

Highlight [page 16]: The company's senior leadership also convene an annual planning meeting to discuss the activities of the company discuss the business plan for the upcoming year. This may include visiting company restaurants as part of this meeting. as well as The Board receive updates from McDonald's on McDonald's decision McDonald's deals with different policies and financial disclosures. making as well as updates and approaches on the Food in relation to how The Board determines those areas of the business that require formal annual sign-off, including: - financial reporting - an annual financial audit of the business is conducted - food hygiene, health and safety - periodic local authority audits are completed website and published Standards Agency - insurance cover - an update on the parameters of the insurance schedule (including claims updates) is completed annually and reviews of premiums for the following year are completed - compliance with employment practices - our Managing Director and People Officer present updates on the implementation of HR policies and internal people audits at the twice yearly Board meetings COVID

19 Pandem 19 Pandemic Health epidemics or pandemics can adversely affect consumer spending and confidence levels and supply availability and costs, as well as the local operations in impacted markets, all of which can affect financial results, condition and outiook. Importantly, the global COVID 19 pandemic disrupted global health, economic and market conditions, consumer behaviour and the Company's restaurant operations. Human Rights The Company strives to promote a working environment that is free from unlawful harassment, victimisation, bullying and discrimination. The Company regards all of its employees as members of a team where everyone's opinion is valued, everyone is regarded as equal in status and everyone must always be treated with fairness and respect. The Company's Diversity Policy exists to ensure that no job applicant or existing employee is treated less favourably on the grounds of their gender, age, marital status, disability, race, colour, sexual orientation, nationality, ethnic origin, religion or belief and that no-one is disadvantaged by conditions, requirements or practices which cannot be shown to be just and fair. The way we recruit and work should ensure that employees are selected, promoted and treated according to their ability and that everyone has an equal opportunity to receive training and development. Principle 5 - Remuneration All employees' base and bonus remuneration is benchmarked regularly against the market to ensure this is consistent with the industry and no Directors are involved in deciding their own remuneration. Directors are not compensated for their services as Directors. For the McDonald's appointee directors this role is considered to be incidental to their main employment roles within the McDonald's business. G R Copper is the owner and director of a management services company which receives a management fee calculated in accordance with the joint venture agreement. The Company strives to promote a working environment that is free from unlawful harassment, victimisation, bullying and discrimination. The Company regards all of its employees as members of a team where everyone's opinion is valued, everyone is regarded as equal in status and everyone must always be treated with fairness and respect. The Company's Diversity Policy exists to ensure that no job applicant or existing employee is treated less favourably on the grounds of their gender, age, marital status, disability, race, colour, sexual orientation, nationality, ethnic origin, religion or belief and that no-one is disadvantaged by conditions, requirements or practices which cannot be shown to be just and fair. The way we recruit and work should ensure that employees are selected, training and development. Principle 6 - Stakeholders promoted and treated according to their ability and that everyone has an equal opportunity to receive We aim to communicate with all parties in a way that meets their needs. We focus on open emphasis on the integrity, timeliness and relevance of the information provided. communication and fair disclosure, with Qur success comes from a commitment to relationships. A deep-rooted belief that we with our suppliers to deliver for the customers and communities we serve, are at our very best when we work together The Strategic Report includes further details on our engagement with our stakeholders.