
Highlight [page 16]: Corporate governance The group has adopted the Wates principles which are designed for large private companies in the United Kingdom. No companies within the group are currently large enough to meet the thresholds requiring the disclosure of corporate governance arrangements. The Wates framework recommends that companies consider six key principles of corporate governance: • purpose and leadership; • board composition; • director responsibilities; • opportunity and risk; • remuneration; and • stakeholder relationships and engagement. Their application to the group is explained in the following sections. Purpose aml leadership The group's purpose is to change lives through better sight and hearing. This helps guide the way in which we do business· and our ambitions are as follows: • Customer - Deliver outstanding value and be loved by every customer. • People - Be the place we are all proud to belong. • Growth - Be the clear market leader in every region, caring for 60 million customers

Highlight [page 17]: Board composition The board of the company is responsible for fulfilling the company's legal and fiduciary responsibilities. It achieves this in conjunction with two other bodies: the Specsavers Executive Committe (SEC) as described in the Str!ltegicreport; and the territory operating boards. The territory operating boards are internal committees, not linked to any one specific company within the organisation, but are responsible for the delivery of the Specsavers strategy within the context of each territory. The SEC directs the overall strategic development of • Specsavers globally; determines risk appetite and control measures; promotes professional standards, corporate responsibility and regulatory compliance; and upholds high customer service standards. The board believes that its composition includes an appropriate combination of skills, backgrounds, experience and knowledge, in line with the size and complexity of the group. Its size is also proportionate to its responsibilities. SEC members come from a variety ofbackgrowids and are committed to promoting diversity and inclusion, at SEC level and throughout the whole organisation. The SEC acknowledges the importance of diversity among its members, and among other boards within the organisation, and the role this plays in helping the business achieve its long-term goals; ensuring we have the right people in the right place, at the right time. The SEC has approved a range of activities to promote diversity and inclusion at Specsavers. The company board, SEC and operating board members are each committed to ongoing professional development and consider that they have sufficient time to discharge their duties.

Highlight [page 18]: Dire

Highlight [page 18]: n matters are reserved for the SEC for its approval. These include: • the review and approval of annual operating plans; • budgets; • risk appetite; • performance targets; • credit or market risk limits; • acquisitions; • disposals; • investments; • capital expenditure or realisation or creation of a new venture that exceed certain thresholds; • specified senior appointments; and • any substantial change in balance sheet management policy. The SEC is responsible for maintaining and reviewing the effectiveness of risk management and internal control systems, and for detetmining the level and types of risks Specsavers is willing to take in achieving its strategic objectives. It is also responsible for matters relating to finance, corporate governance, remuneration and effective succession planning. These matters are determined by the SEC as a whole, rather than being delegated to subcommittees. To meet internal control requirements, procedures have been designed for safeguarding assets against unauthorised use or disposal; for maintaining proper accounting records; and for ensuring the reliability and usefulness of financial infonnation used within the business or for publication. These procedures provide reasonable assurance against material mis-statement, errors, losses or fraud. They are designed to provide effective internal control within Specsavers and accord with the Financial Reporting Council's guidance for directors issued in 2014, regarding internal control and related financial and business reporting. The SEC confirms that the system of internal control operated effectively for the 2022 fmancial year. The operating boards use an extensive range of information sources to guide their decision-making, including financial information, key performance indicators, retail data, and colleague and consumer feedback. Comprehensive board packs are produced on a timely basis for each operating board meeting. They report regularly to the SEC.

Highlight [page 19]: Opportunity a11drisk The group creates value by striving to provide exceptional customer service; excellent professional care; and high-quality products, delivered efficiently and in a great retail environment. The SEC has put in place a clear risk management framework, and determines policies and procedures in relation to internal controls through clear interactions with senior management across Specsavers. The key risk management and internal control procedures include the following: • Adherence to the organisation's values: The Specsavers values laid out earlier outline the core principles within which the organisation must operate wherever we conduct business. The values overlay all other policies and procedures throughout the organisation. These values are mandatory, apply to and must be observed by all businesses within Specsavers, regardless of the nature or location of their activities. • Delegation of authority within limits set by the SEC: Subject to certain matters reserved for the SEC, the group directors have been delegated authority limits and powers within which to manage the day-to-day affairs of the group, including the right to sub-delegate those limits and powers to the relevant operating board for effective management of the group's day to day activities. • Risk identification and monitoring: Risk management occurs at different levels in Specsavers, with identification and assessment performed at the business unit, country, regional, corporate and Group levels to provide a 'top down' and 'bottom up' three-dimensional view of risk as set out in the risk management :framework. A robust assessment of the Principal and Emerging risks facing the company, together with a description of how they are being mitigated has been reviewed and endorsed by the SEC. Each Principal and Emerging risk has SEC oversight. • Changes in market conditions/practices: Processes are in place to identify new risks arising from changes in market conditions/practices or customer behaviours, which could expose the organisation to heightened risk of loss or reputational damage. Specsavers employs a top and emerging risks framework, which contains an aggregate of all current and forward-looking risks and enables it to take action that either prevents them materialising or limits their impact. • Responsibility for risk management: All colleagues are responsible for identifying and managing risk within the scope of their role, with the ultimate accountability residing with the SEC. • Strategic plans: Strategic plans are prepared for global businesses, global functions and geographical regions within the framework of Specsavers' overall strategy. Annual operating plans, informed by detailed analysis of risk appetite describing the types and quantum of risk that Specsavers is prepared to take in executing its strategy, are prepared and adopted by all major Specsavers operating companies, and set out the key business initiatives and the likely financial effects of those initiatives. The effectiveness of Specsavers' system of risk management and internal control is reviewed regularly by the SEC. Remuneration During the year the directors received remuneration from Specsavers Optical Group Limited, the parent company, in respect of all of the services they provide to the Specsavers Group. The directors act in a similar capacity for multiple group companies and it is not possible to apportion their remuneration accurately between these group companies.

Highlight [page 20]: Stakeholder relationships a11de11gagement The board has given extensive consideration to the group's impact on stakeholders including colleagues, cpmmunities and the environment, as described earlier in the Strategic Report. The group seeks regular and wide-ranging feedback from its customers and adapts its activities accordingly. Colleague feedback is obtained through regular surveys and interactions, which are generally provided on an ad hoc basis in relation to specific matters. The feedback received is then used to develop action plans to continue to strengthen the relationships between the business and its colleagues.