
Highlight [page 9]: Statement of Corporate Governance Arrangements The Company's ultimate parent, Phoenix Group Holdings pie is listed on the UK's main market and accordingly complies with the UK Corporate Governance Code 2018 (the 'Code'). The Company does not apply the Code but has established a governance framework which enables the Company to adopt the Wates Corporate Governance Principles for Large Private Companies 2018(the 'Principles'). The following statement demonstrates how the Company has applied the Principles. This is reviewed and challenged by the Board at least annually. The Principles The Company's application of the Principles The Company's purpose, values, strategy and culture are aligned with those of its ultimate parent company, Phoenix Group Holdings pie. The board has worked to support this during the year ended 31 December 2021. Principle One: Purpose and L_eadership An effective board develops and promotes the purpose of a company, and ensures that its values, strategy and culture align with that purpose. From a governance perspective, Board composition was adjusted during the year, thereby addressing a cross-directorship between the Company and its ultimate parent, Phoenix Group Holdings pie. The Board is an appropriate size given the scale and complexity of the Company, particularly as the Company's ultimate parent (Phoenix Group Holdings pie) and the Life Companies Board provide oversight of the Company's activities.

Highlight [page 9]: Principle Two: Board Composition Effective board composition requires an effective chair and a balance of skills, backgrounds, experience and knowledge, with individual directors having sufficient capacity to make a valuable contribution. The size of a board should be guided by the scale and complexity of the company.

Highlight [page 10]: rinciple Three: Director Responsibilities The board and individual directors should have a clear understanding of their accountability and responsibilities. The board's policies and procedures should support effective decision making and independent challenge. The Board has a governance structure in place with clear reporting lines to the Life Companies Board. Matters Reserved to the Board are clearly set out in the Board's Charter. Board meetings, as evidenced through the Board Minutes produced, are an open forum for directors to be robust and challenge the proposals presented. Principle Four: Opportunity and Risk A board should promote the long-term sustainable success of the company by identifying opportunities to create and preserve value, and establishing oversight for the identification and mitigation of risks The Board has considered opportunities for value creation and preservation in accordance with risk appetite and long term strategy set by the Life Companies Board and the Company's ultimate parent company board. Both the Group Head of Internal Audit and Chief Risk Officer have access to the Board to raise any concerns directly. The· operation of a three lines of defence model within the Company ensures that there is appropriate oversight, not only from the individual business unit, but also from the Risk function providing risk oversight independent of management and the Internal Audit function providing independent verification of the adequacy and effectiveness of the internal controls and risk management processes in operation. Principle Five: Remuneration A board should promote executive remuneration structures aligned to the long-term sustainable success of a company, taking into account pay and conditions elsewhere in the company. During the year ended 31December 2021,the remuneration of directors and senior managers was set and controlled by the Company's ultimate parent, Phoenix Group Holdings pie. Principle Six:Stakeholder Relationships and Engagement Directors should foster effective stakeholder relationships aligned to the company's purpose. The board is responsible for overseeing meaningful engagement with stakeholders, including the workforce, and having regard to their views when taking decisions. Governance structures and reporting lines are in place to enable feedback between the Company and its stakeholders by way of Group-wide policies and procedures to engage with the workforce, customers, suppliers, regulators and other key stakeholders. The activities of the Board in respect of relationships and engagement with the Company's stakeholders are described in the Stakeholder Engagement section of the Strategic Report.