
Highlight [page 15]: Statement of Corporate Governance The Board of Starbucks Coffee Company UK Limited (the "Company") recognises the importance of sound corporate governance and has decided to apply the Corporate Governance Code published by the Wates Corporate Governance Principles detailed out below. The Code was chosen as the most appropriate framework for the Company, having regard to its strategy as well as its size, nature and resources. The sections below set out the ways in which the Company applies the six principles of the Code in support of the Company's medium to long-term success. Principle 1: Purpose and Leadership Application (as set out by the Wates Principles) An effective board develops and promotes the purpose of a Company, and ensures that its values, strategy and culture align with that purpose. Starbucks Compliance The Company's strategy and business model are developed by the General Manager (GM) and her senior leadership team and approved by the Board. The senior leadership team, led by the GM, is responsible for implementing the strategy and managing the business at an operational level. The strategy sets the overall priorities for the Company, which are subsequently implemented via functional business plans and, at an individual level, personal objectives. Principle 2: Maintain the Board as a well-functioning, balanced team led by the chair Application (as set out by the Wates Principles) Effective board composition requires an effective chair and a balance of skills, backgrounds, experience and knowledge, with individual directors having sufficient capacity to make a valuable contribution. The size of a board should be guided by the scale and complexity of the company. Starbucks Compliance The Board comprises the Director/General Manager of Starbucks UK Limited and two directors from a fellow group company, Starbucks EMEA Limited. In 2020, these were N Allen, Chief Financial Officer of Starbucks EMEA Limited and R Marshall, Vice President of technology, representing Starbucks EMEA Limited; and A Rayner representing Starbucks Coffee Company (UK) Limited. The Company holds regular Board meetings and each director is asked to disclose any conflicts of interest in line with the Company's constitution. Principle 3: Directors Responsibility Application (as set out by the Wates Principles) The board and individual directors should have a clear understanding of their accountability and responsibilities. The board's policies and procedures should support effective decision-making and independent challenge Starbucks Compliance An informal evaluation process for Board performance has been followed to date. The Company will in the near term seek to formalise the assessment of the Board. The Board continues to follow UK and

Highlight [page 16]: EMEA policies and procedures which promotes the long term sustainable growth of the business in the market. Principle 4: Opportunity and Risk Application (as set out by the Wates Principles) A board should promote the long-term sustainable success of the company by identifying opportunities to create and preserve value, and establishing oversight for the identification and mitigation of risks. Starbucks Compliance The Company acknowledges its responsibility for reviewing the effectiveness of the systems that are in place to manage risk and to provide reasonable assurance with regard to the safeguarding of the Company's assets. The Company has an approval system in place, with senior approval required for significant store investment, capital expenditure and other purchases. All contracts are reviewed by the legal team, with external support as required, and must be approved by the GM and Finance Director (FD). The Company has set up a risk committee post the financial year end focused on the identification, evaluation and mitigation of risks. Principle 5: Remuneration Application (as set out by the Wates Principles) A board should promote executive remuneration structures aligned to the long-term sustainable success of a company, taking into account pay and conditions elsewhere in the company. Starbucks Compliance Two of the directors for the Company are non-executive directors who are not remunerated through the Company, one other Director for the Company has clear objectives and targets set based on the vision, performance and strategy of the business. Principle 6: Stakeholder Relationship and Management Application (as set out by the Wates Principles) Directors should foster effective stakeholder relationships aligned to the company's purpose. The board is responsible for overseeing meaningful engagement with stakeholders, including the workforce, and having regard to their views when taking decisions. Starbucks Compliance The Board is regularly updated on wider stakeholder engagement and feedback in order to stay abreast of customers, suppliers and employees' (partner) insights into the issues that matter most to them and our business. Our operation team build strong relationships with our licensees, which are underpinned by regular dialogue. Our procurement team engage closely with key suppliers, with the aim of ensuring that suppliers meet the Company's compliance policies on ethical trading, health & safety, anti- bribery, competition law compliance and anti-slavery. Our Pro team (HR) engage closely with partners on all levels, this occurs through regular meetings, regular one to ones, and half a year pulse surveys, in order for partners of all levels to feedback and have their views heard.