
Highlight [page 21]: Wates Corporate Governance Principles The Company has applied the Wates Corporate Governance Principles for Large Private Companies ("the Principles") published by the Financial Reporting Council ("FRC") in December 2018 and available on the FRC website at www.frc.org.uk/directors/corporate-governance-and-stewardship/governance-of-large-private-companies. Set out below is how the board has applied the Principles during the year ended 26 September 2021. Principle 1 - Leadership and Purpose The purpose of the Company and Group is to own and operate pubs, bars and venues that are at the heart of the local community. The strategic objectives, vision of the Group and focus of the directors and senior leadership team can be found throughout the Strategic Report. Principle 2 - Board Composition The board members are discussed on page 15. The board members and senior leadership team collectively hold a balanced range of skills and expertise and work together effectively to deliver the Group's strategy. Principle 3 - Director Responsibilities The board received regular and timely information on all key aspects of the business including risks and opportunities, the financial performance of the business, strategy, operation matters and sustainability. This allows informed and timely decisions to be made to protect the welfare of the Group; to allow opportunities to be taken where they are in the best interest of the Group; and to create and sustain long term value and growth. The board makes use of committees in order to effectively implement its strategy induding appraisal of Group assets to ensure that the greatest value can be realised from each site by applying the most suitable retail format and appropriate operating model. Principle 4 - Opportunity and Risk The board seeks out opportunities while mitigating risks in order to create and preserve the long term value of the Group. The key risks and mitigations are outlined in the Strategic Report on pages 7 - 9. • Principle 5 - Remuneration There was no remuneration or contributions to pension schemes paid for the statutory directors during the financial period. Principle 6 - Stakeholder Relationships and Engagement The Company has a range of stakeholders including the Company's ultimate shareholder, employees, publicans and suppliers: Mutually beneficial and sustainable relationships are developed and maintained in order to protect and grow long term value for both the Company and its stakeholders. Shareholders All business decisions are made by the board to ultimately enhance the medium to long term value of the Company and Group. Publicans and suppliers Maintaining good working relationships with publicans and suppliers has been particularly challenging during the pandemic since there has been a continual need for the Group to balance the strength of those relationships with the need to conserve cash. In order to support publicans the Group has provided rent concessions to the value of £41.million (2020: £19 million) and trade credits of £16 million (2020: £10 million). The Group works closely with its key suppliers and distribution partners to ensure good working relationships. Employees The Group actively engages with employees to pr.ovide support and engage in meaningful two-way dialogue over issues affecting employees. For further information see the Employees sections of the Strategic Report.