
Highlight [page 7]: Statement of corporate governance arrangements For the year ended 31 December 2021, under The Companies (Miscellaneous Reporting) Regulations 2018, the Company has applied and adopted the Wates Corporate Governance Principles for Large Private Companies (Principles). Board The Senior Management Team (Board) meet quarterly and is comprised of the board of Directors of the Company and the following senior management: Title Members Optimisation Committee (OpCom) Chief Executive Officer; Chief Operations Officer; Chief Human Resources and Health and Safety Officer; and Finance Director. Senior Managers Attendees Director of Legal & Ethics Officer; Communications Director; External Affairs Director; and Technical Development Director. Director of Public Sector Development; Senior Marketing Manager; Commercial Director - Projects; Head of Project Management and Chief Information Officer. Committees The Optimisation Committee (OpCom) structure has proved to be a critical component of our governance structure. The OpCom meets weekly and has been instrumental in maintaining focus between board meetings. As initiatives within the strategic plan have been progressing at pace the need for a decision-making body to meet regularly has been imperative. The OpCom is supported by the contribution of all the various committees. The Risk Committee, consisting of OpCom members and business unit and functional leads, ensures that inherent and emerging risks are identified and managed appropriately and in a timely manner, continuing its focus on monitoring the effectiveness of the Group's approach to risk identification, classification and mitigation. The SUEZ Group's Risk Management approach is articulated around a set of common beliefs leading to the definition of a mission statement with a number of high-level objectives. In the development of the Risk Management framework the following beliefs had a large influence on the approach retained: • Every manager is a risk manager; • The decision-making process should be systematically based on some kind of risk analysis; • Risk management will be successfully implemented if it is approached bottom-up and top-down; • This process requires a certain degree of formalism but through a light and flexible organization; • The better the Company is at understanding and controlling its risks, the better the decisions it can make about taking risks or avoiding them; • Not detecting a risk may be forgivable but not acting upon a detected risk is not; • Within Risk Management, internal and external communication is key. The mission statement for Enterprise Risk Management (ERM) as approved by the SUEZ Group Executive Committee is the following: "Through the implementation of a formalised risk management process, SUEZ Group will strive to speak a

Highlight [page 8]: common risk language across the organisation in order to enhance risk awareness and to improve decision making, with a portfolio view, whenever possible. Beyond pure compliance (assurance to the Board of Directors and the control authorities), the objective of Risk Management is to proactively protect long-term value for all the stakeholders of the Group and to capture new opportunities for profitable business growth." Risk is thus not only a threat: it is also an opportunity that has to be mastered. The main objectives of Risk Management are: • Increase risk awareness throughout the Group; • Improve visibility and exchange of information by using a common risk language and structure; • Create common methodologies; • Introduce risk review and management at all levels; • Implement common risk management strategies. The aim is to achieve a cultural change of attitudes and behaviours vis-a-vis risk exposure and related opportunities. To that end, the process will rely on a light but effective network of risk officers and risk specialists under the stewardship of the Chief Risk Officer. This network will be in charge of promoting the new risk management culture, preparing the change, making it happen and reviewing it. It will also aim at a common language, common methodologies and clear definition of roles and responsibilities towards risk management for both operational management and risk-related functions. This process will not withdraw risk management from the responsibilities of the operational managers. On the contrary, in order to perform their work effectively, the risk officers will have to collaborate closely with the business unit managers but also with the other relevant support functions across the Group, including amongst others, internal audit, finance, legal, insurance, health & safety and environment. Risk Management (RM) A member of the Board/Management committee sponsors and supports the process by communicating about the Group, selecting the people to be involved and determining the methodologies to use. In order to ensure coverage of all risks facing the business, the group is composed of people representing all aspects of the business (support, operational, regulatory, commercial and human resources), selected according to their knowledge, experience and ability to grasp new concepts and requirements. In addition to participating in the SUEZ Group Risk Committee which meets once or twice a year, the Company's RM Committee meet quarterly to review and discuss existing and new risks. The Committee also review action plans, produces and keeps up to date the Risk Register and on a more frequent basis, reviews some specific risk indicators including the following: • country and political risks (ratings, events etc.) • financial risks (currency, interest rates, commodity, risk exposures) • health & safety risks (workplace accidents, asbestos issues etc.) • environmental risks (compliance to norms on emissions, sites at risk etc.) • business continuity risks (physical and IT security, fraud detection etc.) • insurable risks (coverage, premiums, deductibles, loss control etc.) • other operational, commercial, legal and HR risks The five distinct steps of the Risk Management Process can be summarized as: Identification: Review all aspects of the business plan using interviews, brainstorming methods and risk catalogues in order to identify the risk areas. Risks may not necessarily be a high probability of occurrence but reflects only the fact that some assumptions supporting the business plan project may prove incorrect in the future.

Highlight [page 9]: Evaluation: Each individual risk is listed by assessing the likelihood, i.e. the probability of occurrence per time unit and the significance, i.e. the consequences of one occurrence in descriptive terms and if possible, in monetary terms. The weight or severity of the risk is then calculated by the probability of occurrence times the consequences and can be expressed in impact unit per time unit. Handling: Rank the risks according to their weight on the business then review each risk and decide the best method to reduce the probability of occurrence and/or to mitigate consequences e.g. by change to operations and maintenance procedures (i.e. modify the way we operate the business) or transferring of the risks to another party via an agreement (e.g. insure or hedge the risk) or change the business asset base (i.e. invest into new systems/equipment). • Business units are able to report their risks and associated weight, grouped by categories, ranked by importance or sorted by specific criteria which may be of interest to the Board of Directors and/or the Stakeholders. Reporting: The different risks are then consolidated in order to get a global view for the business. The top 10 risks (meaning the top 10 risk factors that can turn into either threats or opportunities) are then reported to the management. Learning: After each risk assessment an "After Action" review is performed in order to learri from it. A global evaluation of the Risk Management process and to communication of the lessons learned is performed annually. The lessons learned are shared across the SUEZ Group together with the methodologies and best practices. The SUEZ Risk Network is the vehicle for sharing this knowledge, using various IT tools such as a permanent Microsoft Teams room and the intranet central repository for policies and procedures. Each risk area within the business requires a specific combination of capabilities and based on the top risks faced, specific strategies were developed, and specific capabilities built to implement those strategies. Capabilities consist of processes, tools, people (skills) and technology that are designed and deployed in an optimal fashion regarding the RM objectives of the Company. In order to further improve its RM capabilities, the Company compares its practices with the "best in class" either inside or outside the Group. Internal communication on risks and methods is a key enabler for continuous improvement of the RM process. To be effective, communication is not only top-down but also bottom-up and horizontal across the Company. To embed the risk culture within the Company there is a formal employee learning process available on various systems including the SUEZ Group i-learning application, the intranet and SUEZ University amongst other initiatives. The Audit Committee's primary concerns are the integrity of the Group's financial statements; the effectiveness of internal controls; the performance of the internal audit function; the performance and independence of the external auditors; and the Group's compliance with legal and regulatory requirements. The Committee has clearly defined terms of reference, that are reviewed annually and which outline the Committee's objectives and responsibilities relating to financial reporting, internal controls, risk management and the application of appropriate accounting standards and procedures. The Group's Works Council committee is composed of elected employee representatives and members of the Group's leadership team as employer representatives and· provides a forum that employees can use, through their employee representatives, whose contact details can be found on the intranet, to share their views, ideas and contribute to the continuous improvements within the organisation or to raise a concern about general health and safety or another company-wide topic. Invited guests introduce themselves and give the Committee an overview of their role in the Group. During the year the committee covered the implications of Brexit, provided

Highlight [page 10]: health and safety updates and provided equality and diversity training. The Hays Panel, the Group's Remuneration Committee's primary objective is to set remuneration at a level that will enhance the Company's resources by securing and retaining quality senior management who can deliver the Group's strategic ambitions in a manner consistent with both its purpose and the interests of its shareholders.