
Highlight [page 9]: Statement of corporate governance arrangements Sytner Group Limited (Sytner Group Limited and all subsidiaries to be referred to as "the Group") operate under the same umbrella of corporate governance. Under the format of the Wates Principles, the corporate governance arrangements of the Group are discussed below. Purpose and leadership The Company, and the Group's, ultimate aim is to be considered the best company to work for in the industry and the best company to do business with. The Board meet regularly with management teams to analyse performance both financially and operationally and to plan for the future. The Company, and Group, holds regular conferences for different functions within the business which give the Directors the opportunity to communicate and reinforce their aims. The values of the Company, and Group, are introduced to all new employees during their inductions and access to the company handbook is available to all colleagues on the colleague hub along with the best practise-guide ("Toolkit"). The company handbook includes the Company's Code of Business Conduct and Ethics. The objective of Toolkit is to record in one place all of the best practices from around the Group, whilst also clarifying what the minimum standards are. This is not to standardise the business but to allow them to be controlled in a way which suits each franchise and geographic locality. Our internal audit function audits each business (based on risk and past performance) to check for compliance with the minimum standards. The Board monitor the culture of the Company, and Group, through annual colleague surveys, use of external benchmarking surveys, colleague turnover rates, minimum bi-annual colleague performance reviews and should a colleague leave the Group an exit interview is conducted. Should an employee wish to raise concerns about misconduct or unethical practices there is the opportunity to do so through supervisory or management personnel, or where the employee feels it is appropriate through a confidential hotline. Board composition The board comprises Directors with experience within motor retail, most of whom have worked for the Company or Group, for an extensive period of time. The board also includes a Director of the Company's ultimate holding company Penske Automotive Group, Inc. The operational management of the Company, and Group, is expanded to include further key members of management with other complementary specialisms. The Group holds regular meetings with its internal Diversity Forum, This group consists of employees and Directors and constantly looks at ways to improve diversity and inclusivity within the Group. Director's responsibilities The board have developed corporate governance practices throughout the Group which provide clear lines of accountability and responsibility. The Group, have a set of policies and procedures in place to manage internal affairs of the Company. These policies and procedures have been discussed above. The board make use of a selection of other committees to assist with the consideration of other areas of operation. The Company, and Group, have established formal and robust internal processes to ensure systems and controls are operating effectively, and that the quality and integrity of the information provided is reliable. The board rely on information including: • Financial reporting; • Key performance indicators; • Employee data; • Franchisor feedback; • Customer feedback.

Highlight [page 10]: Statement of corporate governance arrangements (continued) Opportunity and risk The Board assess risks posed to the Company on a regular basis, discussion of the risks identified are discussed in the strategic report. The Board considers opportunities to expand the current offerings as they arise, looking to the future the board considers the risks to which the Company is exposed and how future development could minimise the impact of those risks. Remuneration The remuneration of the Directors is controlled by the ultimate parent company Penske Automotive Group, Inc. under the remit of the Compensation and Management Development Committee. The charter for the Compensation and Management Development Committee does not form part of these financial statements but can be accessed via the Penske Automotive Group Inc.'s website. Stakeholder relations and engagement The material stakeholders groups recognised by the Company, and Group, would include the Company's workforce, the franchisors and the shareholders, being the ultimate parent Company Penske Automotive Group, Inc.