
Highlight [page 27]: Corporate Governance For the year ended 31 March 2022, the Company has applied the Wates Corporate Governance Principles for Large Private Companies as an appropriate framework for its governance arrangements. Principle 1 - Purpose and Leadership Tata Steel UK Limited (TSUK) is Tata Steel's principal 'operating company in the UK and an indirect material subsidiary of the Tata Steel Europe (TSE) and Tata Steel (TSL) Groups. During the year, TSE restructured its principal operating businesses in the UK and mainland Europe into two Value Chains effective from 1 October 2021. Until 30 September 2021, primary management and strategic direction of the TSE Group was carried out at TSE level and day-to-day management was conducted through the TSE Executive Committee. Following Separation, TSUK adopted new governance arrangements to reflect the UK Value Chain's size and complexity. At Separation, the TSUK Board became responsible for governance and oversight of the Company's business, including setting strategic priorities and monitoring the performance of the TSUK Group. From Separation and up to 31 March 2022, day-to-day responsibility for executive management of the TSUK Group was delegated to the Managing Director TSUK. In March 2022, following the resignation and departure of the Managing Director from the TSUK Group, the Board resolved to delegate that responsibility to a Management Team focused on delivery of the Company's annual plan objectives. In addition, the TSUK Senior Leadership Team, comprising the Management Team and other senior leaders, are collectively responsible to the Board for all the functional activities of the Company. Members of the Management Team and Senior Leadership Team report to the non-executive Chairman of the Board. During the year, the Board considered and adopted changes to the Company's governance arrangements including new delegations of authority and adaptations to the Company's management structure. It is expected that the Board will continue to review the TSUK Group's governance arrangements during FY2022/23. Following Separation, the TSE Board is principally concerned with assurance of the TSE Group's financial statements and further details of TSE's corporate governance arrangements can be found in the TSE Annual Report and Accounts. Tata Steel was established in India in 1907. Sir Jamsetji Tata, founder of the Tata group, believed that "in a free enterprise, the community is not just another stakeholder in business, but is in fact the very purpose of its existence". The vision of the TSL Group is to strive to be the global steel industry benchmark for value creation and corporate citizenship. It is expected that the TSUK Board will review the application of this vision in FY2022/23 to align with the purpose, strategic priorities, and key objectives of the UK Value Chain. The Company continues: to work with suppliers to shape a more sustainable future through partnering to source sustainable raw materials originating from responsible supply chains in line with the Group's Responsible Procurement Policy; to engage with customers to create sustainable solutions and products that society needs; to be an innovator of carbon-neutral steelmaking and demonstrate a commitment to the way sustainable steel is produced and delivered; to empower its people and engage and work with its communities, whilst creating value for the shareholder. All of these activities are underpinned by the Tata Values, which are outlined below. There are five core values which are shared by all Tata companies worldwide and which continue to direct the growth and business of these companies and inform expected behaviours and practices, These values are Pioneering, Responsibility, Excellence, Unity and Integrity and underpin the way the Company does business. The Company's purpose, values, vision, mission, strategy and key messages are communicated through internal communications and senior manager updates. The Management Team also use regular live streaming events to communicate key information, such as information on business performance, to the Company's employees. Principle 2 - Board Composition During the FY2021/22 financial year the board membership initially comprised four Directors, being one Director with primary executive responsibility for the UK Value Chain, who also acted as Chairman of the Board, and three Directors holding senior positions in the TSE or TSL Group, two of whom are also directors of the TSL board. On 8 March 2022, the Director with primary executive responsibility for the UK

Highlight [page 28]: Value Chain resigned and left the TSUK Group on 31 March 2022. Following this development, and in consideration of the size and complexity of TSUK and the UK Value Chain and the wider remit for strategy and performance, the Board restructured its membership increasing the number of Directors from four to six. In addition, one of the existing Directors holding a senior position in the TSL Group assumed the role of Chairman. Three senior representatives from the Company's executive Management Team, being the Chief Operating Officer, the Chief Commercial Officer and the Chief Financial Officer were appointed to the Board on 17 March 2022. These roles report to the Chairman of the Board who acts in a non-executive capacity in relation to the affairs of the Company. The Board's current composition is expected to allow it to continue to meet the strategic needs of the Company and the UK Value Chain and support effective decision making to meet its future challenges All members of the Board have extensive experience of the steel manufacturing sector, the wider Tata Steel Group and the markets in which the Company operates. The size and composition of the Board therefore remains appropriate for the size and complexity of the Company. Day-to-day management of the Company's business is now carried out by a Management Team comprising the Chief Operating Officer, the Chief Commercial Officer, the Chief Financial Officer together with selected functional senior leaders. Members of the Management Team report directly to the Chairman. The Board continues to have representation from different ethnic backgrounds. While the Board no longer has any women directors, the Board and the UK Management Team is conscious of the need to take steps to further enhance its diversity and that of the TSUK Group. The TSUK Group's Diversity and Inclusion Policy is currently under review and will be relaunched in 2022. TSUK does not have its own Nominations Committee as this is dealt with at TSL level. Any TSUK subsidiary board appointments are required to be considered by the Board. The Securities and Exchange Board of India (SEBI) monitors and regulates the corporate governance of TSL, which is a listed company in India. Board effectiveness reviews have previously been undertaken at Tata Steel Europe level. The TSUK Board effectiveness review, which was delayed due to the global pandemic, is expected to take place in financial year 2022/23 to assess the effectiveness of the restructured board. Principle 3 - Directors responsibilities Up to 30 September 2021, the Board convened meetings as and when required to discuss material matters affecting the Company and its subsidiaries, including health, safety and environmental matters, pension matters, liquidity and key commercial and investment decisions. Post Separation, the Board has met to review among other things, health and safety performance, financial performance and liquidity and any other significant items which materially impact TSUK. Directors' interests are reported at each Board meeting. At TSE Group level there have been established committees in certain areas. In particular, the Audit Committee has taken responsibility for the review and assurance of audit and legal compliance matters. The TSE committee structures will be reviewed in 2022/23. Safety, Health and Environment (SHE) matters are reviewed at TSL Group level by a SHE Committee. TSUK is represented at the SHE committee by the TSUK Chairman. Following Separation, the UK Value Chain is implementing new governance arrangements for health and safety. These will recognise the responsibility of the TSUK Board as well as the role of the Management Team working through the UK Health & Safety Management Committee, comprised of Management Team members and other senior leaders, including those with specialist health and safety expertise. Under the new arrangements TSUK will continue to report material health, safety and environmental matters which impact TSUK to the TSL SHE Committee. The Board receives regular information on all key aspects of the business including health and safety statistics, operational and financial performance, strategic matters, compliance and risk matters, stakeholder engagement, commercial and technical updates and market conditions. Board papers setting out proposals are required to include background, current status, rationale and business case, alternatives, financial analysis, stakeholder impacts, risk assessment and timeliries to help inform directors with their decision making. In addition, the Audit and Assurance function provides

Highlight [page 29]: additional assurance on specific key risks to ensure systems and controls are operating effectively. The Board continues to recognise the application of the TSE Group Policy Framework subject only to administrative changes necessary to reflect Separation. The TSUK Board has specifically approved new Delegations of Authority, which reflect the new operating and management structures. A full review of the Group Policy Framework as applicable to the Company's operations in the UK and elsewhere will be undertaken in 2022. Principle 4 - Opportunity and Risk The Board has considered for approval material and strategic projects, contracts and other opportunities (as defined by value and duration) in addition to monitoring the performance of the Company and the TSUK Group's longer term financial sustainability. From 1 October 2021, the Transformation Programmes of TSE's principal operating subsidiaries in the UK and the Netherlands are now under the remit of the respective subsidiary boards. Climate change and decarbonisation continue to be key risks and the Company is constantly seeking opportunities to work with a number of partners to address TSUK's sustainability and CO2 reduction objectives for a sustainable business in the long term, more information is contained in the Sustainability and Environment section of the annual report. The principal risks and uncertainties affecting TSUK and mitigating actions taken in respect of them are set out in the Strategic report on pages 4-8 of the annual report. An Enterprise Risk Management (ERM) framework has been deployed by the Board, in alignment with TSL's ERM framework. TSUK's Risk Committee meets quarterly and includes all members of the Management Team. The Risk Committee also has representation from the ultimate parent company, TSL. Its principal purpose is to assess and identify TSUK's most significant and emerging risks. In addition, monthly risk management sub-committees are held by each of TSUK's Chief Operating Officer, Chief Financial Officer and Chief Commercial Officer. The UK Value Chain has a Compliance and Integrity Committee (C&IC) which meets quarterly. There is a regular joint meeting with the equivalent MLE Value Chain Committee as a forum to discuss matters of common interest. Reports are submitted by the C&IC to the UK Board and to the TSE Audit Committee on a six-monthly basis. Principle 5 - Remuneration The Company has a policy which sets out TSUK's reward and recognition principles and the criteria describing key drivers for base and variable pay. TSUK follows a reward philosophy that will enable it to attract, retain and motivate the people it needs to deliver its objectives, is competitive in relevant markets, links to the achievement of the corporate objectives and follows the principles of being simple, objective and fair. TSUK reward processes support talent management and career development. External benchmarking is undertaken periodically to ensure alignment with good practice and the market, the input from which is used to inform decision making with respect to TSUK's reward and recognition principles. A Remuneration Committee has met at a TSE Group level as and when required to consider material matters including those which impact TSUK. Following Separation, executive management is no longer undertaken at the TSE level so the purpose and scope of the TSE Remuneration Committee will be reviewed in FY2022/23. The remuneration of TSUK Company Directors who hold positions in the wider TSL Group is a matter for the parent company, TSL. TSUK has published its Gender Pay Gap report for 2021. Further information in relation to the Gender Pay Gap is available on page 11 of the 2021-22 Annual Report and on the Corporate Governance pages of the Tata Steel Europe website (Corporate Governance i Tata Steel in Europe (tatasteeleurope.com)) Principle 6 - Stakeholder Relationships and Engagement The TSUK Board recognises the importance of effective communication with its stakeholders in order to deliver its purpose, vision, mission and strategy and ensure protection of TSUK's relationships, reputation and brand. TSUK's stakeholders include its shareholders, customers, suppliers, employees and employee representatives, pensioners, banks, Government bodies, and the local communities in which it operates. TSUK prioritise the health, safety and wellbeing of employees, contractors and other partners. Health and safety is particularly prominent in Management Team and senior leadership communications and management reviews. TSUK's health and safety ambition is Zero Harm and the health and safety annual plan and framework supports this ambition through engagement and communication with all the Company's employees, trade union representatives and

Highlight [page 30]: contracting partners. Regular meetings, briefings and health and safety culture surveys are then used to develop future areas of focus to move towards the ambition of zero harm. During the global pandemic in 2021/22, the Company operated an agile approach to working and many employees continued to work from home where appropriate to do so. To support the wellbeing of all staff, TSUK continues to collaborate with external partners to support the mental health and wellbeing of its workforce. In this regard, the Company launched its Mental Health and Wellbeing Policy in February 2022, with additional line manager training and resources to support an open and supportive culture. TSUK also held its first Mental Health Open day at the Port Talbot site in May 2022. More information with regards to employees is contained in the Employee section of the Business review in the annual report. Through the Peoplelink system, TSUK offers online learning and development courses accessible by employees, including a series of mental health modules as well as other health, safety and wellbeing training. TSUK deploys a number of strategies for employee engagement. With the effects of the global pandemic continuing during the first half of the year, digital media continue to be used to engage with employees, such as regular live streaming events to deploy performance updates and to communicate the strategy and goals for the financial year ahead. Regular employee surveys are conducted, the results of which are used to drive areas of continuous improvement for employee engagement. TSUK also engages with trade unions as appropriate. In 2021/22, the TSE Group engaged with employee representatives in relation to the proposed separation of the business. TSUK has also engaged with the UK trade unions with regards to material matters that impact the UK workforce. The TSUK Board includes directors of the ultimate parent company, TSL, and is therefore able to consider key matters in a wider Tata Steel Group context and to consider the interests of the shareholder on applicable matters. TSUK is required to report to the ultimate parent company on matters referred to in the Group Policy Framework in order to support the Tata Steel Group's corporate governance requirements. Following the Regulated Apportionment Arrangement in 2017, which separated the British Steel Pension Scheme from TSUK and certain affiliated companies, TSUK has a minority shareholder. The Company communicates and provides information to the minority shareholder in accordance with the reporting requirements set out in the Company's shareholders' agreement. Directors and senior managers with relevant areas of expertise liaise with Government bodies, including regulators, as appropriate. Further participation by TSUK is expected in FY 2022/23. The Company encourages suppliers to work with the TSE Group to create value for end customers, society and the TSE Group's shareholders. The TSUK Group continues to operate to a Responsible Procurement Policy which underpins TSU K's commitment to ensuring supply chain transparency which applies to all goods and services supplied to TSUK and their respective entire supply chains. The policy has the following principles: health and safety, fair business practices, environmental protection, human rights and local community development. A due diligence management system for the complete supply base has been implemented in order to identify applicable risks and take appropriate steps to mitigate them. Further information can be found on the Supply Chain Transparency pages of the Tata Steel in Europe website and page 26 of the annual report. Delivering an excellent customer experience is a key strategic priority for Tata Steel, and its business model, centred around direct engagement with customers aligned to market sectors allows for continuous feedback to support this. Tata Steel in Europe operates with one face to the Customer and evaluates performance through Voice of the Customer listening activities, including a regular Customer Satisfaction survey. The survey, carried out in 2021, covered overall satisfaction, support for customers during the pandemic and learning about customers' sustainability priorities, with results showing an overall increase in Customer Satisfaction Index compared to the previous survey. Results were deployed centrally and in the UK Value Chain, and outcomes and learnings from the survey have been integrated into relevant account plans and the strategic improvement activities. As a leading steel producer and part of the TSE Group, the Company is dedicated to managing its operations responsibly and to continuously improve to create a sustainable business in the long term, with sustainability at the heart of the Group's strategy. TSUK has set out its ambition to reduce CO2 emissions by 30% by 2030 with aims to be carbon neutral by 2050. TSUK is also a member of the South Wales Industrial

Highlight [page 31]: Cluster and engages with major industrial partner organisations in the Welsh region on decarbonisation related activities. More information with regards to TSUK's decarbonisation activities can be found in the Sustainability and Environmental section within the Business Review of the annual report and· in TSUK's sustainability report (TSUK Sustainability Report 2021.pdf {tatasteeleurope.coml TSUK is committed to working in partnership with its local communities to support their social and economic wellbeing. The TSUK's Community Partnership Programme provides investment in a range of sustainable initiatives that bring benefits to large groups within local communities. During 2021/22, TSUK continued to hold a number of its community events online due to the global coronavirus pandemic. Whilst there have been fewer events than in previous years, TSUK continues to promote Women in Steel with sessions held virtually with local partners. The Tata Kids of Steel events which are of series of inclusive and fun sports activities were cancelled in 2021 due to the pandemic and are set to resume in June 2022 in partnership with the Brownlee Foundation. TSUK's operations encompass large areas of natural habitat including a number of sites of Special Scientific Interest (SSls) in addition to meeting our responsibilities for these protected sites, TSUK encourages biodiversity on its sites through working with local partners and Natural Resources Wales to increase the biodiversity of its sites and the surrounding nature reserves in the UK. The TSE has a Confidential Reporting Line which allows employees and others to report potential concerns while remaining anonymous. A review of the TSE Group's business performance, processes and practices has previously been carried out as part of a Tata Business Excellence Model (TBEM) assessment in which assessors from other Tata group companies review the business against established criteria. Leadership is a key category of the assessment model and the assessors review the operation of governance in the Company. The TBEM process enhances value for all stakeholders and contributes to market place success, maximises enterprise-wide effectiveness and capabilities and delivers organisational and personal learning. At the end of the assessment, feedback is provided to the Board who then make recommendations for improvement. Following Separation, TSUK will undertake an assessment, which is expected to take place in 2023. Statement of engagement with suppliers, customers and others in a business relationship with the company TSUK's engagement with suppliers, customers and others with whom it is in a business relationship is addressed in the Strategic Report and under Corporate Governance, Principle 6 on page 28 of the Annual Report. Statement of engagement with employees TSUK's engagement with employees and the workforce is addressed in the Strategic Report and under Corporate Governance, Principle 6 on page 28 of the Annual Report.