
Highlight [page 43]: Corporate Governance For the year ended 31 December 2021, under the Companies (Miscellaneous Reporting) Regulations 2018, the Company has applied the Wates Corporate Governance Principles for Large Private Companies ("the Wates principles"). The key area of development during the year was the appointment of a new Chairman of the Board and the permanent appointment of a Chief Executive Officer as we begin to leave the challenges of the covid pandemic. The Wates principles and how Travelodge has applied these are given below: Principle How has Travelodge applied it Principle One: Purpose and Leadership An effective board develops and promotes the purpose of a company, and ensures that its values, strategy and culture align with that purpose. At Travelodge, our purpose is to provide affordable travel for everyone, offering our customers the best balance of location, price and quality to suit their travel needs. Our strategy is to make Travelodge better for our key stakeholders - customers, colleagues and investors, and for the future, underpinned by our new Better Future sustainability strategy. Travelodge's purpose and behaviours were initially set out in 2013, under the Board's direction, to guide the organisation's strategy, decisions, processes and culture. We continued our communication during 2021 through quarterly leadership events, remotely where necessary due to Covid-19, as well as through more regular senior leadership calls, support centre, regional and district meetings. The strategy was further updated in 2021 and communicated to the teams at our 2022 annual conference, which was held as a virtual event in January. Principle How has Travelodge applied it Principle Two: Board Composition Effective board composition requires an effective chair and a balance of skills, backgrounds, experience and knowledge, with individual directors having sufficient capacity to make a valuable contribution. The size of a board should be guided by the scale and complexity of the company. The Group has a separate Chairman and Chief Executive to ensure that the balance of responsibilities, accountabilities and decision making across the Group are effectively maintained. The Chairman plays a pivotal role in creating the conditions for overall Board and individual director effectiveness. On 25 March 2021, Martin Robinson was appointed as Chairman of the Travelodge Board. On 7 May 2021 Craig Bonnar the interim Chief Executive was appointed as the Group's permanent Chief Executive. Following the Chairman and permanent Chief Executive appointments, the Executive Committee, formed during 2020 to provide governance in the transition period, was disbanded.· The Board comprises a Chairman, Chief Executive, Chief Financial Officer and three owner appointed Non-Executive Directors. On 4 January 2022 it was announced that Helen Normoyle had replaced Jonathan Ford as the director nominated by Avenue Capital. One of these Non-Executive Directors works within the owner entity they represent and the other two were appointed by an owner entity, but work externally to their businesses. We are committed to further improving the diversity of our board as opportunities arise, within the constraints of our articles of association, which provide that the majority of our board-members are direct representatives of our shareholders, and therefore not appointed by the company. The appointment of Helen Normoyle further strengthens this commitment. The Non-Executive Directors between them bring experience in hospitality, digital, marketing, finance, audit and sustainability, in addition to perspectives and challenge from outside the sectors in which the Group operates. All Directors of the Board have access to company secretarial advice and may, if they wish, take professional advice at the company's expense. The duties of the Board are executed partially through committees. One or more Board Directors attend the relevant committees, including the Audit, Safety, Security and Risk, and Investment. During 2022, we expect to also formalise a Sustainability Committee.

Highlight [page 44]: Principle How has Travelodge applied it Principle Three: Director Responsibilities The board and individual directors should have a clear understanding of their accountability and responsibilities. The board's policies and procedures should support effective decision-making and independent challenge. Good governance supports open and fair business, ensures that the company has the right safeguards in place and makes certain that every decision it takes is underpinned by the right considerations. Whilst Board oversight is always maintained, key decisions are made by individuals and committees with the most appropriate knowledge and industry experience. The Board meets a minimum necessary. of six times a year, with further meetings convened as The Board delegates authority for day-to-day management of the company to the Chief Executive Officer. Certain governance responsibilities are delegated to other committees (Audit, Safety, Security and Risk and Investment) under a formal delegated authority framework approved by the Board. These committees include one or more Board Directors who support effective decision making. The Board receives regular, timely information on all key aspects of the business including Health & Safety, risks and opportunities, the financial performance of the business, strategy, .operational matters and market conditions, supported by specific Key Performance Indicators. Key financial information is collated from the Group's various accounting systems. The Group's financial function is appropriately qualified to ensure the integrity of this information and is responsible for remaining compliant with regulatory changes. Financial information is currently externally audited by PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP on an annual basis. Other key information is prepared by relevant internal functions. The processes for collecting data, as well as reporting of that data, are reviewed on an annual basis by the Group's Safety, Security and Risk function. During 2021 we commenced a programme to expand our internal audit capability and scope to broaden coverage of central functions, in addition to our hotels. We expect this to continue during 2022 in conjunction with understanding the impact of the Department for Business, Energy and Industrial Strategy ("BEIS") proposed reforms to internal controls which is expected to be issued during 2022. Principle Four: Opportunity Risk and A board should promote the long-term sustainable success of the company by identifying opportunities to create and preserve value, and establishing oversight for the identification and mitigation of risks. The Board seeks out opportunity whilst mitigating risk. Strategic opportunities are highlighted to and discussed with the Board at each Group Strategy review, typically on an annual basis. Short term opportunities to improve performance are also reviewed in the normal course of business. The Audit Committee, consisting of the Lead Non-Executive Director (as chairman) and one other Non-Executive Director, with the Company's external financial auditors and other Board and functional leads attending by invitation as appropriate, ensures that material risks both inherent and emerging are identified and managed appropriately. The Audit Committee meets every six months and continues to refine and improve the company's risk management framework and risk registers, working to ensure consistency across the functional areas of the company. The Strategic Report includes key risks that are monitored by the Audit Committee. The company's systems and controls are designed to manage, rather than eliminate the risk of failure to achieve business objectives and will always provide reasonable and not absolute assurance against a risk crystallising. We note the 'Restoring trust in audit and corporate governance' white paper, which was issued in 2021 by BEIS, seeking responses to the government's proposals to ensure that the UK's audit and corporate reporting framework does all it should to safeguard the interests of investors and other stakeholders. We expect the results of this white paper to be issued during 2022 and will carefully assess any consequences to the company

Highlight [page 44]: upon issuance.

Highlight [page 45]: Principle How has Travelodge applied it Principle Five: Remuneration A board should promote the long-term sustainable success of the company by identifying opportunities to create and preserve value, and establishing oversight for the identification and mitigation of risks. The Main Board is responsible for the Chairman's and Chief Executive's remuneration. The Chairman is responsible for other executive director's remuneration, which is reported to and approved by the Board. The appointment and remuneration of the Chairman and the Chief Executive Officer are amongst the matters reserved for the Board. Other key metrics reported to the Board on an annual basis are Gender Pay Gap, pay reviews versus benchmark and CEO pay ratio. Principle Six: Stakeholder Relationships Engagement Directors should foster effective stakeholder relationships aligned to the company's purpose. The board is responsible for overseeing meaningful engagement with stakeholders, including the workforce, and having regard to their views when taking decisions. and Accountability and transparency with stakeholders is key to the long term success of the Group. Travelodge consider their key stakeholders to be customers, colleagues, and investors, including shareholders, lenders, landlords and other creditors including key operational suppliers, local authorities and communities. Please refer to the Stakeholder Engagement section within the Strategic Report on pages 22 to 23 for a discussion of how we engage with each.

Highlight [page 46]: Board of Directors The directors of the company who were in office during the year and up to the date of signing the financial statements were as follows: Martin Robinson (Chairman) Martin was appointed as Chairman from 25 March 2021. Martin is also Chairman of Burger King UK, Parkdean Resorts, Inspiring Learning, and a Director of Majid Al Futtaim Ventures. He previously chaired Center Pares in the UK and Europe, as well as Wagamama, Casual Dining Group and Holmes Place Health Clubs. He has sat on the Boards of Disneyland Paris, Regus pie, Perry's, QCNS and Duke Street Capital. Martin has two children and his interests include keeping fit, skiing, football and music, and holds a Masters degree in Geography from Oxford University. Craig Bonnar (Chief Executive Officer) Craig was appointed as permanent Chief Executive Officer from 7 May 2021 having held this position on an interim basis since 1 January 2021. Craig joined Travelodge in 2017 as Chief Operating Officer, a role in which he had direct management responsibility for leading the Group's hotel operations across more than 550 hotels in the UK and Spain. On the 1 January 2021, Craig was promoted to Interim Chief Executive and sits on the Main Board. Prior to joining Travelodge, Craig spent more than twenty years with Asda Wal-Mart. During a career that began with a spell on the checkouts before joining the company's graduate training programme, Craig held a range of senior positions including managing director of the cleaning and facilities business City FM, operations director for Scotland & Northern Ireland, head of retail operations and vice president, store proposition and format development. Craig is married with three children and graduated from Heriot-Watt University with a Masters Degree in Economics. Jo Boydell (Chief Financial Officer) Jo joined Travelodge in March 2013, and has broad based finance experience in hospitality, leisure and retail. Jo held senior positions with Hilton Group pie, Ladbrokes pie and the EMI Group and was Finance Director at Mothercare and Snap Equity Ltd, the parent company of Jessops. As Chief Financial Officer, Jo is responsible for overseeing all of the Company's finance functions, as well as overseeing the legal, procurement and risk functions for the business. Jo is a Chartered Accountant and holds an Honours degree in Physics from Oxford University. Jo joined DFS Furniture pie in December 2018 as ari Independent Audit Committee on 1 April 2019: 45 Non-Executive -Director and became Chair of their • •

Highlight [page 47]: Ion Dagtoglou (Non-Executive Director, Ion was appointed on 25 March 2021. employed by and representing Goldman Sachs) Ionis an Executive Director at Goldman Sachs in the Asset Management Division. He is a director of several companies in which Goldman Sachs has private equity investments and focuses on asset management of other GS private equity investments. Ion joined Goldman Sachs Special Situations Group in 2002 until 2008. Then he worked as CIO of the Asset Protection Agency, an agency of HM Treasury overseeing the Asset Protection Scheme of RBS' risk portfolio until 2012, and as CIO of Candlewick Asset Management, a JV between Goldman Sachs and TPG managing a portfolio of UK mid-market private equity investment, before returning to Goldman Sachs. Thomas Hilger (Non-Executive Director, employed by and representing Goldman Sachs) Thomas is a Managing Director and Co-head of the European Multi-Strategy Investing (MSI) business in the Merchant Banking Division of Goldman Sachs. MSI is a fundamental investing platform that deploys capital in debt and equity securities as well as private instruments traded in the secondary market. Thomas joined Goldman Sachs in 2006 and worked in the Investment Banking Division covering Financial Institutions from 2006 to 2010 before transferring to the Merchant Banking Division. He holds Masters degrees in Finance and Business Administration from EM Lyon, France, and WHU Otto Beisheim School, Germany. Thomas resigned on 25 March 2021. Helen Normoyle (Non-Executive Director, member) Helen was appointed on 1 January 2022. representing Avenue Capital Group and Audit Committee Helen is a highly experienced marketeer with 30 years' experience in consumer marketing and market research across a range of sectors and geographies. A graduate of the University of Limerick, she started her career with Infratest+GfK, based in Germany. From there she moved to Motorola, where she held a range of roles including Director of Global Consumer Insights and Product Marketing and Director of Marketing. After working in broadcast and telecoms regulation at Ofcom as the Director of Market Research, she held Marketing Director and Chief Marketing Officer roles at the BBC, DFS, Countrywide and Boots, where she was also the Chair and Director of the Boots Charitable Trust. Helen is the co-founder of My Menopause Centre and a non-executive director on the Board of AIB (Allied Irish Banks). Jonathan Ford (Non-Executive Director, employed by and representing Avenue Capital Group) Jonathan is a Senior Portfolio Manager and Head of Europe Strategy, with responsibility for directing the investment activities of the Avenue Europe Strategy. Prior to joining Avenue in 2009, Jonathan was the Head of European Research based in London for the Distressed Products Group at Deutsche Bank, focused on European distressed and special situations investments across the capital structure. Previously, Jonathan was an Assistant Director in the Corporate Restructuring Group at Close Brothers Group, where he worked on a number of high profile Europ.ean restructuring and.distressed mergers and acquisitions transactions. Prior to joining Close Brothers Group, Jonathan was an Assistant Manager in the Banking & Capital Markets division of PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP {London). Jonathan received a B.S. in Economics from the University Jonathan resigned on 1 January 2022. of Birmingham {1996). Stephen Shurrock (Senior Non-Executive Director, representing GoldenTree Asset Management LP, and Chair of Audit Committee) As CEO of Lebara, Stephen is responsible for the operations across the Group and leading a team to deliver great value mobile services to its millions of customers. Lebara operates across a number of European countries and in the Middle East. Prior to joining Lebara, Stephen was Chief Commercial Officer of Travelport where he led Travelport's customer focused teams in Air, Agency, Hospitality and Digital Media. Travelport operates a Travel commerce platform across the world. Prior to this, Stephen worked in the mobile telecoms sector for 15 years at O2/Telefonica. Here he was the Chief Executive Officer of its consumer division across Europe and Latin America and focused on growing its digital businesses. Prior to that, he was the Chief Executive Officer of 02 Ireland and the Sales Director of O2UK.