
Highlight [page 8]: CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT Under The Companies. (Miscellaneous Reporting) Regulations 2018 corporate governance reporting requirements for Large Private Companies the company has applied the Wates Corporate Governance Principles for Larg~ Private Compan_ies as published by the Financial Reporting Council. The principles act as a framework from which the company can disclose its corporate governance arrangements under six principles. PURPOSE AND LEADERSHIP The board has developed a strategy and business model to generate long-term sustainable value to its stakeholders and is responsible for ensuring this strategy is clearly implemented throughout the organisation, and that it, along with the company values, supports appropriate behaviours and practices. BOARD COMPOSITION A list of Board members can be found on page five of the financial •statements. The composition of the board is predominantly made up of key shareholder and family members. The directors meet on a regular basis and meetings are c'alled as necessary to perform its functions. The key shareholder is an executive board member involved in the business on a day to day basis and is directly involved in all key strategic decisions made. DIRECTOR RESPONSIBILITIES The board members have clearly defined responsibilities and accountability ensuring key decisions are made by the individual with the requisite skill and knowledge. to meet the qroup's strategy. The directors review and oversee the group's policy in relation to risk management, safety and

Highlight [page 9]: environmental matters and regulatory compliance. The board receives regular financial information supported by Key . Performance Indicators (KPls). OPPORTUNITY AND RISK Strategic opportunities are identified and developed duri_ng the regular meetings of the board to support its long-term strategy. The Strategic Report identifies key risks to the business which are monitored by tble board on a . regular basis allowing for appropriate safeguards to be implemented to manage the risk to an acceptable level. The principal risks facing the group are set out in the strategic report. REMUNERATION Remuneration is set appropriately to secure and retain high quality people including its directors and senior managers. Remuneration is linked to the performance of the group as well as personal performance. The board reflects the diversity of the business and reflects our Gender Pay reporting wh_ich can be found on the company's website. STAKEHOLDERS The board considers how its activities may impact both current and future stakeholders and the company's brand and reputation. As referred to in the Strategic Report the board engages in effective communication with its stakeholders through, although not exclusively, direct dialogue, regular meetings, engagement surveys, vendor meetings and internal conferences and roadshows. During the year we have expanded the pastoral care we offer our people through several wellbeing programmes to assist them through changes in circumstance and to assist in paving a way to· return to work as appropriate.