
Highlight [page 15]: Corporate Governance THE EDRINGTON GROUP lJMrTED As a private business, Edrington is not required to follow the UK Corporate Governance Code. It is, however, committed to the highest standards of both governance and corporate citizenship, and therefore voluntarily observes those elements of governance and disclosure that are appropriate and add value both to the organisation and its stakeholders. Wates Principles The Board continues to adopt and apply many of the Wates Corporate Governance Principles for Large Private Companies (the 'Wates Principles') and this section outlines how Edrington has incorporated these Principles into its business operations. Principle 1 - Purpose and Leadership Edrington has a well-developed and defined purpose and strategy. Our vision, as set out in the refreshed Edrington 2025 strategy, is to give more by crafting exceptional ultra-premium spirit brands. VISION Givemoreby crafting exceptional ultra-premiumspirit brands MISSION BN-outt thr \\1'1ffil'sbest :tt r.-r.i,frinsncrJllion.,I :pirit brnncl~lool.wl~· 0t1r r.(tnsumr-r.s ,. Dd;.-., -101.Sa,.,. a..-. II. ~ d,, R,d,,Su::!, • Srmiulhmour lcadmhipln P.-adp . Ml\« a ftrt;a;L.'th.tcughnruwJ .\\"'minCrcamChilw 1>,,,h,poo, gm• ~bybcUJlngohr d,:at, md ap.tNlitln nttdrd IDdrlivrr ourwbior:I ORfnwtrtonarnl 1brw.sf1a i.iptlf.c--11111 mtuaim In arbol:annh,llik,m md Clffl1d m.iruag;nrna rlta.1tt ~rcn ttul«t CUI.TUR£ CMtla,ernnc-1l"'IHlrm,~edn,:,r,.ityof d1i11king VALU£S Gi,Uf Ok~1,-·,t'l'bJ~•, 4urrllr~~•~• 1111nun b~ lt.111iur11,n..-t«•°P"r\,.u N.•~~ua, Ra;m ~" •~t. '""'"'"' ,.,.d l111•fllll•·rtt' tl",-.1nb <01 rtU•"''-'~ u.1, p,ttu"""' ,Al fhr ~lul in •hi.:f\ •I!' <-,:•·ut•! l'C.'llllftM\iti-, rn:q,;,, ... 14-,out Emtll"d lt•rwi:rif) h1t1,•1tw-d,~·1-r1,,n, .,.. nuh. l\v fu~ t,ujftu•rf'J)· n, t·.-• .J'.li,I m•J•Mi\tr u,)11mM ,•iti:nt Sn;, .. ,._.,:u:1,fl,,.,-"' In 1lw-.,-,1i,,-,i••is 1.. Jl11.·tt .1•ll.,• l11.ll tu ti._., •:a\· - o> 11t,o1a<Ur•• cr1 ........ The Board fosters effective stakeholder relationships aligned to the Group's purpose. Further details on stakeholder engagement are included in the Section 172(1) Statement in this section of the annual report. Strategy and values are clearly articulated throughout the business at a variety of employee engagement sessions and events. These include our annual Edrington Leadership Conference, virtual townhalls led by members of the executive team and 'your voice' meetings with employee representatives. All employees have the opportunity to attend an annual Year in Review event delivered by a member of the senior management team. These engagement forums allow employees to understand financial and strategic plans and to ask questions of senior management. To monitor culture and to take account of the views of the workforce, Edrington has in place an employee engagement survey programme. The survey is run every two years, with pulse surveys operating at intervals in between. The Board assesses the results of the engagement survey and forms an action plan to put in place improvements. The management at Edrington also engages with recognised trade union partners through partnership meetings, held on a quarterly basis. The annual Board evaluation questionnaire also asks Board members to give feedback on the culture at Board level. Finally, the business also monitors absenteeism rates and uses exit interviews to assist in monitoring the organisation's culture. Edrington believes it has in place workforce policies and practices that are consistent with its values and with the long-term sustainable success of Edrington. The organisation also has established and transparent policies in relation to raising concerns about misconduct and unethical practices. Through its Speaking Up Policy, Edrington enables employees to raise matters of concern anonymously relating to the interests of others, or the interests of the Company.

Highlight [page 16]: 1 March 2022, the Board comprises the Chairman, two executive directors and four non-executive directors, and is supported by the Group Company Secretary. The roles of Chairman and Chief Executive are separated. The Board believes that its composition - its size, mix of expertise and balance of executive and non-executive directors - is appropriate and that it has an appropriate balance of skills, backgrounds, experience and knowledge, with individual directors having sufficient capacity to make a valuable contribution. A biography of each director can be found on the Group's website at www.edrington.com/en/edrington-leadership. Angus Cockburn is the Senior Director and is appointed on behalf of The Robertson Trust. Shinichiro Hizuka is appointed on behalf of Suntory Holdings Limited. Crawford Gillies, Stefanie Fitzgerald and Alice Avis MBE are considered by the Board to be independent directors. The Board's process on nominations is undertaken by the Nomination Committee and includes assessing the composition of the Board and its governance structures as well as considering appointments and succession planning. Further information on the Nomination Committee and other Board committees is set out in the "Board Committees" section below. Ev:1lw1tinn nf FffP.r.tivP.nP.l'll'I On an annual basis, each director is asked to complete an evaluation on Board structure, the governance process, strategy and leadership, before conducting a one-to-one interview with the Chairman. Based on the findings and the responses from each director, the Chairman prepares a report on the overall effectiveness of the Board, which is then discussed by the Board and any recommendations arising from it are implemented. In addition to the overall Board effectiveness reviews, the individual performance of executive directors is monitored in the Group's performance appraisal programme and by the Remuneration Committee. Furthermore, the Senior Director seeks feedback on the Chairman annually by way of a questionnaire filled in by both the non-executive and executive directors. The training needs of the Board and its committees are regularly reviewed. Emphasis is placed on ensuring that directors are aware of proposed legislative changes in areas such as remuneration, corporate governance.(including directors' duties), financial reporting and sector specific issues. All directors are also encouraged to visit the Group's operating locations, although such visits were again significantly restricted during the year due to the Covid-19 pandemic. The Board is able to approve potential conflicts of interest within the director group. Directors are required to inform the Board of any actual or potential conflicts which may arise with their other professional or personal interests. Principle 3 - Director Responsibilities The Board is collectively responsible for the long-term success of the Group. The Chairman is responsible for ensuring that the Board is effective and is led in the appropriate way. The offices of Chairman and Chief Executive are separate and distinct and the division of responsibilities between them is clearly established. The Board, which meets at least five times a year, has responsibility for defining and executing the Group's strategy, for reviewing trading performance and funding levels, assessing acquisitions and disposals, changes to the structure of the business and overall corporate governance issues. The Board also approves the Groups budget together with its annual report and financial statements. The Board retains overall responsibility for the Group's systems of internal control, including the financial controls designed to give reasonable assurance against material financial misstatement or loss. The Board believes the financial controls in place, together with the Edrington values, allow it to meet its responsibility for the integrity and accuracy of the Group's accounting records, and to provide timely and accurate financial information to enable it to discharge its duties. The directors attend all Board and relevant committee meetings. If directors are unable to attend meetings in person, by telephone or video conference they are given the opportunity to be consulted and to comment in advance of the meeting. Board papers are circulated at least five working days prior to each Board or committee meeting to ensure that directors have sufficient time to review them before the meeting and the chair ensures that sufficient time is made available for meaningful discussion. Documentation includes detailed reports on current trading and full papers on matters where the Board is required to give its approval. Day to day management and control of the business is delegated to the executive directors and they routinely meet together and with other senior managers as appropriate. Where required and appropriate, ad hoc committees of the Board are appointed to deal with matters which it is known will need to be dealt with between scheduled Board meetings. All directors have a responsibility to ensure that the strategies proposed by the executive directors are properly considered and challenged, and that the performance of the Group is monitored in the appropriate way. The Board has delegated certain responsibilities to established committees, details of which are set out in the "Board Committees" section below.

Highlight [page 17]: Principle 4 - Opportunity and Risk The Board promotes the long-term sustainable success of the Group by considering and assessing how the Group creates and preserves value over the long-term. The Group works to a five-year strategy cycle and the Board holds a two-day strategy session each year. A dedicated Strategy and Innovation team, reporting to the Chief Financial Officer, assists in the identification of future opportunities for innovation and entrepreneurship. The Strategy and Innovation team reports to each Board meeting and significant opportunities are considered and approved at Board level. The responsibility for risk management and internal control systems resides with the Board, with a framework to support the process for identifying, evaluating, and managing financial and non-financial risks. The Board regularly reviews the principal risks facing the Group including those that would impact its business model, future performance, and solvency. To assist with this, the Board carries out annual reviews of key strategic risks, emerging risks and effectiveness of risk mitigating actions, with the most recent being carried out in November 2021. Further details of the most recent review are set out on pages 10-12 of the Strategic Report. These reviews allow the Board to assess the Group's risk appetite and ensure that the nature and extent of the significant risks facing the business are identified and adequately managed. These reviews consider both the likelihood and impact of the relevant risks and ultimately determine which risks will be included on the strategic risk register. The Group Risk Management Committee maintains the strategic risk register and provides scoring on these risks. New and emerging risks are identified in several ways - through the Board directly, through the Group Risk Management Committee, or in a "bottom-up" process by the relevant Business Units presenting to the Group Risk Management Committee in scheduled reviews. The Audit Committee is responsible for the direct oversight of the Group Risk Management Committee and the internal control function. The Group Risk Management Committee reports to the Audit Committee and the Audit Committee chair attends at least one Group Risk Management Committee meeting per annum. The Board, through delegation to the Audit Committee and ultimately the Group Risk Management Committee, has established an internal control framework with clearly defined roles and responsibilities for those involved. Internal controls are assessed and reviewed on an annual basis and required action plans to address any control gaps are monitored on a quarterly basis by the Group Risk Management Committee. rmcIp e - emunera I0n Details of the Company's remuneration policy are set out in the Remuneration Committee section below on page 21. Directors' remuneration, which is determined by the Remuneration Committee, is benchmarked triennially with the assistance of independent specialist consultants. Edrington reports gender pay statistics annually and has in place a series of improvement actions and targets to ensure demonstrable progress towards our commitment of narrowing the gender pay gap. In our most recent gender pay gap report published in February 2022, reflecting the 2021 reference period, the mean gender pay gap of 12.9% represents a decrease of 2.3% (2020: 15.2%) and the median pay gap of 9.7% represents a decrease of 4.2% (2020: 13.9%). Our gender pay report, which explains these results in detail is available on the Edrington website. rmcIp e - a e o er ea ions Ip an ngagemen The Board fosters effective stakeholder relationships aligned to the Companys purpose. Further details on stakeholder engagement are set out in the Section 172(1) Statement below. This Board considers how the Groups activities may impact both current and future stakeholders, including impacts on the environment, with a particular emphasis on sustainability. Further detail on Edrington's sustainability strategy and programmes are included in the Corporate Sustainability and Responsibility section on pages 23-27. The Group maintains a website (www.edrington.com) to provide up-to-date, detailed information on the Group's values as well as its operations and brands, including sections on news and business performance. All significant Group announcements are available on this site, as are annual financial reports. The Group's corporate affairs team manages external communications and can be reached at corporatecommunications@edrington.com.

Highlight [page 18]: Section 172(1) Statement The Board's priority is to ensure that the directors have acted both individually and collectively in the way that they consider, in good faith, to be most likely to promote the success of the Company for the benefit of its members as a whole with regards to all its stakeholders and to the matters set out in paragraphs a-f of Section 172(1) of the Companies Act 2006. You can read more on how the Board have regard to the matters set out in paragraphs a-f of Section 172(1) in the following sections of this annual report: (a) the likely consequence of any decision in the long term (b) the interests of the company's employees (c) the need to foster the company!; business relationships with suppliers, customers and others (d) the impact of the company!; community and the environment operations on the (e) the desirability of the company maintaining reputation for high standards of business conduct a (f) the need to act fairly as. between company members of the Stakeholder Engagement Wates Principles - pages 13-15 Wates Principles - pages 13-15 Stakeholder Engagement - pages 16-20 Stakeholder Engagement-pages 16-20 Stakeholder Engagement - pages 16-20 Corporate Sustainability and Responsibility - pages 23-27 Stakeholder Engagement - pages 16-20 Effective engagement with our key stakeholders is critical to the long-term success of the organisation. Dialogue with stakeholders helps the Board to understand the effects of company policies and practices, predict future developments and trends, and align strategy. The table below sets out our key stakeholders, how we engaged with them during the year and, where relevant, the impact of that engagement on the strategy and the principal decisions taken during the year. The Board recognises that stakeholder engagement takes place at both the operational day-to-day level within the business and at a Board level. In all cases, the level of engagement informs the Board, both in relation to stakeholder concerns and the likely impact on decision-making throughout the year. The Board uses its regular meetings as a mechanism to address and meet its obligations under Section 172(1) of the Companies Act 2006.

Highlight [page 19]: Key Stakeholder Shareholders Principal Methods of Engagement The Company's principal shareholder is The Robertson Trust (the "Trust") and representatives from the Trust and from the Company meet regularly and where practicable prior to Edrington Board meetings, through the Trust's Investor Relations Committee (the "IRC").The IRC is the principal forum through which the Trust manages its investment in the Company, monitors the Company's performance and allows the exchange of ideas, thus providing an effective and meaningful engagement forum. The Chief Executive and Chief Financial Officer present Edrington's strategic plan annually, and at each meeting will provide an update on the performance and progress of the business. The Board also meets formally with the Trust on an annual basis to report on financial performance, strategic development and business outlook. In addition, the Audit, Remuneration and Nomination Committees report to the Trust on their respective activities. The Company also maintains regular dialogue with employee shareholders through a variety of mechanisms, including an employee engagement survey programme and regular Year in Review and townhall sessions (please see "Employees" below for more detail on engagement with employees more generally). The Company also recognises the importance of maintaining communication and dialogue with its other shareholders. The Company has an electronic Share Portal platform which allows shareholders to submit electronic requests to buy or sell Edrington B ordinary shares in the internal market and acts as a communication platform. The Company continues to review opportunities and explore methods of fostering further engagement and communication with shareholders. Each shareholder receives access to an electronic copy of the Group's annual report and audited financial statements, together with an unaudited interim financial report. How this influenced discussions stakeholder Board I and decisions group committee The Chief Executive and Chief Financial Officer brief the Board on discussions with shareholders and the views of shareholders are considered in the decision-making of the Board. The Board is aware that the priorities and strategic imperatives of shareholders will not all be the same. For instance, some shareholders may prioritise dividends, whereas others (particularly some employee or ex-employee minority holders of B ordinary shares) may prioritise share liquidity. The Board aims to understand the views of shareholders and to act fairly between members of the Company. After the uncertainty as a result of the Covid-19 pandemic the Board was pleased to be able to issue an interim dividend during the financial year in December 2021 and to declare a second interim dividend of 36p to be paid in July 2022. Employees The Group is committed to engaging employees at all levels regarding matters which affect them and the performance of the Group. The Board takes its responsibilities to hear and understand our employees' voices seriously and firmly believes that good corporate governance is underpinned by Board members meaningfully engaging with stakeholders, including the employees. Employees of the Group are given the opportunity to participate in share ownership as part of approved incentive and savings schemes and may continue to hold their shares in the Group after retirement. Edrington has in place an employee engagement survey. The survey is run every two years, with pulse surveys operating at intervals in between. Our most recent survey was conducted in April 2022, and we are pleased that our overall global engagement score increased from 73% to 74% particularly given the challenges faced since our last full Employee Survey in February 2020. Edrington also surveys its employees on important matters that relate to the Company's culture and values. Currently all employees can attend an annual Year in Review event delivered by a member of the senior management team. This allows employees to understand detailed financial and strategic plans for the performance year and beyond and ask questions of senior management. A report from the Group HR Director is submitted to each Board meeting and the results of employee engagement surveys are also presented to the Board. In 2020/21 we expanded our Your Voice forum globally, from what was initially a UK based forum to take account of the opinions and feedback of employees group wide. Attendees are appointed and represent a cross-section of employees in the business. The Chief Executive and Global HR Director attend each meeting in the UK with the regional leaders attending globally. The purpose is to support meaningful engagement with employees on topics that have a direct impact on employees such as organisational changes, sustainability, ways of working, learning and reward. Engagement with our employees and trade union partners and the paramount importance of employee safety have informed our decisions relating to Global Supply Chain operations in light of the Covid-19 pandemic. We engaged extensively with our trade union partners and employee representatives

Highlight [page 20]: Key Stakeholder Employees (contd.) Principal Methods of Engagement There are also regular townhall sessions, which have been held virtually, where members of the executive team host an interactive session encouraging questions, thoughts and opinions from the workforce. Executives and senior management at Edrington also undertake breakfast sessions aimed at fostering constructive and trusting relationships between executives and employees. There are also regular video interviews with executives and senior management which provide employees further insight into company performance and priorities. The Company has further developed its diversity, equity and inclusion (DE&I) strategy with a global DE&I working group that meets quarterly to support the design and delivery of this strategy. This working group currently comprises of ten DE&I focal points representing each of our business units and regions and the global co-chairs of our Balance employee network. The working group provides employees at all levels with the organisation and opportunity to input and feedback on our DE&I strategy and actions. How this influenced discussions stakeholder Board / and decisions group committee throughout the pandemic to develop safe systems of work across all our sites. We hold monthly partnership meetings to discuss matters to further improve our places of work and held numerous meetings to help facilitate business changes such as shift working. Joint Venture Partners and Co-Investors Regular interaction with our joint venture partners and co-investors takes place in several different forums. For instance, there are four Board meetings per year of the Highland Distillers Group and The 1887 Company Limited at which directors appointed by our partner William Grant & Sons are present. Similarly, there are three Board meetings of The Macallan Distillers Limited per year at which directors appointed by our partner Suntory are present. Board meetings are also held with our partners in respect of our joint venture distribution entities. A Brugal & Co., S.A. annual general meeting is held each year to which the minority holders of Brugal & Co., S.A. are invited and at which they can ask questions of the Brugal & Co. S.A. Board. The Chief Executive and Chief Financial Officer brief the Board on discussions with joint venture partners and co-investors and their views are considered in the decision-making of the Board. Customers We have regular engagement with our customers through face-to-face or virtual meetings, conferences and events. Quarterly and annual performance reviews are generally held by Edrington's commercial teams with our distributors, allowing for structured feedback from our distributors. Customers and channels are reviewed in annual Performance and Strategy Reviews, which are attended by, among others, the Chief Executive, the Chief Financial Officer, the Managing Director for Group Operations and relevant business unit and commercial teams. Engagement with customers informs discussion at these Performance and Strategy Reviews. During the year we engage with certain key customers on new product development and launches. Suppliers We have regular engagement with our suppliers through face-to-face or virtual meetings, conferences and events. The Company has formal quarterly reviews with key suppliers, which involve senior management and cover quality, service, commercials, innovation, key business updates, strategic reviews and our vendor rating scores. With other suppliers, we generally have bi-annual reviews. We actively engaged with key suppliers to ensure we had sufficient stocks of key raw materials and finished goods given the current risks highlighted around scarcity of supply and global uncertainty. Updates on significant supply chain activities and issues are provided to Board meetings and are considered and discussed by the directors. Engagement with key suppliers during the year informed the Board's discussions and decisions regarding the annual budgeting and long-term strategic planning processes for the Group.

Highlight [page 21]: Stakeholder Trade Associations Principal Methods of Engagement Edrington is an active member of the Scotch Whisky Association (the 'SWA'). The SWA is governed by a Council of 16 members, elected at its Annual General Meeting. Edrington has regular engagement with the SWA through a variety of forums and the Chief Executive and Chief Financial Officer serve on the SWA Council. At the international level, Edrington is a member of the Distilled Spirits Council of the United States (DISCUS), the Dominican Rum producers' association (ADOPRON), spiritsEUROPE (which represents producers of spirits drinks at the European level), and the Asia Pacific International Spirits and Wine Alliance (APISWA). Edrington's Corporate Affairs team regularly engages and actively partakes in the work of these trade bodies on pertinent matters, including understanding potential changes to the regulatory framework, promoting moderate consumption and advancing industry standards. How this stakeholder influenced Board I discussions and decisions group committee Where relevant, updates on engagement with the SWA, ADOPRON, DISCUS, spiritsEUROPE and APISWA are provided to the Board by the Chief Executive or Chief Financial Officer. Pension Trustees Edrington operates two principal pension schemes based on final pensionable salary in respect of Edrington Distillers Group and Highland Distillers. In addition Edrington UK also operates a defined benefit scheme. There are also several schemes based on defined contributions. The assets of the schemes are held separately from those of the Group. There is regular interaction between the chair of the pension trustees in respect of the Edrington Group and Highland Distillers defined benefit schemes and Edrington's Chief Financial Officer and Group Company Secretary. Route map meetings are also held twice annually with the pension trustees of the Edrington Group and Highland Distillers defined benefit schemes, including attendance from the Chief Financial Officer among others. In respect of the Edrington UK defined benefit scheme there is regular interaction between the chair of the pension trustees and the Finance Director of Edrington UK. The Chief Financial Officer and Group Company Secretary brief the Board on the views of the pension trustees on matters of relevance. The pension trustees of the Edrington Group and Highland Distillers defined benefit schemes agreed to postpone the deficit repair contributions for 12 months from March 2020 in light of the forecast impact of the pandemic. These have now been fully repaid and the deficit repair contributions are up to date. During the financial year extensive and constructive engagement took place between Edrington UK and the trustees of the Edrington UK scheme as part of Edrington's purchase of the 50% stake in Edrington UK which was previously owned by Beam Suntory. Lenders Our Treasury team is in regular contact with our banking partners and Private Placement note holders. Annual review meetings are held with our lenders where business performance, future plans and strategy are presented to our lenders and they have the opportunity to ask questions and give their views to management. The Chief Financial Officer attends these review meetings. In addition, regular updates on performances are shared with our lenders. The Company's lenders give their views on key areas of financial risk management strategy. These are regularly discussed by the Treasury Committee and additionally the Chief Financial Officer briefs the Board on the views of the Company's lenders. HM Revenue & Customs Edrington aims to develop and maintain professional working relationships with HM Revenue & Customs. Regular dialogue is maintained with our relationship manager and every three years the business has a Business Risk Review with HM Revenue & Customs which is attended by the Chief Financial Officer and Group Tax Manager, among others. The Chief Financial Officer briefs the Board on tax matters.

Highlight [page 22]: Key Stakeholder Government and Regulatory Bodies Principal Methods of Engagement Edrington is committed to working constructively with government and regulatory bodies across its office locations. Through our trade and industry associations (see above), executive directors and members of the Corporate Affairs team, among others, maintain open and positive dialogue with this group of stakeholders, building trust and reputation. all How this influenced discussions stakeholder Board / and decisions group committee The Company aims to comply with all laws and regulations wherever it operates, and we actively monitor changes to these requirements. The Chief Executive, Chief Financial Officer and Group Company Secretary brief the Board on the impact of relevant regulatory changes; this is assessed and considered when making decisions. Board Committees In discharging its governance responsibilities, the Board has established committees to provide oversight and guidance in certain areas on its behalf. Four principal committees report directly to the Board and are supported by a number of advisory committees as detailed below. Each committee is governed by terms of reference, or similar mandate, which define their purpose, duties and interaction with the Board, Company or other committees. Nomination Committee The Nomination Committee is chaired by Crawford Gillies and meets at least twice per year to assess the composition of the Board and its governance structures as well as considering Board appointments and both senior executive and non-executive succession planning. The committee is responsible for leading the process for new appointments to the Board and ensuring that these appointments bring the required skills, knowledge, experience and diversity to the Board. As part of this, the committee reviews the structure, size and composition of the Board to ensure it is made up of the right people to direct the Group in the successful execution of its strategy. The committee is also responsible for formulating succession plans for both executive and non-executive directors, as well as reviewing the overall talent and succession plans for Edrington's leadership group. Remuneration Committee The Remuneration Committee is chaired by Alice Avis MBE and meets at least twice per year. Together with the committee, the Group determines directors' remuneration policy with reference to an external triennial benchmarking review prepared with the assistance of independent specialist consultants. In addition, the committee recommends and monitors the level and structure of remuneration for senior management and reviews a number of reward initiatives and development programmes for all Edrington wholly owned businesses. The principles of Edrington's executive remuneration strategy, frameworks and programmes are designed to: • Apply a pay for performance philosophy that directly links executive reward to the achievement of individual results and the strategic goals and performance of Edrington; • Align remuneration to business outcomes that deliver value to shareholders; • Balance incentives appropriately to reward superior performance in the short term and sustained performance over the long term; • Drive a performance culture by setting challenging objectives and rewarding individual performance; • Be transparent, consistent and fair; and • Ensure remuneration is globally aligned but with local flexibility, where required, to be competitive in the relevant employment marketplace. Audit Committee The Audit Committee, chaired by Angus Cockburn, meets at least three times a year. The meetings are with the external auditors and senior members of the management team and finance function to discuss audit planning, review statutory accounts and address issues arising from the audit. It also considers the ongoing independence of the auditors and the effectiveness of the audit process. The conclusions of the committee are reported to the Board before the Board approves the annual results. The opportunity is taken for the committee to discuss matters with the auditors without management present through private sessions annually along with meetings outside of audit committee. The committee also addresses risk management and internal controls, where they receive presentations from senior members of the management team and finance function and approve risk management plans going forward.

Highlight [page 23]: ancial statements and audit The Audit Committee has reviewed the plan presented by the external auditors and agreed the scope of the audit work. During the audit process, the committee kept under review the consistency of accounting policies on a year-to-year basis and across the Group, and the methods used to account for significant or unusual transactions. During the year the committee reviewed the accounting treatment for the disposal of Highland Distribution Ventures' interest in Maxxium Espana and Highland Distribution Ventures Limited's acquisition of Beam Suntory's 50% interest in Edrington Distribution UK Limited (formally Edrington Beam Suntory UK Distribution Limited) as well as a detailed strategic review of the risk management and reporting plan. They also invited key regions and functions of the business to attend to give the committee updates on their respective areas. The financial statements were reviewed by the committee in detail prior to their submission to the Board. Following the audit, the committee discussed the issues arising and any matters the auditors wished to discuss. The committee also assessed the effectiveness of the audit process through discussion with the auditors. External auditor Deloitte LLP continued their appointment as auditors, and during the year, the Audit Committee monitored the relationship with the auditors and assessed their performance, cost-effectiveness, objectivity and independence. The committee will assess the effectiveness of Deloitte LLP's appointment in relation to the 2022 audit in October 2022. The Board is satisfied that the auditors are independent of the Group and that best practice is being observed. Deloitte LLP regularly report to the committee to confirm compliance with their own policies, procedures and ethical standards in relation to auditor objectivity and independence. The Audit Committee has established a policy in relation to the use of statutory auditors for non-audit work and will award work to the firm which provides the best commercial solution with reference to the skills, expertise and suitability of the firm. The Chief Financial Officer may approve specific engagements up to £25,000 cumulatively and the Chairman of the Audit Committee may approve specific engagements up to £50,000. Fees in excess of £50,000 are subject to approval of the full committee. There was an immaterial amount of non-audit fee work completed t:iy Deloitte during the financial year, this included secretarial services and certain government audits in overseas subsidiaries. Shares Committee The Shares Committee is chaired by Crawford Gillies and meets on an ad hoc basis as required by the chair. The committee considers and makes recommendations to the Board regarding the appointment of the independent valuers of the B ordinary shares of the Company. The committee is also responsible for a number of matters related to trading in the Company's B ordinary shares, including considering monthly trading requests and the registration of any transfers pursuant to such requests having regard to the Company's share trading protocol. The committee also considers requests for clearance to deal by restricted persons under the Company!; share dealing code, and makes determinations on whether particular facts, matters or circumstances constitute inside information for the purposes of the Company's share dealing code. Further information on the committees and other advisory sub-committees established by the Board is set out below. Committee Members Remit Nomination Committee Crawford Gillies (chair) Alice Avis MBE Stefanie Fitzgerald Angus Cockburn Scott McCroskie • reviews structure, size and composition of Board • recommends appointments and considers succession planning Remuneration Committee Alice Avis MBE (chair) Angus Cockburn Crawford Gillies • sets remuneration policy • sets executive director remuneration and incentives • approves annual performance objectives • approves granting of long-term incentives Audit Committee Angus Cockburn (chair) Stefanie Fitzgerald Shinichiro Hizuka • reviews and monitors financial results and reporting • approves audit planning • monitors internal financial controls • oversees external audit relationships • considers auditor appointment • reviews audit effectiveness

Highlight [page 23]: Fin

Highlight [page 24]: Committee Shares Committee Members Crawford Gillies (chair) Angus Cockburn Scott McCroskie Paul Hyde Remit • considers and makes recommendations to the Board regarding the appointment and reappointment or dismissal of the independent valuers of the ordinary B shares in the Company • considers and, if thought fit, approves shares trading requests in respect of B ordinary shares and any transfers pursuant to such requests having regard to the Company's share trading protocol • considers and, if thought fit, approves requests for clearance to deal by restricted persons in terms of the Companys share dealing code The advisory sub-committees established by the Board, whose remits are outlined below, comprise certain executive directors and senior members of the Edrington management team: Committee Capital Expenditure Committee Chairman Luis Garrido (Managing Director Global Supply Chain) Remit • develops five-year capital expenditure plan of • ensures evaluation of business cases and that resources allocated on an appropriate basis • ensures risks and interdependencies are clearly understood • manages liquidity requirements and post evaluation reviews Sustainability and Responsibility Steering Group Tim Patterson (Head of Sustainability) • ensures Edrington conducts business in a socially responsible and ethical way • setting and adhering to industry standards on responsible consumption of alcohol • identification and monitoring of performance against targets on environmental sustainability • in conjunction with The Trust and Edrington's network of Trust Ambassadors, ensures the business supports local communities in which it operates Marketing Code Committee Alice Avis MBE • sets marketing policy in compliance with industry standards to ensure responsible marketing practice • reviews marketing practice on an annual basis and maintains processes for complying with marketing code prospectively Group Risk Committee Management Lindsay Campbell (Group Finance Director) • identifies and evaluates principal risks • reviews the adequacy of risk management processes • recommends improvements in risk management processes • reports material findings to the Audit Committee Treasury Committee Paul Hyde • ensures compliance with the terms of group borrowing facilities • minimises financial risk arising from exposure to fluctuations in foreign exchange rates, interest rates liquidity and counterparty risk • determines hedging policy on interest rates and currency • approves significant decisions on commercial credit limits • monitors and approves cash signing authority in the Company IT Steering Committee Euan Fraser (Director of Business Technology) • ensures that the technology strategic plan aligns with business priorities and return on investment • approves proposed technology projects, and scrutinises ongoing activity • audits completed projects to ascertain effectiveness • oversees cyber security management and monitors cyber security improvements