
Highlight [page 72]: Corporate Governance statement For the financial year ended 31 December 2021 RBS pie hos again chosen to report against the Wates Corporate Governance Principles for Large Private Companies, published by the Financial Reporting Council (FRC) in December 2018 arid available on the FRC website (the Wates Principles). The disclosures below explain how RBS pie has applied the Wates Principles_in the context of its corporate governance arrangements. RBS pie Annual Report ond Accounts 2021 1. Purpose and leadership NatWest Group's purpose is established by the NatWest Group pie Board, promoted across NatWest Group and cascaded to subsidiaries including RBS pie. In February 2020, and following an extensive period of stakeholder- engagement, the NatWest Group pie Board approved NatWest Group's purpose and strategy. NatWest Group's purpose is 'we champion potential, helping people;far:nilies and businesses to thrive'. It has continued to • inform a·nd drive NatWest Group's response to the COVID-19 pandemic, acting as an important point of reference during Board discussions, debate and decision-making. The Board received its annual purpose update in December· 2021 which summarised progress in becoming a purpose-led bi:Jnkagainst the three purpose focus areas of Enterprise, Learning and Climate. It highlighted the progress ta date on embedding purpose and delivering against public commitments and the key ·areas of focus for 2022 as well as an update on • stakeholders' perception of NatWest Group and its purpose aligned to the A Blueprint for Better Business framework. NatWest Group's strategy is se_tand approved by the NatWest Group pie Board. The board of direct-ors of RBS pie (the Board) reviews and sets the strategic direction of the NWH Group and, a_sappropriate, the strategies for each of its businesses, within the parameters set by the NatWest Group pie Board. The Board also oversees the execution of NWH Group strategy and holds . executive management to account for its delivery. Further information on NatWest Group's· progress against its purpose and strategy can be found in the NatWest Group 2021 Annual Report and Accounts. The Boord assesses and monitors culture in several ways. During 2021 it received: - a presentation on the Banking Standards Board (now the Financial Services. Culture Board) 2020 Survey Annual Report and its review of the embedding of purpose in NatWest Group; . . - Colleague Advisory Panel reports which provided feedback on topics discussed in meetings. These included wellbeing . S\Jpport for colleagues, Retail Banking strategy, p1:1rpose, remuneration and the wider workforce, climate and ways of working; • • - One bank transformation programme spotlights oh • organisation, skills & culture whicr co~~red new ways of working, colleague journeys, colleague experience, career development, skills and capability, learning; wellbeing and inclusion; - Insights from the colleague_opinion surveys conducted in April and Septemb.er 2021. Key mea!iures included culture, purpose, building capability, inclusion, engagement and leadership; - a Culture Spotlight which provided an update on work to refresh the NatWest Group's values as well as an overview of cultural stren·gths, behavioural weaknesses, operating · model and future culture; • - Culture measurement reports which included insights and metrics to allow the Board to assess culture and understand future priorities: The reports used the ·A Blueprint for Better Business framework to report progress highlighting both positive trends and areas for improvement; and Board Business insights packs which included metrics on clJlture, purpose and inclusion:

Highlight [page 73]: The 6_ctivities described above hove supported the Boord in meetin.g the Wates Principle 1 requirement to ensure that purpose, values, strategy and culture ore aligned, within the wider NatWest Group governance structure. 2: Board composition The Boord hos 13 directors comprising the Chairman, two executive directors and 10 independent non-executive directors, one of whom is the Senior Independent ~irector. The names of the current directors and secretory ore shown on page 3.' The Boord considers that the Chairman was independent on appointment on_dthat all the non-executive directors ore independent. Non-executive director independence and individual directors' continuing contribution to RBS pie ore considered at least annually. • The Boord operates a Boardroom Inclusion Policy which ·reflects the most recent industry targets and is aligned to the Inclusion Policy and Principles applying to the wider NatWest . Group. The Boardroom Inclusion policy currently applies to the Boards of NatWest Group pie, NWH Ltd, RBS pie and NWB Pie. A copy of the Boardroom Inclusion Policy is available at notwestgroup.com. The Boardroom lncl~sion Policy's objectives ensure that the Boord, and any Committee-to which it delegates nomination responsibilities, follows on inclusive process when making nomination decisions. That includes ensuring that the nomination ·process is based on the principles of fairness, respect and inclusion, that all nominations and appointments ore mode on the basis of individual competence, skills and expertise measured ogsinst i<;lentified objective criteria and that • searches for Boord candidates ore conducted with due regard to the benefits of diversity and inclusion.· Throughout 2021 the Boord met the recommendation of the Porker Review with at least one member of the Boord being of Block, Asian or Minority Ethnic background and it intends to continue to meet that recommendation. At the end of 2021 the Boord exceeded the recommendation of the FTSE Women Leaders Review (formerly the Hampton-Alexander ·Review) of 33% female representation on the boards, with 38% of the Boord being female. • • The role of the Chairman is to lead the Boord and ensure its overall_effectiveness. This is distinct and separate from that of the Chief Executive Officer (CEO) who manages the business day-to-day. • All directors receive accurate, timely and clear information on all relevant matters and hove access to the advice and services of the Chief Governance Officer and Company Secretory. In addition, all directors· ore able, if necessary, to obtain independent professional advice at RBS pie's expense. The Senior Independent' Director acts as a sounding board for the Chairman and as on intermediary for other directors when necessary. NWH Limited 1sthe holding company for NatWest.Group's ring-fenced operations, which include the retail, commercial and pri~ote banking businesses. A common board structure is operated such that directors of NWH Ltd ore also directors of RBS pie and NWB Pie. Known collectively as the NWH Sub Group, the boards of these three entities meet concurrently. The com·mon board structure also applied to Ulster Bonk RBS pie Annual Report and Accounts 2021 72 Limited (UBL) until 29 July 2021 when a change in governance •arrangements wcis implemented following a transfer of UBL's business to NWB Pie. The Chairman, CEO and CFO remain directors of UBL to facilitate certain transitional arrangements. An integral port of NatWest- Group's governance arrangements is.the appointment of three double independent non-executive directors (DINEDs) to the Boards and Boord Committees, of the NWH Sub Group. They ore Francesca Bo~nes,Graham Beale, and Ion Cormack. The DINEDs ore independent in two respects: (i) independent of management as non-executives; ond.(ii) independent of the rest of NatWest Group by virtue of their NWH Sub Group only directorships. • The DINEDs ploy a critical r~le in NatWest Group's ring-fencing governance structure, and ore responsible for exercising • appropriate oversight of the independence and effectiveness of the NWH Sub Group's governance arrangements, including the ability of each board to toke decisions independently. The DINEDs also hove on enhanced role in managing any conflicts which may arise between the interests of RBS pie and° other members of NatWest Group. All NWH Sub Group directors who ore not DINEDs or_edirectors of NatWest Group pie. All DINEDs attend NatWest Group pie Boord meetings in on observer capacity. The governance arrangements for the Boards on~ Boord Committees of NatWest Group pie and the NWH Sub Group hove been designed to enable NatWest Group pie to exercise • appropriate oversight and to ensure that; as for as is • reasonably practicable, the NWH Sub Group is able to toke decisions independently of the wider Group. • The Boord is structured to ensure that the directors provide ·RBS pie with the ~ppropriote balance of skills, experience, knowledge and diversity, as well as independence. Given the nature of NWH Group's businesses, experience of banking and financial services is clearly of benefit and the Boord hos a number of director.s with substantial experience in those areas. In December the Nominations Committee reviewed, and the Boord approved, a refreshed version of the NatWest Group pie and NWH Sub ~roup Boord skills matrix. The Boord skills matrix reflects directors' self-assessment of the skills and experience they bring to Boord discussions, in line with pre-determined criteria aligned to current and future strategic priorities, including CEO/senior executive management; CFO/accountancy; Retail, Commercial and Private Banking; Financial Markets and Investment Banking; Environmental, Social and Governance (including climate); Customer Experience; Technology (infrastructure, cyber); . Digital and Innovation; Transformation; Government/ regulo_tory / public sector; Risk Management and Brood Financial Services. The Boord skills matrix will continue to be _considered by the Nominations Committee and the Boord, at least once a year. • Boord Committees also comprise directors with a variety of skills and experience so that no undue reliance is placed on any one individual.

Highlight [page 74]: The independent non-executive directors combine brood business ond commercial experience with independent and objective judgment . .They provide constructive challenge, strotegic guidance and specialist advice to the executive . directors and the executive monoge·ment teom, ond hold management to occount. Th~ balcince between non-executive and executive directors enables the Boord to provide clecir.ond effective leodership ocross·NwH Group's business octivities and. ·ensures no one individual or small group of individuols dominotes the Board's decision-making. The Board monitors the commitments of the Choirmon and directors and is satisfied ti-rot they are able to allocate sufficient time to enable them to discharge their dutie·s ond responsibilities effectively. Any additional external appointments require prior Board opprov~I. Each new director receives o formal induction programme on joining the Board, which is co-ordinated by the. Chief Governance Officer and Company Secretory ond tailored to suit the .requirements of the individual concerned. This includes visits to NatWest Group's mojor businesses and functions ond meetings with 'directors ond senior management. Meetings with • externol ouditors, counsel and stakeholders ore olso arranged as oppropriote. No new directors were appointed during 2021. All new directors receive o copy of the Director Handbook. The Hondbook·operotes as a consolidated governance support l'T_lonuolfor directors of NatWest Group pie and the NWH Sub Group, providing both new ond current directors with o single source of information relevant to their role. It covers o range of topics including NotWest·Group's corporate structure; the Boord and B~ord Committee operating model; Boord policies and processes and o range of technical guidance on relevant matters including directors' duties, conflicts of interest, and the U~ Senior' Managers and Certification Regime. The Handbook forms part of o wider library of reference·materiols available via a resources portal. The Board i~ supported in its .succession planning octivities, including the recruitment of non-executive directors, by the Nominations Committee, which is responsible for considering and making recommendations to the Boord in respect of Boord appointments. The Nominations Committee reviews the structure, size and composition of the Boord, and makes recommendations to th"e Boord in relation to any necessary chonges,.having regard to the overall balance of skills, • knowledge, experience and diversity on the Board, the length of service.of the Board as o whole;.and the requirement to· • keep membership regularly refreshed. The Nominations Committe_e considers Boord composition and succession planning at leost annually. The NatWest Group pie Gro_up Nominations ond Governance Committee also approves oil appointments to the Boa'rd, reflecting RBS pie's position as a subsidia_ry within NatWest Group. Evaluation A review of the effectiveness of the Board, including the Chairman, individual directors ond Boord Committees, is conducted at least annually. • Progress following the ·2020 evaluation A number of actions·were progressed during 2021 in response to the findings of the 2020 internal performance evaluation. In December 2021 the directors noted the progress made against the 2020 evoluation actions, which were consiste,:,t across the NatWest Group pie ond NWH Sub Group Boords and are described in more detail on poge 110 of the NatWest Group ·2021 Annual Report and Accounts. 73 RBS pie Annual Report and Accounts 2021 2021 Performance evaluation In 2021, the Board and Committe·e evaluation was externally facilitated by Independent Board Evaluation (IBE). Key findings, recommendations and actions were aligned across NatWest Group pie and the. NWH Sub Group and a summary of the outcomes and actions .arising from the 2021 evaluotion can be found on page 111 of the· NatWest Group 2021 Annual Report ond Accounts.· fmplementation of the 2021 Board evoluation actions wili' be overseen by the Nominations Committee during 2022. The Chairman met each director individually to discuss their own performance and continuing J?rofessional development ond estoblish whether each director continues to contribute effectively to the company's long-term sustainoble success. The Choirman also shored peer feedback provided to IBE·os part of the evaluotion process. Separotely, the Senior Independent Director sought feedback on.'the Chairmen's performance from the non-executive directors, executive directors and other key internol and external stakeholders and discussed it with the Chairman. This included peer feedback provided to IBE by directors os part of the evoluation process. Directors have access to ·o·wide range of briefing ond training sessipns and other professional development opportunities. Directors undertoke the troining they ·consider necessary to assist them in corrying out their duties and responsibilities. The non-executive directors discuss professional development annuolly with the Chairman ond they participate in scheduled Board training sessions and other external sessions, os appropriate. During 2021 the Board training progromme included dedicated sessions on-operational resilience, consumer protection, directors' duties in resolution, cyber security, financiol crime and climate. 3. Director responsibilities All directors receive guidance on their statutory duties under the Companies Act and are supported in the discharge of their duties by the Chief Gove'rnance Officer and_Company Secretory. Eoch director hos o role profile which clearly articulates their responsibilities and accountabilities ond any odditionol ·regulatory responsibilities and accountabilities ore set out in their statement of responsibilities. NatWest Group also produces and maintains a document c_alled· 'Our Governance' which sets out the ·governance, systems ond controls applicabfe to.NatWest Group pie and the NWH Sub Group. Our Governance. is mode available to.all directors ond is· reviewed and apJ?roved by the Boord at least ·annually. • The Directors' Conflicts of Interest policy sets out procedures to ensure.that the Board's monogement of conflicts of interest and its powers for authorising certain conflicts are operating effectively. This includes the m_anagement of conflicts that may· arise during Board decisions where the interests.of RBS-pie conflict with the interests of other members of NotWest Group. Each director is required to notify the Board of any actual or potential situotional or transactional conflict of interest and to update the Board with ony chonges to the ·facts and circumstances surrounding such conflicts.

Highlight [page 75]: Situational conflicts can be authorised by the Board in accordance with the Companies Act 2006 and the company's Articles of Association. The Board considers each request for quthorisation on a case by case basis and has the power to impose conditions or limitations on any authorisation granted as part of the process. RBS pie maintains a.register of directors' interests and ·appointments, which is reviewed annually by the Board, ~md there is discussion of directors' conflicts in Board meetings, as required. The Board The Boord is the main decision-making forum for RBS pie. The Boord is collectively respofisible for the long-term success of RBS pie and the delivery of sustainable value to its shareholders. The Board's role is to provide leadership of RBS pie. It monitors and maintains the consistency of RBS pie's octivities_within the strategic direction of NatWest Group; it reviews and opproves ris_kappetite measures (including_ limits and trig.gers) in accordance with the Risk Appetite Framework and it monitors·performance against risk appetite for RBS pie. It approves RBS pie's key financial objectives and keeps the capital ~md liquidity· positions of RBS pie under review. The Board's-terms of reference include a formal schedule of matters specifically_ reserved for the Board's decision and are reviewed at lea.st annually. Ari internal review confirmed the Board hod fulfilled its remit OS- set out in its terms of reference during 2021. The Boord held eight scheduled meetings and continued to meet largely virtually during 2021. A hybrid meeting was held in July and in September the full Board was able to meet in person for the first time since the start of the pandemic. At each schedu.led Board meeting the directors receive reports from the Choirnian, Board Committee Chairmen, CEO, CFO, Chief Risk Officer and other members of the executive management team, as appropriate. Other senior e·xecutives attended Bocird meetings throughout the year to present reports to the Board. This provided the Boord with on opportunity to engage directly with management" on key issues and s_upports succession planning. The Boord'ond Committee paper template includes o section for-authors to explain how the proposal or update aligns with NatWest Group's purpose and_a separate section for them to include an assessment of the relevant stakeholder impacts for the directors to consider. Directors ore ·mindful that it is not always possible to· achieve an outcome which meets the requirements, needs and/or expectations of all stakeholders who are, or may be, impacted.- For decisions which are particularly challenging or complex, an additional page was introduced to the Board and Committee paper template in 2021 which provides directors . with further information to support purposeful decision making. This additional page uses Blueprint for Better ·Business as a base and is aligned to NatWest Group's broader purpose framework. Board priorities in 2021 included oversight o( strategy and transformation, customer experience, capital management, financial crime and brand strategy. COVID-19 also remained a key area of focus for,the .Board, particularly the support being provided to customers and colleagues. RBS pie Annual Report and Accounts 2021 74 Boord Committees The Board has established a number-of Bo_ardCommittees with particular responsibilities. The Audit, Risk, Performance & Remuneration, and Nominations Committees of NWH Ltd operate as committees of each of NWH Ltd, NWB Pie and RBS pie, with meetings running concu_rrently. These Board Committees also held delegated authorities for UBL until 29 July 2021 when a change in governance arrangemen_ts was implemented following a transfer of UBL's assets to NWB Pie. ·on that date each Committee's ·authority for UBL was rev_oked. The Audit Committee comprises at least three independent • non-executive directors, two of whom are DINEDs. The Committee assists the Board in discharging its responsibilities in relation to the disclosure of financial affairs·. It also reviews accounting and financial reporting and regulatory compli~nce practice_s of RBS pie, RBS pie's system of standards of internal controls, and monitors RBS pie's processes for internal audit and external audit. The Bo"ard Risk-Committee comprises at least four independent non-executive directors, one of whom is the Chairman of the Audit Committee and two of whom are DINEDs. It provides oversight anc:Iadvice to the Board in relation to current and potential future risk exposures, future risk profile,· and the approval and effectiven1:1ssof RBS pie's Risk Management Framework and (in conjunctior:i with the Audit Committee) internal·controls required to manage risk. The Performance and Remuneration Committee (RemCo) comprises at.least four independent non-executive directors, one of whom is a [)INED. It assists the NatWest Group pie Group Performance and Remuneration Committee with the oversight and implementation of NatWest Group's remuneration- policy and also considers and makes recommendations on remuneration arrangements for senior executives of RBS pie·. The Nominations Committee comprises the Chairman, Senior Independent Director and at least three further independent non-executive directors. It is responsible for assisting the Board in the formal selection and appointment of directors. It reviews the structure, siz~ and composition of the Board, and membership and chairmanship cf Board Committees. Executive Committee The Executive Committee comprises RBS pie's most senior executives and supports the CEO to discharge her individual accountabilities including matters relating to strategy, financials, capitol, risk, customer and operational issues, and culture and values. .4. Opportunity and 'risk The role of the Board is to promote the long-term success of RBS pie. • sustainable • The Board held a strategy session with the executive management team in June 2021. Within the coritext of a wider discussion at NatWest Group level, this provided on opportunity for the Board to assess opportunities and risks to the future success of the business, the sustainability of the business model and how its governance contributes to the delivery of its strategy. The Board reviews the effectiveness of the risk management and internal control systems - including the nature and extent· of the risks token in pursuit of strategic objectives. The Board also reviews and approves risk appetite for RBS pie's principal risks in accordance with the NatWest Group risk appetite framework; ri,onitors perfo"rmance against risk appetite for RBS pie; and considers any mciterial ri_sksand approves, as

Highlight [page 76]: appropriate; Committee. recommended· actions escalated by the Boord Risk , • RBS.pie's risk strategy is informed and shaped by an understanding of the risk landscape including the principal risks it takes in carrying out business activities as well as the risks and uncertainties arising from the external economic, political and regulatory ·environments. RBS pie complies with NatWest Group's risk appetite • framework, which is approved ·annually by the NatWest Group pie Board. NatWest Group risk appetite is set in line with overall strategy. RBS pie operates within NatWest Group's integrated risk management framework. This is centred around the embedding of a strong risk culture and is designed to ensure ·the tools and capability are in place to facilitate sound risk management and decision~making. During 2021, ongoing work to enhance the enterprise-wide risk management framework continued. The increasing significance of climate risk, which is categorised as a principal risk, remained a critical area of focus. Alignment with climate change regulation is also reported to the NatWest Group Executive Risk Committee and the NatWest Group Board Risk Committee. RBS pie also complies with the NatWest Group policy framewor.k. The purpose of the policy framework is to ensure that NatWest Group establishes and maintains policies that adequately address the risks inherent'in its business activities. Further information on the RBS pie risk management framework including risk culture, risk governance, risk appetite, risk controls and limits, and risk identification and measurement can be found in the risk and capital management section of this report (pages 6 to 70): 5. Remuneration The NatWest Group .remuneration policy provides a consistent • policy across all NatWest Group ·companies and ensures compliance with regulatory requirements. The remuneration policy is alig.ned with the business strategy,. objectives, values; and long-term interests of RBS pie. The policy supports a culture where individuals are rewarded for delivering sustained performance in line with risk appetite and for de'monstrating the right conduct and behaviours. RemCo reviews remuneration for executives of RBS pie and considers reports on the wider workforce including annual pay outcomes and diversity information. The RemCo helps to ensure that the remuneration p9licies, procedures and ' practices being applied are appropriate for RBS pie. Executive remuneration structures incentivise individuals to deliver sustainable performance based on strategic objectives far NatWest Group and the relevant business area. Performance is assessed against. a balanced scorecard of financial and non-financial measures and variable pay is subject to deferral as well as malus.and clawback provisions to ensure rewards are justified in the long-term. • • The approach to performance management provides clarity far colleagues on how their contribution links to NatWest Group's purpose and colleagues set goals across a balanced scorecard· of measures. NatWest Group continues to ensure employees are paid fairly for the work they do and .are supported by simple and transparent pay structures in line with industry best practices. NatWest Group keeps policies and.processes under review to ensure it does so. RBS pie Annual Report and Accounts 2021 This clarity and certainty on how pay is delivered is also helping ta improve colleagues' financial wellbeing, which is a • core priority in NatWest Group's wellbeing plans. In the UK, NatWest Group's rates of pay continue to exceed the Living • Wai;ie Foundation benchmarks and NatWest Group ensures employees performing the same role ,are paid fairly. NatWest Group ensures that colleagues have an awareness the financial and economic factors affecting its performance through q\Jarterly 'Results Explained' communications and Workplace Live events with the Group CEO and Group CFO. of Further information on the remuneration policy, pay ratios and employee share plans can be found in the Directors' remuneration report of the NatWest Group 2021 Annual Re.port a_ndAccounts. Gender and Ethnicity Pay Gap information can be found in the Strategic report section of the NatWest Group 2021 Annual Report and Accounts and ot natwestgroup.c;om, along with the steps being taken to build an inclusive and -~ngaged workforce. • 6. Stakeholder relationships and engagement In February 2021 the Board approved its annual objectives and confirmed the Board's key stakeholder groups - customers, colleagues, communities, investors, regulotors and suppliers. The Board's agenda and engagement plans were structured to· • enhance the Board's understanding of these stakeholders' views and interests. This in turn has informed Bocird discussions and-decision-making. For further information on stakeholder engagement activities un~ertaken within NatWest Group which impacted NWH Group, see pages 14 to 17 and pages 52 to 63 of the NatWest Group 2021 Annual Report and Accounts .