
Highlight [page 15]: Statement of corporate governance arrangements Details of how the Company路s actlons during the period aligned with the Wales Principles are given below: Purpose and leadership The vision of the global group is to continue to grow TJX as a global, off-price, value rela~er. Launched in 1994, 'Tl< Maxx'introduced off-price retailing to the UK and is the only bricks-and-mortar, off-price retailer of apparel and home fashions of significant size in the UK. 'Homesense路 introduced the off-price homeware concept to the UK in 2008. This chain operates In bolh a standalone and superstore format, which pairs 'Homesense' with a 1"K Maxx路 store. To help achieve its vision, the Company must remain grounded in the same principles on which the Ultimate Parent Company was founded - operating with the highest levels of honesty and integrity, and treating others with dignity and respect. The Company relies on the talent and efforts of its employees, as well as the example set by its leaders, to help live these principles and roster the continued success of the Company. Board composition and responsibilities The Board is aligned with the Company's purpose and values and its composition represents a diversity or experience, expertise and gender, and (much) more, to provide sound, expert, and prudent guidance on operations. strategy. and interests. As directors of a wholly owned subsidiary of a quoted US group, the Board informally delegate authority to the European executive team and the Ultimate Parent Company for key strategic decisions. The Board members receive regular updates throughout the year on the business and the Company's results. Opportunity and risk As part of a quoted US group the Company and the Group are subject to certain policies as set out by the Ultimate Parent Company ror the purposes of monitoring and managing risk. The board or directors of the Ultimate Parent Company has oversight responsib!Uly for the systems established lo report and monitor the most significant risks applicable to TJX, which would Include risks applicable to the Company and the Group. It is management's responsibility, which includes the European executive team. to manage risk and lo bring to the Board's attention such risks as appropriate. Refer to 'Future development and outlook' on page 8 and 'Principal risks and uncertainties路 sections in the Strategic report on pages 2 to 7.

Highlight [page 16]: Statement of corporate governance arrangements (continued) Remuneration Remuneration for executives or the Company is overseen by the Executive Compensation Committee (the "ECC") of the board of directors of the Ultimate Parent Company. In general, the Board of the Company Informally delegates responsibility for remuneration matters to the European executive team or the Ultimate Parent Company, as applicable. The ECC seeks lo maintain an eKecutive compensation program that Is designed to drive long-lerm profitable and sustainable growth, foster teamwork and management stability, and support leadership succession plans. The ECC considers several qualitative and quantitative factors In making eKeculive compensation decisions, including Company performance, individual perfonnance and responsibilities, and compensation-related risks. The ECC considers the pay and incentive structures for senior management across the global group and approaches eKecutive compensation in the contelll of global total rewards principles that apply to all employees in the global group. Stakehofderrelationshipsand engagement Refer to engaging wilh employees and other stakeholders on pages 11 to 13. Directors The direclors who served at any time during the period and up to the date of signing the financial statements are shown below: David L. Averill Erica M. Farrell John J. Klinger Directors' emoluments are included in note 6 to the financial statements.