
Highlight [page 19]: Corporate governance statement For the year ended 30 June 2021, the Company continued to adopt the Wates Corporate Governance Principles for Large Private Companies as a measure of good practice for the governance of large private companies. The Wates· Principles are to be adopted ori an 'apply and explain' basis, and provide suggested guidance as to how companies might achieve each of the respective principles. The TFSL Board sets the overall governance framework for the Group. The framework is structured to enable the directors of al I entities within the Group to have the necessary tools to make the key principal decisions crucial for creating long-term value, whilst meeting stakeholder expectations, and legal and regulatory requirements. Principle How the principle has been applied during the year Principle 1 - purpose and leadership An effective board develops and promotes the purpose of a company, and ensures that its values, strategy and culture align with that purpose. The TFSL Board sets the Group's objectives, taking into account the requirements of key stakeholders and ensures that the necessary experience, skills and resources are in place to help our customers, partners, colleagues, community, and wider society realise their financial ambitions by making finance work. The CEO reports to the TFSL Board on the performance of the TCF division after each meeting and provides updates on progress against its strategic and operational objectives. In June, the TFSL'Board approved the revised Purpose and Vision for the Group. The work builds on the Group's existing success and will support the achievement of the Group's future ambitions both for Together and for its stakeholders. This year, the performance management process was enhanced to include a requirement for colleague objectives to be linked to the Group's strategic objectives to create a clear golden thread of alignment between colleague performance and individual contribution to the achievement of the Group's strategic aims. The TFSL Board recognises the importance of having a diverse and inclusive culture at Together and the part it plays in helping the Group to achieve its future ambitions. During the year, the TFSL Remuneration & Nomination Committee approved the approach to a new diversity and inclusion strategy for the Group. More information on this can be found in the Environment and society re ort.

Highlight [page 20]: Principle 2 - board composition Effective board composition requires an effective chair and a balance of skills, backgrounds, experience and knowledge, with individual directors having sufficient capacity to make a valuable contribution. The size of a board should be guided by the scale and complexity of the company. The TCF Chair leads the TCF Board and facilitates open debate and constructive discussion whilst ensuring that the executive directors receive appropriate challenge, including the TCF CEO. The role of the TCF Chair and TCF CEO is not exercised by the same individual. The TCF Board has a wealth of knowledge relevant to the specialist lending sector and until May 2021 the TCF Board benefited from two non-executive directors who provided challenge and brought a range of knowledge and expertise from both the financial services sector and elsewhere. In May, the corporate governance arrangements for TCF were reviewed and the decision was made to consolidate the corporate governance arrangements for TCF into the TFSL structure. The approval of directors taking external appointments is a matter reserved for the TFSL Remuneration & Nomination Committee. This ensures that directors continue to have sufficient capacity to make a valuable contribution to the Group and that there are no material conflicts. In accordance with directors' duties under s.177 and s.182 of the Companies Act 2006, directors are asked at each meeting to declare any interests which may give rise a conflict. Interests are logged by the Company Secretary and directors absent themselves from discussions for which they are conflicted as appropriate. During the year, the Group Conflicts oflnterest Policy was reviewed and updated with the output of an external benchmarking exercise to ensure that processes continued to reflect the Group's ethical and regulatory responsibilities in regards to colleague interests including those of the Board. Principle 3 - directors' responsibilities The board and individual directors should have a clear understanding of their accountability and responsibilities. The board's policies and procedures should • support effective decision making and independent challenge. The Company Secretary works with the TCF chair to ensure that agendas are structured to facilitate appropriate discussion and challenge. TCF Board agendas are structured in line with the Group's objectives to focus discussions on the key business deliverables required to support the achievement of longer term goals alongside operational updates. The TCF Board receives information in a timely manner via a secure board portal to maintain confidentiality. All actions are monitored and tracked to completion to ensure that, alongside comprehensive and accurate minutes, a complete record of decision making is maintained. Reporting of management information on key governance activity is provided to each TFSL Board meeting by the Company Secretary via a governance dashboard. The dashboard provides a clear view of how the circulation of packs and minutes are tracking against agreed SLAs. The Company Secretary and chairs use this information to monitor activities and ensure that governance processes continue to facilitate effective decision making and adhere to best practice.

Highlight [page 21]: Principle 4 - opportunity and risk A board should promote the long-term sustainable success of the company by identifying opportunities to create and preserve value, and establishing oversight for the identification and mitigation of• risks During the year, the Board's strategic priorities have been reconsidered in light of the post pandemic macroeconomic climate. More information on the Board's strategy can be found in the Strategic review. • The TFSL Risk Committee operates under delegated authority from the Board on matters of risk management and internal controls. More information on the Committee's activities can be found in the Corporate Governance and Committee Structure section. More information on the activities of the Group Committees can be found in the Together Financial Services Limited Annual Report. The Group enterprise risk management framework provides a formalised structure for the risk management of the Group. The TCF Board reviews and approves the risk appetite statements and associated limits and early warning triggers on an annual basis or more frequently if required. The Board continues to focus on the transformation and modernisation of key business processes and the benefits of efficiencies achieved through automation are regularly reported to the TCF Board through a suite of operational KPis. More information on this work can be found in the Operating review. In April, a deep dive session was held for the TCF Board to provide technical information on proposals for material IT infrastructure changes, the aim of the session was to ensure that the TCF Board had opportunity to understand the risks as well as the benefits associated with proposals prior to approval being sought at a special Board meeting. During this session, the Boards sought assurance that the customer experience would not be disrupted by the proposed infrastructure works and that the appropriate 2 nd and 3 rd line assurance would be undertaken throughout the project. The Boards will provide ongoing oversight of the infrastructure changes through the provision ofupdates from Group COO at scheduled Board meetings until project completion. Treasury and financial risk updates are regularly provide to the TCF Board to ensure that the TCF Board remains informed on the funding and liquidity position of the Group. Updates are comprehensive and agendas are structured to allow time for detailed discussion. Individual transaction proposals are brought to the TCF Board to consider the risks and benefits with appropriate input from both internal SMEs and external advisors prior to approval.

Highlight [page 22]: Principle 5-remuneration A board should promote executive remuneration structures aligned to the long-term sustainable success of a company, taking into account pay and conditions elsewhere in the company. The TCF Board delegates authority to the TFSL Remuneration & Nomination Committee. More information on the activities of the Committee can be found in the Corporate Governance and Committee Structure section. More information on the activities of the Group Committees can be found in the Together Financial Services Limited Annual Report. • • In March, the TFSL Remuneration & Nomination Committee approved a new approach to pay and reward following feedback from senior leaders, people managers and colleagues from across the Group. The changes included more discretion for managers to decide the appropriate level of performance related bonus payments within an agreed range, and a flat salary increase for eligible colleagues in line with economic conditions and company performance. During the year, the Group also commenced an external benchmarking exercise to ensure all colleague salaries continued to be in line with market expectations. Principle 6 - stakeholder relationships and engagement Directors should foster effective stakeholder relationships aligned to the company's purpose. The board is responsible for overseeing meaningful engagement with stakeholders, including the workforce, and having regard to their views when taking decisions. More information on stakeholder engagement and employee engagement, including engagement during the Covid-19 pandemic can be found in the Stakeholder engagement report. During the year, board and committee reporting was enhanced with the introduction of a revised executive summary. The new format aims to clearly and concisely highlight the key elements of a report, including which stakeholders the reader should consider in their decision making. More information on how the TCF Board has taken stakeholder requirements into consideration when making key decisions can be found within the Section 172 statement. In May, the TFSL Board approved a revised Purpose and Vision for the Group. As part of the development of the Future Vision, workshops were held with colleagues from around the business in order that colleague feedback could be fed into proposals. The Board recognises the importance of ensuring that the Group's strategy has colleague support and provides a future for Together that colleagues want to play their part in. This year, Liz Blythe, non-executive director of our Personal Finance Board, was appointed as Group Diversity Champion. Liz was involved in discussions about the Group's new diversity and inclusion strategy from inception, and will continue to engage with colleagues, senior leadership, and the Boards about ways in which diversity and inclusion can be encouraged and fostered at Together.