
Highlight [page 20]: ADOPTION OF THE WATES PRINCIPLES The Board of Directors adopted the Wates Principles of Corporate Governance for Large Private Companies as the Company's primary corporate governance code. The Board also operates within a wider corporate governance framework (the Subsidiary Governance Guidelines) for the subsidiaries of its ultimate parent company, Willis Towers Watson pie. The Company applied the six Wates Principles in the following ways: Principle 1: Purpose and Leadership WTW's purpose is the reason that the Company exists. WTW creates clarity and confidence today for a more .sustainable tomorrow. The Company is a leading advisory, broking and solutions company that helps its customers around the world tum risk into a path for growth. The Company's values are more than words. The Company has adopted the following values, which are the WTW values: customer focus, teamwork, integrity, respect. and excellence. The Company believes that living its values every day drives its success. The values frame the Company's approaches and ways of working and embed the behaviours that drive its performance. The Company's values are communicated consistently across all colleagues and customer messaging, on the Company's website, and are embedded in all colleague engagement efforts, including performance management tools. The Company has a strong culture aligned to its values. The Company's culture is constantly monitored through company-wide colleague engagement surveys carried out every two years, one to one engagement, town hall events carried out by senior management and regular reports to the Board. For further details on the Company's strategy, see the Strategic Report. Principle 2: Board Composition The Board comprises four Executive Directors covering the three core business units operating within the entity and a Finance Director. In addition to this during 2020 the Company appointed a Non-Executive director. The Board members are shown on page 17. The Board considers its size and the diversity of its composition in respect of gender, experience and ethnicity to be appropriate for the size of the Company. The Company has a strong culture of inclusion and diversity and considers it to be critical to its business. It is how the Company hires and promotes, how it works with customers and how its teams function. WTW is committed to creating an inclusive work environment where everyone is heard, respected and valued for who they are. The Board has a good balance of knowledge and experience across all its Executive and Non-Executive Directors. The Board carried out an internal Board effectiveness review during 2020. recommendations, and is in the process of implementing them as appropriate. It cons

Highlight [page 20]: dered the output and the

Highlight [page 21]: Principle 3: Director Responsibilities At WTW, corporate governance is defined by the system of rules, practices and processes by which companies are directed and controlled and the aim of which is to enable the best decisions to be made by those companies. The Company ensures adherence to a set of WTW-wide internal subsidiary governance guidance that applies across the segments, geographies and legal entities at WTW. These set out minimum standards for areas such as Board composition, changes to Boards, director training, database guidelines and document retention. In addition, the Board has also adopted the Wates Principles of Corporate Governance for Large Private Companies. Also, the Company has in the course of the year, reviewed and adopted the appropriate governance standards in order to comply with the FCA's SMCR. The Board receives regular reports and management information from the businesses in order to assist them to discharge their responsibilities under the individual constitutional documents and terms of reference, as well as their individual responsibilities under the FCA's SMCR. Principle 4: Opportunity and Risk The WTW Enterprise Risk Management team is a global team which works with businesses and corporate functions to ensure a proactive and integrated approach to risk management, and with colleagues to help them effectively and efficiently deliver quality and manage risk. This Board's Risk officer advises the Board on risk matters including the assessment of risk appetite and monitoring of risk against that appetite. The Board reviews its risk appetite and internal control framework regularly and uses Board meetings and other arrangements to ensure that it has continuous market insights in the context of the Company's businesses. The Company's strategy is aligned to the WTW strategy, which is based on the belief that a unified approach to people and risk yields growth for our customers. The Company's integrated teams bring together the Company's understanding of risk strategies and market analytics. This helps customers around the world to achieve their objectives. The Board regularly discusses market overviews in the areas which it operates and opportunities for tangible and intangible value creation. For further details, see the Strategic Report. Principle 5: Remuneration At WTW, employees are paid for performance, so compensation programmes are designed to support both short-and long-term goals, as well as both individual and team successes. Base salary is determined by a colleague's role, proficiency in the role and location. As a leader in compensation surveys, WTW uses market data to ensure its offerings are competitive. Salary increases are generally made through the annual year-end review process. Increases are based on employee performance and competency development during the prior year, and may be made in conjunction with a role change or level change, or, in some cases, to ensure external competitiveness. Short term incentives are discretionary awards paid annually that reflect the performance of the business and enable the company to recognize colleague contributions to its success for that given year. Senior management remuneration is also based on performance over the course of the year and demonstration of the WTW values in a similar way to that of all other colleagues. The Company has a long-term incentive programme which is an annual discretionary programme designed for the most senior colleagues who make strategic contributions to the success of the business over time. Discretionary awards for all staff including senior managers align with performance, achievement of the Company's purpose, values, and strategy. For further details on compensation, see note 7 to the Financial Statements.

Highlight [page 21]: behaviours, and

Highlight [page 22]: Principle 6: Stakeholder Relationships and Engagement The Company's material stakeholders are its customers, employees, the FCA, its parent company, its environment and its third-party suppliers. The Board of Directors is committed to engaging appropriately with its material stakeholders and to consider any feedback received in making any principal decisions. While the Board of Directors has been aware of this requirement in its deliberations, it is scheduled to consider adopting a stakeholder dashboard which will be kept under regular review in the course of the following year in order to maintain this duty at the forefront of its deliberations. In the course of the year, the Board of Directors engaged with the FCA and the parent company as well as its employees prior to implementing the governance and employment related changes that were required for the adoption of the FCA's SMCR. The Board of Directors also took feedback from its material stakeholders in the following ways: Employees - Board regularly meets with members of staff other than the usual presenters to the Board. In addition, the Board regularly receives a people update from the Human Resources officer function as well as related updates in respect of inclusion and diversity. The interests of the employees, the FCA and the second line functions are actively considered during Board deliberations. Regulators - The Chief Executive Officer, an Executive Director, has scheduled periodic engagement meetings with the FCA and maintains an open and proactive relationship with the FCA by engaging in frequent, two-way dialogue. The Board of Directors, through the nominated Compliance Officer also engages with the Regulator on an ad-hoc basis as issues arise, and proactively engaged with the FCA while building the plans for adoption of the SMCR. They also consider the feedback from the FCA very. carefully and have developed a culture of proactive compliance based on its ongoing channels of communication. Shareholder - the ultimate parent of the Company is Willis Towers Watson pie. In the course of 2019, the Company entered into a Memorandum of Understanding with the ultimate parent company, which established the principle that while the parties each recognised that the Company was part of a global enterprise, the Company itself is a UK regulated entity and as such was sufficiently empowered and had the authority and mandate to undertake the activities necessary to ensure that its implementation of WTW's global aims and strategy and its business model, prudential arrangements and the conduct of its business were consistent with FCA regulation and applicable law. Environment - the Company recognises the importance of its environmental responsibilities and through WTW monitors its impact on the environment on a location by location basis, designs and implements policies to reduce any damage that might be caused by its activities. WTW is one of the world's leading risk advisors and experts in assessing and mitigating climate risk, WTW is committed to supporting measures aimed at helping to tackle climate change. The Company uses internal and external methods to measure its environmental and social governance progress. Internally, the Company has a taskforce that ensures focus on the areas of most importance to its stakeholders and that activities are aligned with WTW's strategic priorities and comprises representatives from across the business segments and corporate functions. WTW is committed to improving its suppliers' environmental impact by increasing our demand for and use of goods that are developed in a sustainable way and contribute to a reduced carbon footprint, including Environmental, Social and Governance ('ESG') questions and evaluation criteria within our procurement processes, and having in place a form of supplier contract that stipulates, where the form is in place, that all operations must be conducted in full compliance with all applicable laws in connection with the contract. Externally, in 2021 WTW announced a corporate net zero commitment to be achieved by 2050, with at least a 50% reduction by 2030, across its business operations. To support this WTW has been involved with various governments, intergovernmental organisations and civil societies on climate policy and research for some years and share the collective ambition of an orderly transition towards sustainable and resilient economies and communities. Amongst a variety of our collaborations and memberships, WTW is a member of the insurance industry initiative ClimateWise, to support the Taskforce on Climate-Related Financial Disclosures ('TCFD'), a member of the Asset Managers Net-Zero Initiative, and are active members of the Coalition for Climate Resilient Investment. Our policy is to comply with all applicable environmental laws and regulations where we operate.

Highlight [page 22]: For further details see the ESG section ofwtwco.com

Highlight [page 23]: Principle 6: Stakeholder Relationships and Engagement (continued) Customers - one of the Company's values is to be client focused. The Company is driven to help its clients succeed. In every interaction and with every solution, employees are encouraged to act in the Company's clients' best interests, striving to understand their needs, respecting their perspectives and exceeding their expectations. The Board of Directors receives updates on client interaction and feedback via business reports, which are presented regularly to every scheduled Board meeting. Third Party Suppliers - the company continuously monitors its supply chain and ensures oversight over its key supplier arrangements. WTW's culture of diversity also applies to its suppliers. WTW is committed to working with diverse suppliers who can provide fresh perspectives and viewpoints, in addition to maximising the benefits and support they can provide to employees and customers. The due diligence and on-boarding in relation to WTW's supply-chain emphasises compliance with WTW's core values and includes additional requirements relating to the risk of modem slavery. The Company receives reports from an Operations officer, who oversees the Company's key suppliers and maintains appropriate relationships. They present a report to every scheduled Board meeting and escalate all material items of feedback as necessary to the Board on a regular basis. For further details, see the Modem Slavery Statement for Towers Watson Limited, available on the WTW website, www .willistowerswatson.com.