
Highlight [page 10]: Introduction In 2021, under The Companies (Miscellaneous Reporting) Regulations 2018, the company, as a large private company, has applied the Wates Corporate Governance Principles for Large Private Companies (published by the Financial Reporting Council ('FRC') in December 2018). The company has carefully considered how to apply each principle to the extent that the board judges these to be appropriate for the company and has applied the 6 principles set out on the report as follows: 1. Purpose and leadership The company is a 100% owned subsidiary undertaking of China International United Petroleum & Chemicals Co., Ltd. which is the immediate parent company, incorporated in the People's Republic of China. The ultimate parent is China Petrochemical Corporation ("Sinopec group") incorporated in the People's Republic of China. Sinopec group is the largest oil and petrochemical products supplier and the second largest oil and gas producer in China. It ranked the 5 th on Fortune's Global 500 List in 2021. As a Chinese state-owned enterprise, Sinopec group is committed to serving the national needs during critical moments. The company follows policies and framework arrangements set by immediate and intermediate parent company to develop its strategy, operating practices, workforce and approach to risk, whilst embedded with corporate culture of Sinopec group. The corporate culture of Sinopec group is demonstrated as follows, which can be found on Sinopec group's website. Corporate mission: better energy for better living The fundamental purpose of and reason for the existence of a company is outlined in its corporate mission. Sinopec group strives to help people achieve their aspirations for a better life by providing society with cutting-edge technologies, premium products and quality services. The group will continue its path towards green and low-carbon sustainable development. Through the production methods, the group aims to transform its practices and shapes the industry structure so that it helps conserve resources and protect the environment. The group aims to grow the entire group together with its stakeholders and strives to ensure that its success is beneficial to all. ' To support Sinopec group mission, the company places more focus on improving energy supply capacity. The company systematically purchased different grading of crude oil with low sulphur from a wide range of region. Corporate vision: to be a world-leading energy and chemical company Corporate vision is the long-term development plan, which defines the growth targets and blueprints of a company. Sinopec group is committed to the following four aspects in realizing its corporate vision: • Being sustainable. It implements the development strategies of value-oriented, innovation-driven, resources-optimized, open cooperation, green and low carbon growth. Adjusting itself to the new business environment, Sinopec group speeds up its transformation and restructuring to improve effectiveness and quality of products so as to sustain its profitability and competitiveness in business. • Bringing benefits to all. It prioritises technology and puts people first in providing high quality products, technologies and services. It endeavours to be a responsible and respectable company to its employees, clients, shareholders, the general public as well as the people in the host countries of its business operations. • Being green and highly energy-efficient. With its strength in the core business of energy and chemicals, Sinopec group endeavours to explore the new energies of shale gas, geothermal energy and biomass. It advances the technologies in green and low-carbon energy, environment-friendly new materials and the clean use of coal.

Highlight [page 11]: Corporate vision: to be a world-leading energy and chemical company (continued) • Being a leader. Being a leader is not only in business scale, but also in the quality of products, efficiency, corporate culture and image, international competitiveness, and market-oriented operations. Benchmarking these world leading standards, Sinopec group is making unremitting efforts to become a world leading company with high-efficiency governance, leading corporate culture, advanced market-oriented and international operations as well as leading technologies, talents and brand. Being one of the Sinopec's group trading vehicles of the crude oil market, a comprehensive trading system is implemented in the company's day-to-day business activities. The company not only ensured the steady supply of crude oil to the refineries of Sinopec group with diversified import sourcing, but also provided support to suppliers by proactively purchasing niche fuels. Under the optimisation of resource distribution and allocation, the company played a more important role in balancing the supply and demand in crude oil and connecting exploration and production companies and refineries, which further promoted its leading positions in the global crude market. Corporate values: people, responsibility, integrity, excellence, innovation and collaboration Corporate values are principles and standards that all staff uphold and should be incorporated into a company's strategy formulation, production and business operations. • People: Sinopec group puts people first whilst corporate growth. Its research and development is based on the demand of its clients and stakeholders, and centred around providing first-class products and services. The group sees its employees as the main driving force for growth, and the group creates good working environment for their career development, enabling them to live a better life. • Responsibility: Sinopec group is committed to the betterment of both people and society as a whole. The group will contribute to both China and its host countries by fulfilling its corporate social responsibility, focusing on economic, legal and philanthropic aspects. The group's responsibility also inheres in its products: being a leading international company, it is Sinopec group's responsibility to develop and provide first-class products and services for the benefit of its customers. • Integrity: Sinopec group honours its commitment and put its words into action. By sticking to the notion of "every drop of oil counts", the group sees integrity as the cornerstone of corporate growth and urge every employee to be honest in their actions. The group will continue to operate in a law-abiding, honest and disciplined manner, and build a respected corporate image. • Excellence: Sinopec group strives for excellence in everything it does. The group promotes better corporate working practices including prudence and meticulous attention to detail. In addition, the group pursues absolute precision, be it in its production and operations, or in the development of its technology. • Innovation: Sinopec group aims to become a benchmark of innovation in its industry. To achieve this, the group incorporates innovation into its operations, stimulate innovation in the mindset of its employees and encourage innovation throughout its entire business practice - from the group's management to the development of technology, through to its products and services. • Collaboration: Sinopec group believes in mutually beneficial collaboration and common growth. The group respects international and regional laws, regulations and cultures. The group sees the value in learning from its peers, and adding value for its customers. The group's ultimate goal is to achieve win-win collaboration and common prosperity among all stakeholders.

Highlight [page 12]: Corporate working style: stringent, meticulous, and practical Sinopec group's corporate working style has been formed and cultivated over the course of our corporate history. It represents the group's inner quality. While upholding its traditional values of commitment and dedication, the group carries out a stringent, meticulous and practical working style throughout corporate operations and management. • Stringent: Sinopec group makes strictness a top priority. The group treats work with high standards, cohesive organization, serious attitude and impartial discipline. • Meticulous: Being meticulous is a prerequisite of work. Sinopec group should carefully inspect every link, procedure and aspect that requires examination or attention. The group will spare no efforts in meticulously managing every link and procedure. • Practical: Being practical is a fundamental requirement for every employee. Employees should be honest, seek and speak truth from facts and come down to earth. To ensure the alignment with Sinopec's group working style, the company publishes new internal policies and constantly reviews existing policies in response to the ever changing business environment and regulations. Also, employees are provided with regular training sessions in order to ensure that their practices are aligned with the company's expectations. 2. Board composition As at reporting date, the board consists of 3 directors. All of the directors, respectively come from background in accountancy and law, are highly skilled in their professions whilst having in-depth experience in the oil and gas industry. The size and composition is appropriate to our large yet focused business. The company acknowledge that greater diversity of board is necessary, though it is a challenge which is pervasive in the business sector. The board is committed to developing a more diverse workforce, including at the most senior levels. The Chairman leads the board that ensures all directors to effectively discharge respective duties. The Chairman hosts the board meetings by following the agenda whilst ensuring a quorum is present in each board meeting. During the meeting, all directors give their advice based on their professional knowledge and experience in the industry. They also exchange their views on matters to be discussed with the best interests of the company. As discussed in more detail below, it is not currently feasible for the company to set up a specialised nomination, remuneration and audit committee, given the size of the Board. The responsibilities for this are set at group level. 3. Directors responsibilities Accountability: The company directors are all, with the exception of one parent company senior employee, senior management personnel who work directly for the company and head key functions that support the running of the company. As part of their appointment to the board of directors each director is briefed on their duties and obligations as a director and can access professional advice from the company secretary or an independent advisor at any time. The Board members are aware of the importance of being cognisant of the key stakeholders' interests and matters as set out in section 172 of the Companies Act 2006. The Board seeks always to act in a way that is in line with the duties enacted in this section of the act.

Highlight [page 13]: Committees: The Company established a compliance committee to assist the Board in overseeing the Company's activities in the areas of corporate responsibility and compliance. Committee members are directors and senior managers, Head of Risk, Head of Legal and Head of HR, committee members need to attend monthly meetings.· Having the authority to undertake the specific duties and responsibilities described below and the authority to undertake such other duties as are assigned by law, the Company's certificate of incorporation or bylaws, or by the Board. Apart from compliance committee, the company did not establish any other committees under the board. The company is under oversight of the immediate parent company that needs to regularly report to senior management of the immediate parent company. The nomination of and remuneration of directors are subject to approval by the immediate parent company. Also, the business strategies and companies' policies is formulated based on policies and framework arrangements set at group level, whilst in compliance with local legislation. Thus, the supervisory and policies framework of the immediate parent company provides independent challenge to the board and mitigate the risks of individuals having unfettered powers. Integrity of information: The board members need to attend monthly senior management meeting. During the meeting, senior management members of the company are required to update company business performance and development, discuss existing business strategies and review company policies. This enables the board members to understand the operations of the company and current situation of the business sector, so as to support their decision making for promoting the success of the company. 4. Opportunity and risks The board seeks out opportunity whilst mitigating risk. A full risk management process is embedded within this company following the risk management procedures set out by the immediate parent company with reference to corporate culture of Sinopec group. The company's risk management process mainly involves: • Frequently (at least once a day) identify and measure market risk. • Develop and review systems and controls to measure market risk. • Build risk aware culture within the company and actively contribute to the developments of new strategies and procedures for risk management. • Control trading activities and monitor accurate maintenance of the risk management system. The company's key operational risks and mitigations are outlined in the Principal risks and uncertainties of Strategic Report. 5. Remuneration The remuneration of directors and senior management members are dependent on the performance of the company and achievement of specific key objective assigned to the individual. A structured performance appraisal is formulated and managed by immediate parent company, which is applied to all directors and senior management members. Under the annual performance appraisal, the performance of directors and senior management members can be readily measured, which is a criteria to determine their remuneration package. 6. St_akeholderrelationship and engagement How the Directors have had regard to the need to foster the company's business relationships has been outlined in the Section 172(1) statement/Statement of stakeholder interests of the Strategic Report.