
Highlight [page 29]: Corporate Governance The Company adopted the Wates Corporate Governance code in the financial year, applying its principles as follows: Principle 1: Purpose and Leadership An effective board develops and promotes the purpose of a company, and ensures that its values, strategy and culture align with that purpose. The board develops the strategy and business model to generate long-term sustainable value. It is responsible for ensuring that its strategy is clearly articulated and implemented throughout the organisation, and that it, along with the company values, supports appropriate behaviours and practices. To promote a clear sense of purpose and collective vision, the board appreciates the importance of communication with the workforce and wider stakeholders around the company's stated purpose. The values are explained and integrated into the different functions and operations of the business via, for example, internal guidance, employment practices, risk management and compliance functions. It monitors the extent to which the values are integrated via annual employee surveys, absenteeism rates, exit interviews and feedback sessions. The board leads on the establishment of transparent policies in relation to raising concerns about misconduct and unethical practices. Principle 2: Board Composition Effective board composition requires an effective chair and a balance of skills, backgrounds, experience and knowledge, with individual directors having sufficient capacity to make a valuable contribution. The size of a board should be guided by the scale and complexity of the company. The chair leads the board and is responsible for its overall effectiveness, promoting open debate and facilitating constructive discussion. The chair ensures that all directors have appropriate information and sufficient time is made available for meaningful discussion. To ensure a balance of power and effective decision-making the roles of the chair and chief executive are separate. The board has an appropriate combination of skills, backgrounds, experience and knowledge that promotes accountability and incorporates objective thought, which in turn provides constructive challenge to achieve effective decision-making. In making appointments to the board considered effort is made to establish an appropriate balance of expertise, diversity and objectivity. Principle 3: Directors' Responsibilities The board and individual directors should have a clear understanding of their accountability and responsibilities. The board's policies and procedures should support effective decision-making and independent challenge. The board establishes and maintains corporate governance practices that provide clear lines of accountability and responsibility to support effective decision-making. Clear corporate governance policies and practices that govern the internal affairs of the company are set out and made available on the Company's intranet site. These include matters relating to the authority, accountability, role and conduct of directors. The board periodically reviews the governance processes to confirm that they remain fit for purpose and consider any initiatives which could strengthen the governance of the company.

Highlight [page 30]: Principle 4: Opportunity and Risk A board should promote the long-term sustainable success of the company by identifying opportunities to create and preserve value and establishing oversight for the identification and mitigation of risks. The board considers and assesses how the company creates and preserves value over the long-term. Although the Group operates a decentralised divisional structure the board recognises that it has responsibility for the company's overall approach to strategic decision-making and effective risk management (financial and non-financial), including reputational risk. A description of principal risks is set out on pages 3-5 of the Strategic Report. The board has established an internal control framework with clearly defined roles and responsibilities for those involved. It has agreed an approach to reporting, including frequency of reporting and the points at which decisions are made and escalated. Principle 5: Remuneration A board should promote executive remuneration structures aligned to the long-term sustainable success of a company, taking into account pay and conditions elsewhere in the company. Remuneration for directors and senior managers is aligned with performance, behaviours, and the achievement of company purpose, values and strategy. In setting director and senior manager remuneration consideration is given to remuneration throughout the organisation to reinforce a sense of shared purpose. Principle 6: Stakeholder relationships and engagement Directors should foster effective stakeholder relationships aligned to the company's purpose. The board is responsible for overseeing meaningful engagement with stakeholders, including the workforce, and having regard to their views when taking decisions. The board recognises that the business has a responsibility to create and sustain long-term value for its shareholders and stakeholders. This includes consideration of the impact its activities may have on both current and future stakeholders, for example, impacts on the environment. Our largest material stakeholder group is our workforce. We have developed a range of formal and informal channels that enable our workforce to engage in meaningful two-way dialogue and to share ideas and concerns with senior management. More detail on this is provided in section (iv) of the SI 72 Statement on page 7. Other key stakeholders potentially affected by company operations and integral to its ability to generate and preserve value include customers, suppliers and other creditors as well as community groups. More details on how we develop relationships with these stakeholders are provided in sections (ii) and (iii) respectively of the S 172 statement on pages 5 and 6.