
Highlight [page 10]: Corporate governance In accordance with the Companies (Miscellaneous Reporting) Regulations 2018, the company has applied the Wates Corporate Governance principles for Large Private Companies (the 'Wates Principles') - published by the Financial Reporting Council - as an appropriate framework for disclosing our corporate governance arrangements.

Highlight [page 11]: Principle one - Purpose and Leadership The Company's mission, aligned with that of the Group, is to deliver the best optical care to existing and new customers, by investing in our employees, and offering a wide range of affordable products. The mission and the core values are at the heart of what we do and are regularly shared with employees through a variety of channels. Feedback from employ_e~sis obtained in a number of ways including regular engagement surveys and e·xit interviews to monitor the culture of the business. Principle Two - Board Composition The Board of the company consists of members of the Management Team, and certain other senior members of the business. The· Management Team ("MT') are responsible for the running of all of the . UK companies within the Group, of which the company is one. The MT consists of the CEO (Chair), the CFO, and the directors of each support function (categorised as Retail Operations, Product Value Chain, People & Culture, Marketing, IT, Real Estate & JV). The members of the MT are experts in their field and have a wide range of experience across this, and other, industries with relevant technical knowledge with which to ensure the continued growth of the Company. The size and composition of the MT is appropriate and proportionate to the size of the business. The MT meet formally on a monthly basis, during which they review activities, business strategies and projects, and discuss the performance of stores, including making visits to various stores and the department functions. Principle Three - Director Responsibilities Directors of the Company and members of the MT are all aware of the policies and procedures by which· the business is run. All policies are reviewed by the MT prior to publication and on a periodic basis. The MT will consider relevant policies when making decisions about the business. MT meetings are an open forum where individual opinions are sought, considered and challenged to ensure that the decisions made are fair and in the best interests of stakeholders. Principle Four - Opportunity and Risk The MT is at the forefront of the Company's efforts to continue to evolve its offering to clients, operate • in new areas, and seek out new business opportunities. They are responsible for the long term growth and sustainability of the business and part of their reward is based thereon. Any new opportunities are discussed within the MT. The risks of the business, both financial and non-financial are monitored by the MT, and appropriate processes put in place to monitor arid mitigate. There are various formal risk frameworks in place with regular review and reporting cycles. Overall risk management is also overseen by the Group risk management procedures. Principle Five - Remuneration The remuneration of the MT is overseen by the CEO and CFO of the Company, with remunerations of senior positions, including CEO and CFO being reviewed by the Group in the Netherlands. External market factors are balanced with overall performance of the business and individual functions when considering remuneration to ensure the long term sustainability of the business. Principle Six - Stakeholder Relationships and Engagement As referred to in the Section 172 Statement within the Strategic report on page 6, the MT recognise the •importance of stakeholder management and of building effective relationships with our key stakeholders.