
Highlight [page 18]: Introduction The Wates Corporate Governance Principles for Large Private Companies serve as the framework to demonstrate how Directors have had regard for the matters set out in section 172(l)(a) to (f) of the Companies Act 2006 when performing their duties, including how Directors have engaged with and considered the interests of stakeholders including UK employees, suppliers, customers and those in a principal business relationship with the Group. Reporting against the Wates Principles is included in the Corporate Governance Statement below. • Corporate Governance Statement For the year ended 31 December 2021, under The Companies (Miscellaneous Reporting) Regulations 2018, the Group has applied the Wates Corporate Governance Principles for Large Private Companies. The Directors have set out below an explanation of how the Wates Principles have been applied during the year. Principle 1 - Purpose and Leadership The Directors of the Company together with the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer are considered the Main Board ("Main Board"). The Main Board engages with the wider executive team (''the Executive Team ") a team that is made up of key leaders in the Company who have accountability and responsibility of a defined operational or compliance role. The Main Board actively engages with the Executive Team in setting the intentions and purpose of the Company. The Company is a unique hotel owner operator. It owns all 33 hotels in the UK and is able to assess full control over its operations. The Company's strategy is to provide customers with a complete 'all-in-one' experience through its exceptional hotel rooms, a food and beverage offering of a pub and grill and a coffee shop and a full leisure facility and gym complete with a swimming pool. It also offers a co-working space in a number of its hotels. The Company champions. the wellbeing of its employees and having a positive impact on the communities it operates in. Principle 2 - Leadership composition The Group is privately owned. It is not listed on the stock exchange but it does adhere to the principles of good governance to guarantee economic performance, exemplary administration and management, and trust and transparency. The Group has a Corporate Governance Policy that enables it to manage and identify who can report to the . Board and can deal more effectively with the challenges of running a group. The intention of the Corporate Governance Policy is to ensure that the business has appropriate decision-making processes and controls in place so that the interest of all stakeholders (shareholders, employees, suppliers, customers and the community) are balanced. It includes the processes by which the Group's objectives are set and pursued in the context of the social regulatory and market environment. It is concerned with practices and procedures for trying to make sure the Group can achieve its objectives but ensure that stakeholders can have confidence that the trust in the Group is well founded. The Group's Senior Executive Team is composed of a Chief Executive Officer, a Chief Financial Controller, Director of People and Operations and General Counsel. Members of the Senior Executive Team usually attend Main Board Meetings three times each year as required, and minutes are taken in line with statutory obligations. The Executive Team meets once a week to discuss performance, risk and highlight areas for discussion. The Executive Team has a diverse range of skills and expertise in the wide range of services offered by the Group from Food & Beverage to Leisure to Sales and Marketing to in-house financial and legal expertise. The Executive Team's size and composition is regarded as appropriate to the Group's complex yet focused business.

Highlight [page 19]: The Executive Team attends an informal meeting with the Main Board every second month, and in addition members of the Main Board will attend meetings with specific members of the Executive Team to discuss areas of operational significance or risk. Principle 3 - Leadership responsibilities Each member of the Executive Team understands what they are accountable and responsible for and they provide a report each week at the Executive Team meeting. To ensure full transparency a monthly report is sent to the Main Board. The Main Board ultimately retains responsibility for all decision making in business operations and ensures delegated decision makers are individuals with the most experience and relevant knowledge. All members of the Executive Team are required to consider any conflicts or potential conflicts and declare them at least annually to the General Counsel. The Group has a strong Ethical Code and actively manages anti-bribery and corruption. It also operates a framework of disclosure for whistleblowing and in particular modem slavery. Principle 4 - Opportunity and Risk The Group pursues a combined organic and development led growth strategy. Through investing in the current portfolio, the Group seeks to improve the revenue and profitability of its existing hotels. In addition, the development team work closely with the Executive Team, to identify opportunities to expand the Group's footprint via acquisition, with the goal of enhancing national coverage, improving distribution and maximising revenue. Comprehensive commercial, financial, property and legal due diligence is undertaken on any potential new acquisition. The Group is committed to transparency in managing risk. Risk is categorised for management purposes into operational, corporate and financial risk. A Core Risk Team (comprising General Counsel, Head of Risk and Safety, Internal Audit and Compliance) meets every quarter to review all risks within the business. A Senior Risk Committee (comprising CEO, CFO, General Counsel and Director of People and Operations) meets twice a year. Risk is discussed at Board Meetings with the Main Board and there is an additional risk update provided to the Main Board twice a year outside of the Main Board meeting. Every risk in the business has a mitigation plan / strategy that is reviewed not less than once every six months and identifies risk owners and implementation plans necessary to address each risk. All employees are inducted and continually trained on significant risks including but not limited to life safety and cyber security. The Group engages third party experts to audit fire safety, food safety and IT system security at least annually. The feedback from these audits are shared with the Executive Team. Principle 5 - Remuneration The Main Board oversees the remuneration of the Executive Team, with market rate salaries to ensure retention. A large proportion of the Group's people are paid in line with industry standards. The Group is committed to creating a culture of excellence that not only enables employees to reach their full potential but also enables the Group to thrive.

Highlight [page 20]: Principle 6 - Stakeholder Relationships and Engagement Business relationships: The Group works with some of the largest business operations and government departments in the UK. The Group builds strong, sustainable relationships with its clients and suppliers, which are essential to the long-term success of the business. People: The Group has a vision to engage & motivate all employees to grow and nurture employees through training, development, reward and recognition. The Group encourages development of all employees and operates numerous operational training programmes in addition to three in-house leadership and development programmes for individuals to join. Apprentices: The Apprentice programme provides opportunities to make a real impact within a Group that truly cares. The intake from this programme provides the next generation of people who can take on complex challenges and make a difference in the world through innovation, creativity, and teamwork. The programme helps attract people to the industry with a passion to learn and to grow awareness of careers in hospitality. Disabled employees: The Group encourages the employment of disabled people and provides a fair and encouraging approach to any such employment applications. In the event that any of the people within the Group become disabled whilst in service, the business strives to support their needs with every effort being made to continue their employment. This may include adapting work environments, transfers to alternative duties, or if required, retraining to undertake new roles. People engagement: The true value of the business resides within its people - as such, there are regular and various means and media used for communication. An intranet site is maintained that provides the Group's people with the latest information, using applications that provide instantaneous news updates along with instant access to benefits, incentives & growth opportunities. The Group operates an extensive rewards programme called My Village Rewards and an annual people engagement survey is carried out to enable the Executive Team to review the performance of all departments and implement both local and brand plans to drive higher engagement and retention of its employees. Culture and values: The Group is defined by its values; they drive the business to succeed and underpin its conduct and approach. The values are at the forefront of every decision that is made, and define the behaviours of the Group's people. Values drive the business to be the best it can. In the collective, the Group's people and values form its corporate culture, which serve the best interests of its employees, guests, members and shareho Iders. Sustainability and Community: The Group operates a Village Green vision 'to have a positive impact on the communities in which the Group operates in both environmentally and socially.' The Group is committed to its Environmental, Social and Governance (ESG) policy and principles in order to operate as a responsible business. The Group understands that a better sustainable future is within its reach and wants to play a significant part in getting there. The Group recognises that an essential part of being a responsible business is caring for the environment. The work around environmental issues are led by the Executive Team and their role is to encourage every hotel to reduce its impact on the environment and ultimately reduce our carbon footprint and create a clear and transparent path to Net-Zero. It is also recognised that climate change is at a critical point. The Group has numerous policies in place to drive and assist this which focus on specific operations and how it can mitigate its current impact on the environment. The Group believes, linked to its environmental principles, that in order to achieve its aim to become a more sustainable business, it must also consider the wider community that each hotel operates in, and Village Green initiatives encompass this approach.