
Highlight [page 21]: Wates Construction Limited Annual accounts and reports 2021 Corporate governance report For the year ended 31 December 2021, under The Companies (Miscellaneous Reporting) Regulations 2019, the company has applied the Wates Corporate Governance Principles for Large Private Companies (published by the Financial Reporting Council ('FRC') in December 2019 and available on the FRCwebsite). The following paragraphs summarise how the Directors of Wates Construction Limited applied the principles over the past year. The report for Wates Group Limited has been included in these financial statements as the Directors of the company consider that the application of the Principles are consistent with those included within the Wates Group report. The Group's website contains further supporting information on the Wates Principles (www.wates.co.uk/who-we-are/corporate-governance/l. Principle 1-Purpose and leadership The Wates Group uses a Guiding Framework to define its purpose, goals and behaviours. Wates' purpose is, together, to inspire better ways of creating the places, communities and businesses of tomorrow. By ensuring that this purpose is at the heart of everything the Wates Group does, Wates will build a reputation as a truly progressive, trusted and sustainable business. Wates believes that how it does business is as important as what it does. The behaviours that are expected of all Wates Group employees are summarised in the Guiliing Framework and require everyone to demonstrate in their everyday decisions, language and actions that they care, are fair and always look for a better way to perform. During 2021, the Board focused on the five priorities that comprise the Wates Group's 'Performance Wheel'. The five priorities define the areas in which the Wates Group must perform well in order to achieve the goals that are set out in the Guiding Framework. The five priorities are: safety, sustainability, diversity and inclusion, quality and profitability. (See Strategy report on page 10 of the Wates Group financial statements for further details).

Highlight [page 22]: In 2019 a new diversity and inclusion plan was introduced which defined the targets for the Wates Group and explained the type of organisation that it wanted to become. In 2020, the Wates Group announced a new suite of industry-leading Family Leave policies. More than 200 employees have made use of these benefits since they were introduced. In October 2021, the Wates Group celebrated its second 'Inclusion Month', which encouraged an organisation-wide conversation on inclusion and helped raise awareness of the everyday actions that help and hinder inclusion. More than 1,100 employees took part in these events throughout the month. Also in 2021, the Wates Group formalized a set of Flexible Working Principles, which focus on rethinking where, when and how work can be done in a way that maintains or improves delivery for our customers, while also improving the lives and careers of employees. For information on how the Board engages with employees and considers their views see page 13 of the Section 172 Companies Act 2006 report. As defined in the Wates Group's diversity and inclusion plan, Wates is committed to having a workforce that more accurately reflects society and, despite disruption caused by the pandemic, it is making progress against the challenging targets it set to achieve by 2025: 40% Female (2021: 29%, 2020: 28%) 20% BAME (2021: 13%, 2020: 11%) 3% Disability (2021: 3%, 2020: 2%) 5% LGBTQ+(2021: 2%, 2020: 2%) The Wates Group has also launched an Anti-Bullying and Harassment policy, introduced a Reverse Mentoring programme pairing white senior leaders with colleagues from under-represented ethnicities, and introduced a pilot project to debias the recruitment process. These changes are designed to help attract and develop talented candidates from a much wider and more diverse range of personal and professional backgrounds. This is expected to lead to performance improvements and to help close the Wates Group's gender pay gap. As part of the Wates Group's drive to become more sustainable, the Wates Group has set stretching environmental sustainability targets. These are discussed in detail within the Sustainability Report on page 40 of the Wates Group financial statements. The Wates Group has also evidenced its commitment to becoming more sustainable by being an early adopter of the reporting requirements of the Task-Force for Climate-related Financial Disclosures (TCFD)- see page 52 of the Wates Group financial statements. The Wates Group engaged external consultants to help define how it will meet its sustainability targets. Delivering social value is intrinsic to the Wates Group's purpose and to its goal of being a progressive and responsible employer. By considering social value in its business decisions, including the way it employs staff, engages with communities and buys products and services, it can cultivate a more sustainable and inclusive society, demonstrating that good business done well can be a powerful force for good. For further information on the Wates Group's progress in this area, see the Social value report on page 43 of the Wates Group financial statements. Principle 2 - Board composition The Board comprises a Chairman, whose responsibilities encompass leading and managing the Board, ensuring its effectiveness and the quality of its governance, and making sure that the family's values are reflected in the purpose, goals and behaviours of the Wates Group. Together with the Chief Executive he ensures that the balance of responsibilities, accountabilities and decision-making across the Wates Group are maintained effectively. They are augmented by a Chief Financial Officer, the Executive Managing Director of the Wates Construction Group, three independent non-executives and four family members (excluding the Chairman). Independent non-executive directors bring experience in property development, engineering, finance and audit, in addition to perspectives and challenge from outside the sectors in which the Wates Group operates. The size (eleven members in total) and composition of the Board is appropriate for a Group with turnover of £1.Sbn, operating in five complementary market sectors and is comparable to the Boards of similar listed businesses.

Highlight [page 23]: In 2021, the Board considered the requirement to have detailed succession plans in place both for the Board and other members of senior management. The directors acknowledge that there is a relative lack of diversity on the Board, particularly in the context of the diversity and inclusion targets that were approved by the Board in 2019. The Board is committed to developing a more diverse workforce, including at the most senior levels and it has demonstrated this commitment this year by endorsing the CBI Change the Race Ratio campaign, which includes a drive to increase ethnic and racial diversity and inclusion among the boardrooms and senior leadership of businesses. The most recent independent formal effectiveness review of the Board took place in 2019. The review assessed that the Board was competent and well run and could become even more effective by clearly aligning its agenda to strategic development and by engaging the whole Board more routinely in the active management of investor relations. The Board has been mindful of these findings during the year as it continued to respond to the pandemic. A biography for each Board director can be found on the Wates Group's website www.wates.co.uk/who-we-are/ and on pages 60 to 63 of the Wates Group financial statements. Principle 3 - Director responsibilities The Board has a programme of six principal meetings every year, plus an additional day for strategic planning. As part of every Wates Group Board meeting, the governance of the Wates Group is included as a standing agenda item. The Board's key areas of focus in 2021 are noted in the Section 172 Companies Act 2006 report on pages 13 to 17. The Board receives regular and timely information on all key aspects of the business including on health and safety, risks and opportunities, the financial performance of the business, strategy, operational matters, market conditions and sustainability. These are all supported by Key Performance Indicators (KPls). The Board approves an updated strategic plan for at least the next 3 years on an annual basis. For details of the output of the strategic plan see the Section 172 Companies Act statement on page 13. The Board completed the 2020 valuation negotiations with Pension Trustees and continues to be consulted in respect of the pension tund investment strategy. It has also signed off the Modern Slavery Statement, the Tax Strategy Annual Statement and the ongoing discussions with the Wates Group's lenders about the renewal of the Wates Group's Revolving Credit Facility (which expires in March 2023). To support good governance, the Audit Committee regularly reviews the relationship with the external auditors and has a policy that, at least every ten years, the external audit will be considered for re-tender. The Wates Group commenced a tender process in 2019 that resulted in BDO LLPbecoming the statutory auditors. Principle 4 - Opportunity and risk The Board seeks out opportunity whilst mitigating risk. The Wates Group's key operational risks and mitigations are outlined in the Strategic report (and are noted as 'Principal risks') on pages 4 to 11. The Board also considers all major projects (defined by their value and risk profile) and approves them before any bids are finalised. The identification and management of risk is the responsibility of the Executive Committee. Day-to-day risks are managed by the Business Unit Boards and then consolidated and reported through the Executive Committee to the Group Board. The Executive Committee (as delegated by the Board) considers risks as part of the day-to-day management of the business. In 2021, there has been particular focus on the potential risk to the Wates Group's current and future performance caused by cost inflation and constraints on the availability of labour, products and materials. The Board reviewed the management team's response to inflation, across all its businesses, and the potential impact

Highlight [page 24]: on future performance. The Board was satisfied that the management team have the appropriate strategies in place to mitigate any material risk to the Wates Group's performance in future years, although this will continue to be monitored closely throughout 2022. Other new specific areas of focus have included the scope and potential risks of the Residential Property Developer Tax and the impact of the upcoming Building Safety Bill and related matters. The introduction of the Wates Corporate Governance Principles for Large Private Companies highlighted a need for the Executive Committee to focus on opportunities as well as risks and this has now been incorporated into the monthly Committee meetings. Some of the opportunities that have been considered include leveraging the Wates Group's position as a trusted partner on a number of public and private sector frameworks, additional investment opportunities (as discussed within the Section 172 Companies Act Statement on page 13) and maximising the integration ofthe Wates Group's project and contract delivery capabilities. The Committee is also considering the potential impact of the Wates Group's diversity and inclusion, social value and carbon reduction plans. Principle 5 - Remuneration The Wates Group aims to have remuneration polices which are fair and meritocratic. The structure and level of remuneration is set to enable the Wates Group to attract and retain the best employees and motivate high performance at all levels in the organisation. The start of 2021 was characterised by an unusually high level of economic uncertainty. In response, the Board implemented new incentive arrangements for all employees specifically for 2021. These arrangements provided employees with protection against a potential drop in profitability and with lower-than-normal targets in exchange for a reduction in payments for 'on target' performance. The Board approved pay-rises in April 2021, having not done so during 2020. No bonuses were paid in April 2021 in respect of 2020 performance. The Wates Group's performance in 2021 returned to pre-pandemic levels and this has allowed the Board to approve a return to pre-pandemic incentive arrangements for 2022. The Board has also approved pay-rises from April 2022. In 2021, the focus has been on a change to the Wates Group's future incentive arrangements for all employees. The new arrangement, a profit-share scheme, will be implemented with a phased approach over the next two years and will ensure that all employees are aligned with the shareholders' objectives of delivering a sustainable, more profitable business whilst being more diverse and inclusive. The Wates Group continues to publish its gender pay reporting externally. At 5 April 2020, the median gender pay gap, across all Wates Group employees, was 32.9%. The COVID-19 pandemic had a significant impact on the Wates Group's pay practices in the second quarter of 2020 and a significant number of employees were excluded from the data as they were furloughed at the snapshot date. The diversity and inclusion plan includes changes that should lead to improvements in the gender pay gap, and the Wates Group intends to publish its 2021 report around the end of March 2022. Principle 6 - Stakeholders The Board is clear that good governance and effective communication are essential if the business is to fulfill its purpose and protect its brand, reputation and relationships with stakeholders, which include shareholders, customers, employees, suppliers, financial institutions, and the wider communities in which it works. The health and safety of the Wates Group's employees and other stakeholders remains its number one priority and the directors review the performance in this area at each scheduled meeting. The Board's commitment to creating a sustainable zero-harm working environment has resulted in an industry-leading performance for five consecutive years. For further information see the Sustainability Report on page 40 of the Wates Group financial statements. The Wates Group continues to publish all of the relevant data as part of its duty to report on payment practices and performance. The speed with which contractors pay their suppliers is an important topic within the

Highlight [page 25]: construction sector. One of the key metrics is the number of invoices paid within 60 days. The Prompt Payment Code requires members to pay at least 95% of invoices within 60 days. The Wates Group predominately trades through two statutory entities that operate as main contractors and which report their payment performance externally. For the six-month period ending 31 December 2021, Wates Construction Limited has paid 96% of its invoices within 60 days (H2 2020: 97%) and Wates Property Services Limited has paid 98% of its invoices within 60 days (H2 2020: 98%). Additional activities oriented towards ensuring strong relationships with stakeholders are detailed in the Section 172 Report on pages 13 to 17.