
Highlight [page 9]: Statement of .corporate governance arrangements The Company strives to. practise good corporate governance in terms of accountability; transparency, fairness and responsibility. F.or the year ended 31 December .2021 under The. Gempanies (Miscellaneous Reporting) Regulations 2019 the Company has adopted the Wates Corporate Governance Principles for large companies which provides a high-level approach to good corporate governance. • The principles the Company follows are: Purpose and leadership. Directors of the. Company .are also Directors of the Board/Office holder of the intermediate parent Company, which is responsible for ensuring good, consistent corporate governance is maintained throughout the Group. The Group's vision.is to be th.eNo. 1 s~rvice area operator in the UK. Directors provide the Group and Company.with strategic direction to fulfil this purpose aligning the interests of the Board, management, employees, shareholders, community and other stakeholders. Board composition The Company. has a tvvo-tiered management s.truct:ure with the Board providing strategic direction and purpose and delegation of responsibility to.an Executive-Leadership Team for day· to day management of the Group and Company. Shareholder engagement is maintained. through a formal Shareholder Agreement and by shareholder representation on the Board. The Chief Executive Officer is also a Director of the Board. Board members have extensive experience across forecourt trading and hospitality and infrastructure investment. The size and composition of the Board with the breadth of experience is considered appropriate for the nature and scale of the business. • In matters where further expertise is required the Board appoint external advisers. Director responsibilities The Board an.d individual dtrectors have a clear understanding of their accountability and responsibilities. These are underpinned by policies and procedures.

Highlight [page 10]: Group Board meetings are held bi-monthly and these are diarised at the start of each year. Executive Leadership Team meetings, led by the Chief Operating Officer, are held weekly. The Board and Executive Leadership ·reams receive monthly data on the main business activities which includes financial performances, commercial and market analysis, people and culture and health and safety to assist. in· fulfilling their responsibilities. The Shareholder Agreement ·specifies Board Reserved Matters (including acquisitions, restructuring, commercial contracts over a certain size or duration) that require consideration by· and approval of the B~ard at these . meetings.· In addition, the Executi~e Leadership Team holds corporate governance meetings quarterly to ensure the Group is continually reviewing its policies and procedures and in particular to identify and mitigate potential risks to the Group. The Group maintains an internal audit programme and Audit and Risk.Commi~ee meetings are held bi-annually to review the application of policies and procedures within the Group. Opportunity and risk . The Company ·set:ks• to develop profitable growth opportunities that will benefit all its stakeholders whilst mitigating risks that may arise and is focused on creating long term value. The Executive Leadership Team develops, .documents and ~ommunicates the business strategy whi_chis approved by the Group Board. This seeks to optimise opportunities identified by the Group to develop and improve its operations. [n addition, the Executive Leadership Team maintains a risk register: which is reviewed at its · coq,orate governance meetings and key risks are reported to the Board where relevant. Remuneration The Groups investor directors are responsible for developing policies on and setting the remuneration packages ·of the Executive Leadership Team pay. They-Jook to promote executive remuneration policies aligned to·thelong-term sustainable success of the Company. -The Groups investor directors are not remunerated by the Group. Directors' remuneration is di$closed in the parent company's financial· statements and the intermediate parent company's financial statements. The Executive Teams remuneration is also disclosed in the intennediatee parent company's · financial statements. Remuneration includes bonuses which are linked. to achievement of the business strategy. The Company is an activ·eequal opportunities employer ~d promotes an environment free from discrimination, harassment and victimisation where everyone receives equal treatment and career development regardless of age, gender, nationality, ethnic origin, religion, marital status, sexuaforientation or disability. All decisions relating to employment practices are o_bjective,free from bias and based solely on work criteria and individual merit.

Highlight [page 11]: Stakeholders The Board supports good governance practises within the business and meaningful engagement with stakeholders including, but not limited to, shareholders, customers, employees, suppliers, Government bodies and local communities in which the business operates. This is maintained through many channels and activities s~ch a~ .Board meetings, review of customer feepback through social media, annual ·employee surveys and an intranet platform to share information. best practises, achievements and successes, a centralisect'procurement function, engagement with • Government bodies in.a proactive and constructive manner; and actively supporting the Group's charity Children in Need. Statement of directors' responsibilities in respect ~f the financial statements The dir~ctors are respo~sible for preparing the Annual Report and the financtal ~tatements in· • accordance with applicable law and regulation. • Company law requires the directors to prepfil"efinancial· statements for each financial· year·. Under that law the directors have prepared the financial statements in accordance· with United Kingdom Generally Accepted Accounting Practice (United Kingdo'm Accounting Standards, comprising FRS 102 "The Financial Reporting Standard applicable in the UK and Republic of Ireland", and applicable law). Under company law the directors must not approve the financial statements unless they are satisfied that they give a true and fair view of the state of affairs of the Company and of the profit or los.sof the Company for that year. • In preparing the financial statements, the directors are required to: • select suitable accounting policies and.then apply them consistently; • state whether applicable United Kingdom Accounting Standards, comprising FRS 102, have been followed, subject to any material departures disclosed and explained in the financial statements; . . • make judgements and accounting estimates that are reasonable and prudent; and • prepare the financial statements on the going concern basis unless it is inappropriate to presume that the Company will continue in business. • The directors are also responsible for :safeguarding the assets of the Company and hence for _takingreasonable steps for the prevention and detection of fraud and other irregularities. The _directorsare responsible for keeping adequate accounting records that are sufficient to show and explain the Company's transactions and disclose with reasonable accuracy at any time the • financial position of the. Company and enable them to erisilre _that the financial statements • comply with the Companies Act 2006.