
Highlight [page 21]: Compliance with the Wates Principles The Board considers that it complies with the Wates Principles, through the corporate governance arrangements described in detail above. Principle One - Purpose and leadership An effective Board develops and promotes the purpose of the company, and ensures that its values, strategy and culture align with that purpose. The Company sets out its compliance with Ofwat Objective 1 on pages 8 to 9. Principle Two - Board composition Effective Board composition requires an effective chair and a balance of skills, backgrounds, experience and knowledge, with individual directors having sufficient capacity to make a valuable contribution. The size of a board should be guided by the scale and complexity of the company. The Company sets out its compliance with Ofwat Objective 4 on pages 11 to 19. Principle Three - Director responsibilities The Board and individual directors should have a clear understanding of their accountability and responsibilities. The Board's policies and procedures should support effective decision-making and independent challenge. The Company has clear corporate governance practices in place, with clear lines of accountability and responsibility as setout under Ofwat Objective 2 on pages 9 and 10. Details of the Board Committees are set out in the comments on Ofwat Objective 4 on pages 11 to 19. Principle Four - Opportunity and risk A Board should promote the long-term sustainable success of the company by identifying opportunities to create and preserve value, and establishing oversight for the identification and mitigation of risks. The Company is a long-term business and ensuring its long-term sustainable success underpins the work of the Board and its Committees. The Board's approach to oversight of the identification and mitigation of risks can be found on pages 8 to 9 set out.under Ofwat Objective 1 and also in the Strategic Report on pages 56 to 73. Principle Five - Remuneration A Board should promote executive remuneration structures aligned to the long-term sustainable success of a company, taking into account pay and conditions elsewhere in the company. A detailed explanation of the Company's executive pay policy is provided in the Remuneration Committee Report on pages 28 to 46. Principle Six - Stakeholder relationships and engagement Directors should foster effective stakeholder relationships aligned to the company's purpose. board is responsible for overseeing meaningful engagement with stakeholders, including the workforce, and having regard to their views when taking decisions. The Details of the Company's stakeholder engagement are set out under Ofwat Objective 1 on pages 8 to 9 and in the s172 statement on pages 49 to 53.