
Highlight [page 26]: Statement of Corporate Governance Arrangements The Board of Directors adopted the Wates Principles of Corporate Governance for Large Private Companies as the Company's primary corporate governance code. The Board also operates within a wider corporate governance framework (the Subsidiary Governance Guidelines) for the subsidiaries of its ultimate parent company, Willis Towers Watson pie. The Company applied the six Wates Principles in the following ways: Principle 1: Purpose and Leadership WTW's purpose is the reason that the Company exists. WTW creates clarity and confidence today for a more sustainable tomorrow. The Company is a leading global advisory, broking and solutions company that helps its customers around the world turn risk into a path for growth. The Company's values, outlined above, are more than words. The Company believes that living its values every day drives its success. The values frame the Company's approaches and ways of working and embed the behaviours that drive its performance, as demonstrated throughout the Strategic Report. The Company's values are communicated consistently across all employee and customer messaging, on the Company's website, and are embedded in all employee engagement, including performance management tools. The Company has a strong culture aligned to its values. The Company's culture is constantly monitored through company-wide staff engagement surveys carried out every two years, exit interviews, one to one engagement, Board site visits, town hall events carried out by senior management and regular reports to the Board. For further details on the Company's strategy, see the Strategic Report above.

Highlight [page 27]: Principle 2: Board Composition On 31 December 2021, the Board comprised eleven Directors. Using the definition contained in the UK Corporate Governance Code, the Chair was independent upon appointment. In addition, the Board has four Non-Executive Directors, three of whom are independent and are the chair the Enterprise Risk Management and Audit Committees. The Board has s·ix Executive Directors who include the Chief Executive Officer, the Chief Finance Officer, the Chief Operating Officer, Chief Compliance Officer, HR Director and Chief Risk Officer. The Board members are shown on page l. The Board considers its size and the diversity of its composition in respect of gender, experience and ethnicity to be appropriate for the size of the Company. The Company has a strong CQltureof inclusion and diversity and considers it to be critical to its business. It is how the Company hires and promotes, how it works with customers and how its teams function. The Board is committed to creating an inclusiv~ work environment where everyone is heard, respected and valued for who they are. The Board has a good balance of knowledge and experience across all its Executive and Non-Executive Directors, whose details are shown on page 1. The Board periodically carries out external Board effectiveness reviews. ensures that the recommendations are implemented. Principle 3: Director Responsibilities The Board considers the output and At WTW, corporate governance is defined by the system of rules, practices and processes by which companies are directed and controlled and the aim of which is to enable the best decisions to be made by those companies. The Company ensures adherence to a set of WTW-wide internal subsidiary governance guidance that applies across the segments, geographies and legal entities at WTW. These set out Qlinimum standards for areas such as Board composition, changes to Boards, director training, database guidelines and document retention. In addition, the Board has also adopted the Wates Principles of Corporate Governance for Large Private Companies. Also, the Company has reviewed and adopted the appropriate governance standards in order to comply with the FCA's SM&CR. The Board organises its work by delegating specific matters to the following Board Committees: the Enterprise Risk Management Committee; the Audit Committee; the Nominations Committee; and the Culture and Conduct Committee. The Board and its Committees receive regular reports and management information from the businesses in order to assist them to discharge their responsibilities under the individual constitutional documents and terms of reference, as well as their individual responsibilities under the FCA's SM&CR. Principle 4: Opportunity and Risk The WTW Enterprise Risk Management team is a global team which works with businesses and corporate functions to ensure a proactive and integrated approach to risk management, and with employees to help them effectively and efficiently deliver quality and manage risk. The Board's Enterprise Risk Management Committee meets at least quarterly. This Committee advises the Board on risk matters including the assessment of risk appetite and monitoring of risk against that appetite. The Board reviews its risk appetite and internal control framework regularly and uses Board meetings and other arrangements to ensure that it has continuous market insights in the context of the Company's businesses. The Company's strategy is aligned to the WTW strategy, which is based on the belief that a unified approach to people and risk yields growth for our customers. The Company's integrated teams bring together the Company's understanding of risk strategies and market analytics. This helps customers around the world to achieve their objectives. The Chief Executive regularly provides the Board with a market overview which includes opportunities for tangible and intangible value creation. The Board also regularly reviews strategy execution by management.

Highlight [page 28]: Principle 5: Remuneration At WTW, employees are paid for performance; so compensation programmes are designed to support both short-and long-term goals, as well as both individual and team successes. Base salary is determined by an employee's role, proficiency in the role and location. As a leader in compensation surveys, WTW uses market data to ensure its offerings are competitive. • Salary increases are generally made through the annual year-end review process. Increases are based on employee performance and competency development during the prior year, and may be made in conjunction with a role change or level change, or, in some cases, to ensure external competitiveness. Short term incentives are discretionary awards paid annually that reflect the performance of the business and enable the company to recognize employee contributions to its success for that given year. There is a robust governance framework in place to monitor these awards. Senior management remuneration is also based on performance over the course of the year and demonstration of the WTW values in a similar way to that of all other employees. WTW has a long-term incentive programme which is an annual discretionary programme designed for the most senior employees who make strategic contributions to the success of the business over time. Discretionary awards for all employees including senior managers align with performance, behaviours, and achievement of the Company's purpose, values, and strategy. For further details on compensation, see note 7 to the Financial Statements below. Principle 6: Stakeholder Relationships and Engagement The Company's material stakeholders are its customers, employees, Regulators, its parent company, its environment and its third-party suppliers. The Board of Directors is committed to engaging appropriately with its material stakeholders and to consider any feedback received in making any principal decisions. The Board of Directors has adopted a stakeholder dashboard which identifies its material stakeholders as: Employees Regulators Shareholder Customers Third Party Suppliers Environment and Community