
Highlight [page 10]: Statement of corporate governance arrangements Pursuant to Paragraphs 21 to 30_ Part 8, Schedule 7 of the Large and Medium-sized Companies and Groups (Accounts and Reports) Regulations 2008 (SI 2008/410). The Board of Directors of the Company have fi.)fmally adopted and applied The Wates Corporate Governance Principles for Large Private Companies, ("The Wates Principles"). In line with the ·apply and explain· approach guidance under each principle, the Directors hereby explain their approach to applying each principle in n.::spectof the corporate governance arrangements of the Company. As a large pri\"ak regulated subsidiary of FIS_ the Board operates autonomous decision-making whilst incorporating aligning to FIS Group-wide policies and culture, this demonstrates the Directors' commitment to accountability acknowledgement of their Directors· duties whilst continually considering the needs of all Company stakeholders PRJXCIPLE /: PCRPOS!o .·L\D LEADERSIIIP and and The Board of Directors deYelops and promotes the purpose of the Company, and ensures that its values_ strategy and culture align \vith that purpose. The ·one FIS' group-wide culture fonns the hasis for this approach, ahvays stri\·ing to win as one team, lead with Integrity and be the change. The ·FIS 3Cs' define the groups that the purpose and values are delivered for - our Colleagues, Clients and Communities. The FIS Culture is a result of these values heing brought to life. The Board carries out its leadership and work in guiding the way in\\ hich the Company communicates, learns_ leads, works as a team and challenges itself to always deliver for the 3Cs. The Board meets annually to plan strategy. The Board clearly articulates Merchant Solutions organisation, whilst \\orking alongside its stakeholders. and implements its strategy throughout the The Board follows and aligns to the FIS group-wide policies in respect of business ethics, conflicts of interest and the prevention of financial crime in order to achic\'c the highest standards in the payments industry A memorandum of understanding is in place with FIS to set out the role and matters reserved for the Board of the Company and to encourage local autonomy for the Company's stakeholders. PRJXCIPLE J: BOARD CO\IPOSJ1JOX The composition of the Board is established \\ith a balance of skills, backgrounds, experience and knowledge, with individual Directors having sufficient capacity to make a valuable contrihution and an effective Chair. The Chair of the Board ensures the promotion of open debate and facilitates constructi\·e discussion during the course of each Board meeting. Directors are provided with appropriately detailed infonnation and sufficient time is given fi.)rmeaningful Board discussion. Care is taken to ensure the Board's composition continues to accommodate an understanding of the Company's business needs and stakeholder interests, whilst establishing an appropriate balance of expertise, diversity and objectivity. FIS champions a group-wide diversity and inclusion approach which goes he~-ond policy making, the composition of the Board which is aligned to the Group's approach to diversity and inclusion. The Board is made up of representatives from the business and from the ultimate shareholder to ensure ongoing engagement and stakeholder interests continue to be met. The Board evaluates its perfonnance and effectiveness bi-annually. PRJ.VCJP!.F 3: /J!I/JiCTOR RF:SPO.VSIR!I.!11E~ The Board. as a collccti\·e, and each individual Director have a clear understanding or their accountability and responsibilities. The Board's processes arc designed and maintained to support cfkctive decision-making. Board Directors have, in addition to their legal responsibilities as Directors of the Company, notabl~· to act in the best interests of that Company and its stakeholders_ the responsibility also to act in recognition of the FIS Group, FIS Group ·s regulatory

Highlight [page 11]: PRJSCJPLli 3: l)JRFCT0/1 IU:SPOSS/BIL/TIF.S /continued) obligations and the HS Polic~ Management Framework, which pro\·ides a suite of frameworks and policies covering brniness and financial planning, go\'ernancc and risk management for the HS Group, induding its subsidiar:-,: companies. Statement of corporate governance arrangements Pursuant to the Companies Act 2006 and the Group-wide FIS Conflicts of Interest Standard, the Hoard ensures that, \\here any conflicts of interest arc disclosed, that these are recorded and managed appropriately and if any on-going conflicts \\ere to arise, consideration would be given to membership of the Board. The Chair and Company Secretary periodically review the appropriateness and strength of the Company's corporate governance processes, continually considering areas for development. There is sufficient linkage between Company and its ultimate parent by way of Director representation on the Board. Because a number of those Directors are based in other areas of the wider FIS group, this enables an objective \·ie\,point on the Board to the Merchant Solutions business. The l3oard retains overall n:sponsibility for all matters rt!served t'or the Board. Howe\'eL the O\'ersight of a variety of items will be delegated to the oversight of the Roard Risk Committee, convening in January 2021, to enable a focussed approach to more complex risk management matters. Board papers and supporting management information timelv manner to the l3oard. is accurate, clear, comprehensiYe, up-to-date and pnwided in a PJU.VCIPLE ./: OPPORT/. •.\7Tl .·1\D RISK The Board promotes the long-tenn sustainable success of the Company by identifying opportLU1itiesto create and preserve \'alue and establishing oversight t'or the identification and mitigation or risks. As part of its annual strategic planning, the l3oar<l considers and assesses ho\\ the Company creates and preserves value over the long-term. taking into account tangible and intangible sources of value and stakeholder contribution. In line with the Matters Reserved for the Board, the Roard oversees ne\\ opportunities for innovation and entrepreneurship and Board appro\·al is required for new business opportunities. The 13oard Risk Committee oversees financial, non-financial and reputational risk at each quarterly Board Risk Committee meeting, this is compiled and presented by the FIS Risk team. The Chairman of the Board Risk Committee provides a Yerbal report to each quarterly Board meeting, escalating an:v matters of significance, and as a result, the 13oard is able to remain appropriately.- accountable to stakeholders. In considering the size and nature of the business, internal control systems are in place to manage and mitigate emerging and principal risks. Established internal control systems enable the Board to make informed and robust decisions. The Board Risk Committee currently determines the risk appetite of the Compun~ and makes recommendations Board for approval fc1llowing in-depth analysis. PRI.VCJPUi 5: IIE\JC,\ER.JTIOY to the The FIS group aims to attract, engage and cultivate colleagues who can adapt and thri\·c in an ever-changing business and technology space. FIS are committed to helping colleagues learn, grow and excel \\ith rewarding careers. The group-wide remuneration policy exists to support these objectives and attract the best possible talent to enable the business to grow, ultimately benct'itting all stakeholder groups. As the Company is a \Vhnlly-o\\11ed subsidiary of FIS, the parent company sets remuneration practices and policies. Further details in respect of compensation processes can be found in the flS Annual Report as ,,-ell as the corporate governance section and careers sections of the FIS website, all or \\hich can be found at www.fisglobal.com. PJ/JSCIPLE 6: ST..IKEIJOLDER REL! T/0.\Sl//f'S A.\D E.VG..JGE.\IE.V7 Directors foster effective stakeholder relationships aligned to the Company·s purpose. The l3oard is responsible for O\'ersecing meaningful engagement \\ith stakeholders, including the \\orkforce, and having regard to their views when taking decisions. Please refer to the section 172( 1) statement in the Strategic Report to sec further detail explaining hO\v the Company achieves these objectives.