
Highlight [page 17]: Corporate Governance Report For the 52 week period ended 1 January 2022 The directors consider the annual report and financial statements to comply with all aspects of the Guidelines for Disclosure and transparency in Private Equity. From the 1 st January 2020 the Group adhered to the Wates Corporate Principles issued as guidance for large private companies. Wates Principle 1 - Purpose and leadership The board has developed a 3 year strategic plan for 2022-2024, which clearly identifies the vision of the business and the individual strategic pillars required to ensure this success. Senior management within the business frequently measure and report back progress against this plan. Wates Principle 2 - Board Composition Our board and senior management team comprises of individual directors who have sufficient skills, background experience and knowledge to lead a business within our sector. The size and construction of the board is commensurate with an organization of our size. Wates Principle 3 - Directors' responsibilities Our board and senior management team have a clear understanding of their accountability and responsibilities required to lead this business, they receive regular feedback on performance and the policies of the business support effective decision making and challenge in the business. Wates Principle 4- Opportunity & risk Our board and senior management team promote the long-term sustainable success of the company by conducting regular reviews to identify opportunities and establish oversight of the mitigation of risks in the long and short-term, which includes taking appropriate action. Wates Principle 5 - Remuneration Our board and senior management team promote executive remuneration structures aligned to the long- term sustainable success of the company. Remuneration is reviewed and benchmarked against a recognized global benchmarking system to which the company subscribes (Willis, Towers Watson). Wates Principle 6 - Stakeholder relationships and engagement The board and senior management team has regular meaningful engagement with the stakeholders and workforce. These include employee representative committees in the UK GCC) and Kenya (Welfare committees).